URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/78214/000095013001001162/0000950130-01-001162.txt

BACKGROUND OF THE MERGER

   Phillips and Tosco have had a business relationship for a number of years,
as Phillips sells crude oil to Tosco's refineries.
During the past few years,
Phillips has studied and reviewed a variety of strategic options with regard to
its RM&T business, including seeking a possible joint venture partner, because
Phillips believed that its RM&T business lacked the size and scale to compete
and grow.
By late 2000, Phillips' management had begun to conclude that no
acceptable joint venture partner existed and that Phillips would be better
served to explore other options with regard to its RM&T business.
Tosco had
made a number of acquisitions of RM&T assets over the past few years, but by
late 2000, Tosco's management had begun to conclude that it would be difficult
to continue to acquire quality RM&T assets in the United States as many, if not
most, of such assets were spoken for and that further growth would likely need
to come from outside the RM&T realm.

   
In late December 2000, Thomas D. O'Malley, Chairman of the Board and Chief
Executive Officer of Tosco, called James J. Mulva, Chairman of the Board and
Chief Executive Officer of Phillips.
Mr. O'Malley stated that he was aware that
Phillips had been attempting to do a joint venture with its RM&T assets, which
had not been completed, and that Tosco might be interested in acquiring those
assets.
They agreed to meet after the holidays.
On January 3, 2001, Mr.
O'Malley and Mr. Mulva met in New York City and discussed the RM&T business and
strategic matters.
Mr. O'Malley stated his belief that it would be more
difficult for Tosco to expand its domestic RM&T business and that Tosco might
need to integrate by acquiring E&P assets or aligning itself with a company
with such assets.
Mr. Mulva and Mr. O'Malley agreed that exploratory
discussions between the two companies regarding a combination might be
productive.

   
On January 10, 2001, John E. Lowe, then Senior Vice President--Planning and
Strategic Transactions of Phillips, and Jefferson F. Allen, President and Chief
Financial Officer of Tosco, met in New York City and generally discussed the
respective assets, operations and historical financial results of the two
companies and the potential benefits of a combination between Phillips and
Tosco.

   
On January 17, 2001, Mr. Lowe and Steve Percy, then Senior Vice President--
Refining, Marketing and Transportation of Phillips, met with Mr. Allen in New
York City and discussed Tosco's operations, prospects and potential synergies
and Phillips' existing RM&T assets.

   
On January 19, 2001, Mr. Mulva and Mr. O'Malley met in New York City to
discuss the possibility of a combination between Phillips and Tosco.
Among the
matters discussed were the complementary operations of the two RM&T businesses,
the location of the headquarters of a combined RM&T business, Mr. O'Malley's
role in the management of a combined RM&T business and the possibility that Mr.
O'Malley might join the Phillips Board of Directors should a combination occur.

Mr. Mulva and Mr. O'Malley agreed that none of these matters would be
controversial if an agreement on price could be reached.
At this meeting, Mr.
Mulva indicated that Phillips would be willing to offer 0.74 of a share of
Phillips common stock for each share of Tosco common stock, subject to due
diligence, which he believed could be completed quickly (on January 18, 2001,
Phillips common stock closed at $55.125).
Mr. O'Malley stated his belief that a
40% premium over Tosco's stock price of approximately $33.00 per share would be
fair and appropriate.
No agreement on price was reached but Mr. Mulva and Mr.
O'Malley agreed to continue studying the matter and to meet again the following
week.

   
Between January 19 and January 25, 2001, Mr. Mulva contacted each of the
members of the Phillips Board of Directors and briefed each of them on the
discussions with Tosco.
Mr. O'Malley briefed all of the

members of the Tosco Board of Directors on the discussions with Phillips.
The
entire Tosco Board of Directors met on January 25, 2001, and had extensive
discussions on the proposed transaction, including detailed discussions with
senior management of Tosco.
The Tosco Board of Directors authorized Mr.
O'Malley to continue discussions with Phillips.

   
On January 26, 2001, Mr. Mulva and Mr. O'Malley met in Phoenix, Arizona and
further discussed a possible combination between Phillips and Tosco.
Mr.
O'Malley requested an exchange ratio of 0.80 of a share of Phillips common
stock per share of Tosco common stock and this would be subject to a "collar"
based on Phillips stock price.
Mr. Mulva stated that Phillips would be willing
to offer a fixed exchange ratio of 0.77 of a share of Phillips common stock for
each share of Tosco common stock.
Mr. Mulva indicated that he would be willing
to ask Mr. O'Malley to join the Phillips Board of Directors after the merger
and to have the headquarters of the combined RM&T operations located in the
Phoenix area.
Mr. O'Malley requested time to consider this proposal and agreed
to call Mr. Mulva on Monday, January 29th.
Mr. O'Malley reviewed Phillips'
proposal with the Tosco directors and senior management.
They determined that
Phillips' proposal was not sufficient.

   
On January 29, 2001, Mr. O'Malley telephoned Mr. Mulva to advise him of
Tosco's position.
Mr. O'Malley and Mr. Mulva agreed to pursue a transaction at
an exchange ratio of 0.80 of a share of Phillips stock per share of Tosco
common stock, subject to resolution of the collar issue, due diligence,
negotiation of a definitive agreement and approval of the Boards of Directors
of both companies.
During the period from January 29, 2001 through February 3,
2001, Mr. Mulva and Mr. O'Malley had telephone conversations with the members
of the Phillips Board of Directors and the Tosco Board of Directors,
respectively, advising them of the status of the merger negotiations.

   
On January 30, 2001, Phillips' outside legal counsel sent a draft merger
agreement to Tosco's outside legal counsel.
Phillips and Tosco and their
respective outside legal counsel began negotiating the agreement on February 1,
2001 and negotiations continued through February 3rd.
From January 31 through
February 4, 2001, the parties conducted due diligence reviews of each other.

Tosco retained Merrill Lynch as its financial advisor, and Phillips retained
Morgan Stanley as its financial advisor.
On February 2, 2001, Phillips and
Tosco entered into a formal written mutual confidentiality agreement in order
to facilitate the exchange of information in connection with their due
diligence.
At these meetings, there were discussions regarding each company's
financial, accounting and tax issues, environmental issues, litigation,
employee benefits, and operations and management philosophies.

   
On the evening of February 2, 2001, Mr. Mulva and Mr. Lowe met with Mr.
O'Malley and Mr. Allen in New York City to discuss the status of the
negotiations.
Mr. O'Malley advised Mr. Mulva that he believed Tosco could
proceed without a collar, pending a final decision by the Tosco Board of
Directors.

   
On the afternoon of February 3, 2001, the Phillips Board of Directors held a
special meeting by teleconference at which senior management and advisors of
Phillips reviewed their discussions and negotiations with Tosco regarding a
merger, as well as the results of their due diligence investigation of Tosco.

All members of the Phillips Board of Directors except one were present at the
meeting.
Senior management reviewed with the Phillips Board of Directors
detailed information with respect to Tosco, Phillips and the proposed
transaction.
Morgan Stanley made a presentation to the Phillips Board of
Directors about financial matters with respect to the proposed transaction.

Phillips' outside legal counsel reviewed with the Phillips Board of Directors
the terms of the proposed merger agreement and employment letter with Mr.
O'Malley and the actions necessary to approve the transaction.
The Phillips
Board of Directors, by unanimous vote of those directors present, resolved to
approve and adopt the merger agreement and the merger, subject to it being
approved by the Tosco Board of Directors and to Phillips' management's
continued satisfaction with ongoing due diligence.

   
On the afternoon of February 4, 2001, the Tosco Board of Directors held a
special meeting at which senior management and advisors of Tosco reviewed their
discussions and negotiations with Phillips regarding a merger, as well as the
results of their due diligence investigation of Phillips.
Senior management and
Merrill Lynch reviewed with the Tosco Board of Directors detailed financial
information with respect to Phillips,

Tosco and the potential transaction.
Tosco's outside legal counsel also
reviewed with the Tosco Board of Directors their obligations under Nevada law,
the terms of the proposed merger agreement and employment letter with Mr.
O'Malley and the actions necessary to approve the transaction.
The Tosco Board
of Directors unanimously resolved to approve and adopt the merger agreement and
the merger.

   
Thereafter, the merger agreement and employment letter were executed and the
transaction was publicly announced on the afternoon of February 4, 2001.


RECOMMENDATION OF THE PHILLIPS BOARD OF DIRECTORS; PHILLIPS' REASONS FOR THE
MERGER

   
The Phillips Board of Directors believes that the merger is fair to and in
the best interests of Phillips and Phillips stockholders, has approved and
adopted the merger agreement and recommends that Phillips stockholders vote
"FOR" approval of the issuance of Phillips common stock in the merger.

   
In reaching its decision, the Phillips Board of Directors consulted with
Phillips' management and its financial and legal advisors, and considered a
variety of factors, including the following material factors:

  .  
Business, Operations and Financial Condition.
The Phillips Board of
     Directors considered the current and historical financial condition and
     results of operations of both Phillips and Tosco and the assets,
     earnings and prospects of each company, including the results of
     Phillips' due diligence review.
The Phillips Board of Directors reviewed
     the combined company's anticipated future financial performance.
The
     Phillips Board of Directors considered the fact that the combined
     company would have a stronger balance sheet, improving its access to
     capital in the future.
The Phillips Board of Directors also took into
     account the effects of a potential stock buyback by Phillips.

  .  
Strengthened Strategic Position.
The Phillips Board of Directors
     considered that the merger would transform Phillips into a stronger
     major integrated oil company with the benefits of increased size and
     scale.
The Phillips Board of Directors considered that the expanded size
     and financial strength of the combined company, together with its
     strengthened RM&T operations, would improve stability of the combined
     company's businesses and earnings in varying economic and market
     climates.

  .  
Positioned for Further Growth.
The Phillips Board of Directors believed
     that the merger would improve Phillips' positioning for further growth
     by creating a larger, stronger integrated oil company with greater
     financial capacity.
The Phillips Board of Directors considered that the
     increased cash flow and access to capital resulting from the Tosco
     acquisition would allow Phillips to aggressively pursue other
     opportunities in the future, particularly with regard to acquisition of
     E&P assets.
The combined company's ability to achieve these goals will
     depend on various factors, a number of which will be beyond its control,
     including economic conditions, commodity prices and unanticipated
     changes in business conditions, and, therefore, there can be no
     assurance that these results will be achieved.
See "Cautionary Statement
     Concerning Forward-Looking Statements."

  .  
Alternatives with Respect to the RM&T Business.
The Phillips Board of
     Directors reviewed other possible alternatives to the acquisition of
     Tosco, in particular the possibility of a joint venture of Phillips'
     RM&T business.
The Phillips Board of Directors considered Phillips'
     management's belief that Phillips' current RM&T business lacked the
     size, scale and resources to compete and grow.
The Phillips Board of
     Directors also considered the fact that prior attempts at a joint
     venture of Phillips' RM&T business had been unsuccessful and noted the
     difficulty of finding a suitable joint venture partner for the RM&T
     business.
Past negotiations and discussions on a RM&T joint venture had
     not succeeded due primarily to disagreements with regard to problems
     with control over the joint venture, financial flexibility and the
     strategic vision for the joint venture.
The Phillips Board of Directors
     noted that the acquisition of Tosco presented a unique opportunity to
     expand Phillips' RM&T business and give it the size and scale to
     effectively compete.

  .  
Synergies.
The Phillips Board of Directors reviewed the potential
     strategic and other benefits of the merger, including the complementary
     nature of the Tosco and Phillips' RM&T businesses and the

     opportunity for significant cost savings.
The Phillips Board of Directors
     noted that, although no assurances can be given that any particular level
     of synergies will be achieved, Phillips' management had identified annual
     net pre-tax synergies of approximately $250 million, of which about one-
     half would be realized in fiscal year 2001 and the full amount in fiscal
     year 2002.
The Phillips Board of Directors also considered that combining
     the complementary skills and assets of the two companies--combining
     Tosco's refining and convenience store experience and Phillips' branded
     wholesale skills, as well as applying Phillips' technology to Tosco's
     system--could result in additional synergistic benefits.
See "--Management
     and Operations Following the Merger" and "Cautionary Statement Concerning
     Forward-Looking Statements."

  .  
Terms of the Merger Agreement.
The Phillips Board of Directors, with the
     assistance of counsel, considered the general terms of the merger
     agreement:

    --Fixed Exchange Ratio.
The Phillips Board of Directors considered the
      fact that the fixed exchange ratio provides certainty as to the
      number of shares of Phillips common stock to be issued to Tosco
      stockholders and the percentage of Phillips common stock that current
      Tosco stockholders will own after the merger.
The Phillips Board of
      Directors also considered the premium that the exchange ratio
      implied.

    
--No
Solicitation; Termination Fee.
The Phillips Board of Directors
      reviewed the provisions of the merger agreement that limit Phillips'
      and Tosco's ability to solicit other offers and the requirement that
      Tosco pay Phillips a termination fee of $250 million if the merger
      agreement is terminated due to a superior proposal to acquire Tosco.
      
The Phillips Board of Directors also noted that the payment of the
      $250 million termination fee is reciprocal if the merger agreement is
      terminated as a result of a superior proposal to acquire Phillips by
      a third party.
The Phillips Board of Directors recognized that these
      provisions could somewhat reduce the flexibility of Phillips in
      connection with an alternative transaction, but the Phillips Board of
      Directors believed that such provisions were likely to help ensure
      the successful consummation of the transaction and were reasonable
      under the circumstances.

    --Conditions to Consummation.
The Phillips Board of Directors reviewed
      with counsel the conditions to consummation of the merger, in
      particular the likelihood of obtaining the necessary antitrust
      approvals.
While the Phillips Board of Directors believes that all
      such approvals will be obtained in a timely fashion, the Phillips
      Board of Directors also noted that Phillips is not required to agree
      to any divestitures or other actions that could reasonably be
      expected to have a material adverse effect on Phillips or Tosco or to
      substantially impair the expected benefits of the merger to Phillips.

  .  
Opinion of Financial Advisor.
The Phillips Board of Directors considered
     the opinion of Morgan Stanley that, as of the date of the opinion and
     based on and subject to the matters described in its opinion, the
     exchange ratio was fair from a financial point of view to Phillips.
See
     "--Opinion of Phillips' Financial Advisor.
"

   The foregoing discussion of the information and factors considered by the
Phillips Board of Directors is not exhaustive but does include the material
factors considered by the Phillips Board of Directors.
The Phillips Board of
Directors did not quantify or assign any relative or specific weights to the
various factors that it considered.
Rather, the Phillips Board of Directors
based its recommendation on the totality of the information presented to and
considered by it.
In addition, individual members of the Phillips Board of
Directors may have given differing weights to different factors.

   
THE PHILLIPS BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS THAT PHILLIPS STOCKHOLDERS VOTE
"FOR" APPROVAL OF THE ISSUANCE OF PHILLIPS COMMON STOCK IN THE MERGER.


RECOMMENDATION OF THE TOSCO BOARD OF DIRECTORS; TOSCO'S REASONS FOR THE MERGER

   The Tosco Board of Directors believes that the terms of the merger are
advisable, fair to and in the best interests of Tosco and Tosco stockholders,
has adopted the merger agreement and recommends that Tosco stockholders vote
"FOR" approval of the merger agreement.

   
In reaching its decision, the Tosco Board of Directors consulted with
Tosco's management and its financial and legal advisors, and considered a
variety of factors, including the following material factors:

  .  
Premium.
The Tosco Board of Directors considered that the exchange ratio
     provided for in the merger agreement represents a premium of
     approximately 34% for the Tosco common stock based upon the respective
     closing sale prices for the shares of Tosco and Phillips common stock on
     February 2, 2001, the last trading day prior to the issuance of the
     joint press release by Phillips and Tosco announcing the signing of the
     merger agreement.
The Tosco Board of Directors also considered the
     historical trading prices of Tosco common stock and Phillips common
     stock.

  .  
Opportunity to Participate in the Combined Company.
The Tosco Board of
     Directors considered the fact that a stock-for-stock transaction would
     allow Tosco stockholders to participate in the growth and opportunities
     of the combined company, and to continue to have an investment in the
     petroleum industry through a larger and more diversified enterprise.
The
     Tosco Board of Directors also considered its knowledge of Phillips and
     its belief that Phillips is a growing and well-managed enterprise.
In
     addition, the Tosco Board of Directors considered the fact that the
     market capitalization of the combined company will be significantly
     increased, allowing the combined company to have increased access to
     debt and equity markets.

  .  
Synergies.
The Tosco Board of Directors reviewed the potential strategic
     and other benefits of the merger, including the complementary nature and
     related expansion of various Tosco and Phillips businesses and the
     opportunity for significant cost savings.
The Tosco Board of Directors
     believes that these cost savings are a potential benefit that Tosco
     stockholders may realize as holders of shares of Phillips common stock.
     
The Tosco Board of Directors noted that, although no assurances can be
     given that any particular level of synergies will be achieved, Tosco
     management had identified annual net pre-tax synergies of approximately
     $250 million, of which about one-half would be realized in fiscal year
     2001 and the full amount in fiscal year 2002.
See "--Management and
     Operations Following the Merger" and "Cautionary Statement Concerning
     Forward-Looking Statements."

  .  
Alternatives.
The Tosco Board of Directors reviewed possible
     alternatives to a negotiated merger with Phillips, including the
     possibility of an alternative transaction with a third party with
     respect to all or part of Tosco's businesses, the possibility of
     acquiring another company to expand Tosco's markets, and the possibility
     of continuing to operate Tosco as an independent company.
In this
     regard, the Tosco Board of Directors took into account other likely
     combination candidates and other potential buyers or targets.
The Tosco
     Board of Directors, with its financial advisors, considered the identity
     of potential parties to a possible alternative transaction, but no other
     transaction as timely or as favorable seemed likely, given the recent
     alignments in the industry, or presented as favorable a strategic
     combination of upstream and downstream assets as the combination of
     Phillips and Tosco.
The Tosco Board of Directors considered the value to
     Tosco stockholders of the potential alternatives, including remaining an
     independent company, and the timing and likelihood of achieving
     additional value from these alternatives.
The Tosco Board of Directors
     also considered the probability that Tosco stockholders would prefer an
     immediate favorable transaction rather than have Tosco implement a long-
     term strategic plan for profitable growth, which would be impacted by
     the typical risks associated with implementation, as well as general
     market and economic risks.
After considering the above matters and the
     advice of its financial advisors, the Tosco Board of Directors concluded
     that the merger with Phillips was superior to any currently available
     alternatives and was the best fit of any likely alternative.

  .  
Timing of Sale.
The Tosco Board of Directors noted Tosco's management's
     belief that industry fundamentals were improving and would continue to
     improve over the near term, but that the long-term was filled with
     uncertainty.
The Tosco Board of Directors considered the time required
     to execute

     Tosco's long-range business and growth plans.
The Tosco Board of Directors
     also considered that an immediate sale of Tosco in exchange for shares of
     Phillips stock was an opportunity for stockholders to participate in the
     benefits of Tosco's long-range business and growth opportunities after the
     merger by continuing to hold shares of Phillips.

  .  
Trend of Consolidation.
The Tosco Board of Directors considered the
     recent trend of consolidation in the petroleum industry, including the
     likelihood of continuing consolidation, and the corresponding decrease
     in the number of available strategic partners for Tosco.
The Tosco Board
     of Directors determined that participation in the industry-wide
     consolidation was important to Tosco's future prospects.
The Tosco Board
     of Directors concluded that the combined company, with large petroleum
     E&P assets, together with the combined refining and marketing assets and
     greater financial strength, would likely be better able to compete in
     this environment.

  .  
Terms of Merger Agreement.
The Tosco Board of Directors, with the
     assistance of counsel, considered the general terms of the merger
     agreement, which it found to be balanced and reciprocal in nature.
In
     addition, the Tosco Board of Directors considered the likelihood of
     satisfaction of all conditions to the consummation of the merger.
See
     "The Merger Agreement."
The Tosco Board of Directors, with the
     assistance of counsel, also considered in detail several specific
     provisions of the merger agreement, including the following:

    --Fixed Exchange Ratio.
The Tosco Board of Directors considered the
      fact that the fixed exchange ratio provides certainty as to the
      number of shares of Phillips common stock that will be issued to
      Tosco stockholders, but does not provide any value protection for
      Tosco stockholders in the event that the price of Phillips common
      stock falls prior to the consummation of the merger.
On the other
      hand, the Tosco Board of Directors noted that in the event the value
      of the shares of common stock of Phillips rises prior to the
      consummation of the merger, the Tosco stockholders will get the
      benefit of that rise in value.

    
--No
Solicitation; Termination Fee.
The Tosco Board of Directors
      reviewed the provisions of the merger agreement that limit Tosco's
      ability to solicit other offers and the requirement that Tosco pay
      Phillips a termination fee of $250 million if the merger agreement is
      terminated due to a superior proposal to acquire Tosco.
The Tosco
      Board of Directors also noted that the payment of the $250 million
      termination fee is reciprocal if the merger agreement is terminated
      as a result of a superior proposal to acquire Phillips by a third
      party.
While the Tosco Board of Directors recognized that these
      provisions would somewhat reduce the flexibility of Tosco in
      connection with proposals for alternative transactions, it concluded,
      together with its advisors, that collectively these provisions were
      reasonable under the circumstances.

    
--Treatment of Tosco Employees.
The Tosco Board of Directors considered
      that Phillips agreed in the merger agreement to honor all Tosco
      employee benefit plans and, for a period of not less than one year
      following the consummation of the merger, Phillips agreed to provide
      to all the employees of Tosco who continue to be employed by Phillips
      and its subsidiaries after the merger compensation and employee
      benefits that are, in the aggregate, not less favorable to the Tosco
      employees as the benefits currently provided by Tosco.

  .  
Tax Consequences.
The Tosco Board of Directors considered the fact that
     the merger was expected to be tax-free to Tosco stockholders for U.S.
     federal income tax purposes.

  .  
Opinion of Financial Advisor.
The Tosco Board of Directors considered
     the opinion of Merrill Lynch, Tosco's financial advisor, that, as of the
     date of such opinion, and based upon and subject to the factors and
     assumptions set forth in the opinion, the exchange ratio was fair from a
     financial point of view to the stockholders of Tosco.
See "--Opinion of
     Tosco's Financial Advisor.
"

   The foregoing discussion of the information and factors discussed by the
Tosco Board of Directors is not exhaustive but does include the material
factors considered by the Tosco Board of Directors.
The Tosco Board of
Directors did not quantify or assign any relative or specific weight to the
various factors that it considered.


Rather, the Tosco Board of Directors based its recommendation on the totality
of the information presented to and considered by it.
In addition, individual
members of the Tosco Board of Directors may have given different weights to
different factors.

   
In considering the recommendation of the Tosco Board of Directors to approve
the merger agreement and the merger, Tosco stockholders should be aware that
certain officers and directors of Tosco have certain interests in the proposed
merger, including substantial severance benefits and Mr. O'Malley's employment
with Phillips as Chief Executive Officer of the combined company's RM&T
business, that are different from and in addition to the interests of Tosco
stockholders generally.
The Tosco Board of Directors was aware of these
interests and considered them in approving the merger agreement and the merger.

See "--Interests of Certain Persons in the Merger.
"

   THE TOSCO BOARD OF DIRECTORS UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS THAT TOSCO STOCKHOLDERS
VOTE "FOR" THE APPROVAL OF THE MERGER AND THE MERGER AGREEMENT.


OPINION OF PHILLIPS' FINANCIAL ADVISOR

   Pursuant to an engagement letter dated February 1, 2001, Phillips retained
Morgan Stanley to act as its financial advisor in connection with a possible
acquisition of Tosco.
Morgan Stanley was selected by the Phillips Board of
Directors to act as Phillips' financial advisor based on Morgan Stanley's
qualifications, expertise and reputation and its knowledge of the business and
affairs of Phillips and of Tosco.
At the February 3, 2001 meeting of the
Phillips Board of Directors, Morgan Stanley rendered to the Phillips Board of
Directors an oral opinion, which was confirmed in writing as of February 4,
2001, to the effect that as of such date and based upon and subject to the
various considerations set forth in its opinion, the exchange ratio in the
merger agreement is fair from a financial point of view to Phillips.

   
The full text of the written opinion of Morgan Stanley, dated February 4,
2001, describes among other things, the assumptions made, procedures followed,
matters considered and limitations on the scope of the review undertaken by
Morgan Stanley in rendering its opinion.
The opinion is attached to this joint
proxy statement/prospectus as Appendix B and is incorporated herein by
reference.
This opinion should be read carefully and in its entirety.
Morgan
Stanley's opinion is directed to the Phillips Board of Directors and addresses
only the fairness of the exchange ratio from a financial point of view to
Phillips as of the date of this opinion.
The opinion does not address any other
aspect of the merger and does not constitute a recommendation to any person as
to how to vote with respect to the merger.
The summary of the opinion of Morgan
Stanley described in this joint proxy statement/prospectus is qualified in its
entirety by reference to the full text of the opinion.

   
In connection with rendering its opinion, Morgan Stanley, among other
things:

  .  reviewed certain publicly available financial statements and other
     information of Tosco and Phillips;

  .  reviewed certain internal financial statements and other financial and
     operating data concerning Tosco provided by the management of Phillips;

  .  reviewed certain internal financial statements and other financial and
     operating data concerning Phillips prepared by the management of
     Phillips;

  .  reviewed certain financial projections with respect to the operations of
     Phillips and Tosco prepared by the management of Phillips;

  .  
discussed the past and current operations and financial condition and
     the prospects of Phillips, including information relating to certain
     strategic, financial and operational benefits anticipated from the
     merger, with senior executives of Phillips;

  .  
reviewed the pro forma impact of the merger on Phillips' earnings per
     share, consolidated capitalization and financial ratios;

  .  
reviewed the reported prices and trading activity for Tosco common stock
     and Phillips common stock;

  .  
compared the financial performance of Tosco and the prices and trading
     activity of Tosco common stock with that of certain other comparable
     publicly traded companies and their securities;

  .  
reviewed the financial terms, to the extent publicly available, of
     certain comparable acquisition transactions;

  .  
participated in discussions and negotiations among representatives of
     Tosco and Phillips and their financial and legal advisors;

  .  
reviewed a draft of the merger agreement and certain related documents;
     and

  .  
performed such other analyses and considered such other factors as
     Morgan Stanley deemed appropriate.

   
In rendering its opinion Morgan Stanley assumed and relied upon, without
independent verification, the accuracy and completeness of the information
reviewed by it for the purposes of its opinion.
Morgan Stanley did not receive
financial forecasts or internal financial information for Tosco from Tosco, and
instead relied on the publicly available estimates of selected analysts who
report on Tosco and on certain financial information on Tosco provided by
Phillips.
With respect to the financial projections of Tosco and Phillips,
including information relating to certain strategic, financial and operational
benefits anticipated from the merger, Morgan Stanley assumed that they were
reasonably prepared by management of Phillips on bases reflecting the best
currently available estimates and judgments of the future financial performance
of Phillips and Tosco.
In addition, Morgan Stanley assumed that the merger will
be consummated in accordance with the terms set forth in the merger agreement,
including among other things, that the merger will be treated as a tax-free
reorganization and/or exchange, each pursuant to the Internal Revenue Code of
1986, as amended.
Morgan Stanley did not make any independent valuation or
appraisal of the assets or liabilities of Tosco, nor was it furnished with any
such appraisals.
Morgan Stanley's opinion is necessarily based on economic,
market and other conditions as in effect on, and the information made available
to it as of, the date of its opinion.

   
The following is a brief summary of all material analyses performed by
Morgan Stanley in connection with rendering its oral opinion to the Phillips
Board of Directors and its written opinion letter, dated February 4, 2001.
The
information used by Morgan Stanley in its analyses was as of February 1, 2001.

Some of these summaries of financial analyses include information presented in
tabular format.
In order to understand fully the financial analyses used by
Morgan Stanley, the tables must be read together with the text of each summary.

The tables alone do not constitute a complete description of the financial
analyses.

 
Historical Exchange Ratio Analysis

   Morgan Stanley compared the daily closing share price of Tosco common stock
to the corresponding price of Phillips common stock over various periods during
an eighteen-month period beginning August 1, 1999, and ending February 1, 2001,
and reviewed and analyzed the historical exchange ratios implied by these
comparisons.
The following table presents the implied exchange ratios during
the periods covered and as of February 1, 2001.
The table also presents, for
each implied exchange ratio, the premium implied by the actual exchange ratio
for the merger over the corresponding implied historical exchange ratios.

                                                                
IMPLIED  PREMIUM
                                                                   OF MERGER
                                                       IMPLIED   EXCHANGE RATIO
                                                       EXCHANGE   OVER IMPLIED
  PERIOD                                                RATIO    EXCHANGE RATIO
  ------                                               --------
----------------

  February 1, 2001....................................  0.586         36.6%
  Last 5 Days prior to February 1, 2001...............  0.586         36.4%
  Last 10 Days prior to February 1, 2001..............  0.578         38.5%
  Last 20 Days prior to February 1, 2001..............  0.580         37.9%
  Last 30 Days prior to February 1, 2001..............  0.587         36.4%
  Last 60 Days prior to February 1, 2001..............  0.552         45.0%
  Last 18 Months prior to February 1, 2001............  0.564         41.8%

   Morgan Stanley observed that, based on the actual 0.80-for-one exchange
ratio, the implied merger consideration as of February 1, 2001 (Phillips common
stock price closed at $58.04 per share), for Tosco common stock was $46.43 per
share.

 
Public Market Trading Multiples Valuation

   Morgan Stanley compared various publicly available information of Tosco with
publicly traded companies that share similar characteristics with Tosco.
These
companies included Sunoco Inc., Ultramar Diamond Shamrock Corp. and Valero
Energy Corp.

   Morgan Stanley determined the market capitalization for the comparable
companies based on the closing share price of each company on February 1, 2001.

Morgan Stanley arrived at a range of comparable company multiples by (1)
dividing the market capitalizations by projected earnings and cash flow and (2)
dividing the market capitalization, plus net debt, by earnings before interest,
taxes, depreciation and amortization, or EBITDA, in each case, for each of the
comparable companies for the years 2000, 2001 and 2002 based upon estimates
compiled by First Call Corp. and publicly available Morgan Stanley equity
research.

   
Morgan Stanley then applied these comparable company multiples (ranging
between 7.0-9.0x Tosco's projected earnings for 2001 and 2002, and 4.5-6.0x
Tosco's EBITDA for 2000 and 2001) to the corresponding Tosco statistic estimate
based on publicly available Morgan Stanley equity research.
The resulting
average of these implied valuation ranges was then adjusted for anticipated pro
forma synergies to be realized by Phillips following the merger, as estimated
by Phillips' management.
The resulting valuation range computed by Morgan
Stanley implied an exchange ratio between 0.53 and 0.84 and a premium to the
February 1, 2001 Tosco stock price between (10.3)% and 42.7%.

   
No company utilized in the peer group comparison analysis is identical to
Tosco.
In evaluating the peer group, Morgan Stanley made judgments and
assumptions with regard to industry performance, general business, economic,
market and financial conditions and other matters, many of which are beyond the
control of Tosco.
These other matters include the impact of competition on the
business of Tosco and the industry generally, industry growth and the absence
of any adverse material change in the financial condition and prospects of
Tosco or in the industry or financial markets in general.
Mathematical
analysis, such as determining the average or median, is not in itself a
meaningful method of using peer group data.

 
Equity Research Analyst Price Targets Analysis

   Morgan Stanley reviewed the present value of the twelve-month price target
estimates for Tosco of several published equity research analysts.
The range of
these present values was then adjusted for anticipated pro forma synergies to
be realized by Phillips following the merger, as estimated by Phillips'
management.
The resulting valuation range computed by Morgan Stanley implied an
exchange ratio between 0.60 and 0.93 and a premium to the February 1, 2001
Tosco stock price between 3.0% and 59.6%.

 
Precedent Transactions Analysis

   Morgan Stanley used publicly available information to calculate multiples of
selected financial data paid in several precedent transactions and applied
these multiples to comparable financial data of Tosco.
The transactions
reviewed included, among others, Diamond Shamrock Inc./Ultramar Corp., Total
Petroleum (North America) Ltd./Ultramar Diamond Shamrock Corp. and Basis
Petroleum Inc.
(Salomon Inc.)/Valero Energy Corp.
For the acquired corporation
in each of these transactions, Morgan Stanley calculated (1) EBITDA, (2) cash
flow and (3) earnings, in each case realized or projected during the applicable
transaction year and following year, without giving effect to the impact of the
transaction.
Morgan Stanley then calculated the multiples of the amounts paid
by the acquiror applicable in each precedent transaction and applied these
multiples (ranging from 6.5x to 7.5x realized EBITDA, 6.0x to 7.0x projected
EBITDA , 5.5x to 6.5x projected cash flows and 10.0x to 13.0x projected
earnings) to the corresponding Tosco statistic estimate based on publicly
available Morgan Stanley equity research.
The resulting valuation range
computed by Morgan Stanley implied an exchange ratio between 0.72 and 0.90 and
an implied premium to the February 1, 2001 Tosco stock price between 23.6% and
53.0%.

   
No transaction utilized as a comparison in the precedent transactions
analysis is identical to the merger.
In evaluating the precedent transactions,
Morgan Stanley made judgments and assumptions with regard to industry
performance, general business, economic, market, and financial conditions and
other matters, many of which are beyond the control of Tosco.
These other
matters include the impact of competition on Tosco and the industry generally,
industry growth and the absence of any adverse material change in the financial
condition and prospects of Tosco or in the industry or financial markets in
general.
Mathematical analysis, such as determining the average or median, is
not in itself a meaningful method of using precedent transaction data.

 
Component Asset Purchase Analysis

   Morgan Stanley analyzed financial information for each of Tosco's
substantial assets to arrive at an equity valuation for the entire Tosco
business.
The valuations for each of Tosco's refining and marketing assets
(which constitute substantially all of Tosco's non-cash assets) was implied
from several different methodologies, depending on the type of asset.

   
For the refining assets, Morgan Stanley used a complexity valuation
methodology (which takes into consideration the relative degree of processing
required to produce various output products from a given barrel of crude oil
input) based on publicly available information on Tosco's refinery capacity and
complexity.
Morgan Stanley applied multiples of cost per daily complexity
barrel implied from precedent refinery asset sales that share similar
characteristics with various Tosco refineries to the product of the
corresponding Tosco refinery's daily crude capacity and its complexity.
The
multiples used in this analysis ranged from $150-350 per daily complexity
barrel.
As an additional reference, Morgan Stanley also calculated the value of
Tosco's refining assets using a replacement cost valuation methodology.
In this
method, Morgan Stanley multiplied the product of each Tosco refinery's daily
crude capacity and complexity by a publicly available offsite factor and a
replacement cost per barrel.
A valuation multiple was then applied to this
resulting replacement cost estimate based on precedent refinery asset sales
that shared similar characteristics with the various Tosco refineries.
The
multiples used in this analysis ranged from 0.15x-0.40x replacement cost.

   
For the marketing segment, Morgan Stanley used a valuation methodology based
on publicly available information on precedent sales involving service
stations.
Morgan Stanley applied the average price per service station (which
based on such precedent sales ranged between $300,000-$600,000 per service
station) to the various categories of Tosco owned service stations.

   
The sum of these asset valuations implied an equity value, post adjustment
of net debt, for the entire Tosco business.
This resulting equity value was
then adjusted for a portion of the anticipated pro forma synergies to be
realized by Phillips following the merger, as estimated by Phillips'
management.
The resulting valuation range computed by Morgan Stanley implied an
exchange ratio between 0.44 and 0.75 and an implied premium to the February 1,
2001
Tosco stock price between (24.2)% and 28.0%.

 
Premiums Paid for Public Targets

   Morgan Stanley reviewed the associated premiums to unaffected stock price
(the stock price four weeks prior to the earliest of the deal announcement,
announcement of a competing bid and market rumors) as prepared by Thomson
Financial Securities Data with respect to transactions in which the acquisition
consideration was all stock, all cash or a mix of stock and cash.
The
transactions examined included a number of public acquisitions announced during
the period commencing January 1, 1990 through January 4, 2001.
Based on the
foregoing data, the average premium to unaffected stock price offered in all
stock acquisitions was 41.8% and for all deals, regardless of consideration
type, was 45.6%.
These averages implied an exchange ratio of 0.83 and 0.85,
respectively.

 
Contribution Analysis

   Morgan Stanley reviewed the pro forma contributions of each of Tosco and
Phillips, based on publicly available Morgan Stanley equity research estimates,
to the resulting combined company assuming completion

of the merger and realization of anticipated synergies.
Morgan Stanley reviewed
pro forma estimates of earnings, cash flow and EBITDA, for the years 2000, 2001
and 2002.
The contribution analysis reveals that the relative contributions
made by Tosco and Phillips are consistent with the exchange ratio offered in
the merger.

 
Pro Forma Earnings and Cash Flow Impact Analysis

   Morgan Stanley analyzed the pro forma effects of the merger and computed the
resulting accretion/dilution to the combined enterprise's projected earnings
per share, cash earnings per share and cash flow per share during 2001 and
2002, based on the exchange ratio.
Such computations used (1) earnings
projections for both Phillips and Tosco based on publicly available Morgan
Stanley equity research estimates and I/B/E/S estimates, (2) synergy estimates
provided by Phillips' management and (3) cash flow projections for both
Phillips and Tosco provided by Phillips' management and publicly available
Morgan Stanley equity research.
The analysis indicated that under some oil
price scenarios the merger would be dilutive (or represent a reduction) to
Phillips' estimated earnings per share in 2001 and would be accretive (or
represent an addition) to Phillips' estimated earnings per share in 2002, in
each case as compared to estimates for Phillips on a stand-alone basis.
On a
cash earnings per share basis (in which the transaction-related goodwill
amortization is excluded)
the transaction would be dilutive to cash earnings in
2001 and accretive to cash earnings in 2002.
On a cash flow per share basis the
transaction would be dilutive to Phillips' cash flow both in 2001 and 2002.

   
In connection with the review of the merger by the Phillips Board of
Directors, Morgan Stanley performed a variety of financial and comparative
analyses for purposes of its opinion.
The preparation of a fairness opinion is
a complex process and is not necessarily susceptible to partial analysis or
summary description.
In arriving at its opinion, Morgan Stanley considered the
results of all of its analyses as a whole and did not attribute any particular
weight to any analysis or factor considered by it.
Furthermore, Morgan Stanley
believes that selecting any portion of its analyses, without considering all
analyses, would create an incomplete view of the process underlying its
opinion.
In addition, Morgan Stanley may have given various analyses and
factors more or less weight than other analyses and factors, and may have
deemed various assumptions more or less probable than other assumptions, so
that the ranges of valuations resulting from any particular analysis described
above should not be taken to be Morgan Stanley's view of the actual value of
Phillips or Tosco.

   
In performing its analyses, Morgan Stanley made numerous assumptions with
respect to industry performance, general business and economic condition and
other matters, many of which are beyond the control of Tosco or Phillips.
Any
estimates contained in Morgan Stanley's analyses are not necessarily indicative
of future results or actual values, which may be significantly more or less
favorable than those suggested by such estimates.
The analyses performed were
prepared solely as part of Morgan Stanley's analysis of the fairness of the
exchange ratio in the merger agreement to Phillips.
The analyses do not purport
to be appraisals or to reflect the prices at which Phillips common stock or
Tosco common stock might actually trade.
The exchange ratio and other terms of
the merger agreement were determined through arm's length negotiations between
Phillips and Tosco and were approved by the Phillips Board of Directors.
Morgan
Stanley provided advice to Phillips during such negotiations.
However, Morgan
Stanley did not recommend any specific consideration to Phillips or that any
specific consideration constituted the only appropriate consideration for the
merger.

   
Morgan Stanley's opinion was one of the many factors taken into
consideration by the Phillips Board of Directors in making its determination to
approve the merger.
Morgan Stanley's analyses summarized above should not be
viewed as determinative of the opinion of the Phillips Board of Directors with
respect to the value of Tosco or of whether the Phillips Board of Directors
would have been willing to agree to a different exchange ratio or form of
consideration.

   
Morgan Stanley is an internationally recognized investment banking and
advisory firm.
Morgan Stanley, as part of its investment banking and financial
advisory business, is continuously engaged in the valuation of businesses and
securities in connection with mergers and acquisitions, negotiated
underwritings, competitive biddings, secondary distributions of listed and
unlisted securities, private placements and valuations for

corporate and other purposes.
In addition, Morgan Stanley is a full-service
securities firm engaged in securities trading, brokerage and financing
activities.
In the ordinary course of Morgan Stanley's trading and brokerage
activities, Morgan Stanley or its affiliates may at any time hold long or short
positions, and may trade or otherwise effect transactions for its own account
or the accounts of customers, in debt or equity securities or senior loans of
Phillips or Tosco.

   
Pursuant to an engagement letter, Phillips agreed to pay Morgan Stanley a
customary fee, which is contingent upon the closing of the merger and in part
subject to the discretion of Phillips, and to reimburse Morgan Stanley for any
reasonable expenses incurred in connection with Morgan Stanley's engagement.

Phillips also agreed to indemnify Morgan Stanley and its affiliates, their
respective directors, officers, agents and employees and each person, if any,
controlling Morgan Stanley or any of its affiliates, against certain
liabilities and expenses, including certain liabilities under the federal
securities laws, arising out of Morgan Stanley's engagement.
In the past,
Morgan Stanley and its affiliates have provided financial advisory services to
Tosco and Phillips and have received fees for the rendering of these services.


OPINION OF TOSCO'S FINANCIAL ADVISOR

   On February 4, 2001, Merrill Lynch delivered its written opinion to the
Tosco Board of Directors that as of that date, and based on and subject to the
limitations and considerations stated therein, the exchange ratio was fair from
a financial point of view to holders of Tosco common stock, other than Phillips
and its affiliates.

   
THE FULL TEXT OF MERRILL LYNCH'S OPINION, WHICH DESCRIBES THE ASSUMPTIONS
MADE, PROCEDURES FOLLOWED, MATTERS CONSIDERED AND LIMITATIONS ON THE REVIEW
UNDERTAKEN, IS ATTACHED AS APPENDIX C TO THIS JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS.

HOLDERS OF TOSCO COMMON STOCK SHOULD READ THE OPINION IN ITS ENTIRETY.

REFERENCES TO THE OPINION OF MERRILL LYNCH IN THIS JOINT PROXY
STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS AND THE SUMMARY OF MERRILL LYNCH'S OPINION IN THIS SECTION
OF THE JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS ARE QUALIFIED BY REFERENCE TO THE FULL
TEXT OF THE OPINION.

   
The opinion of Merrill Lynch was addressed to the Tosco Board of Directors
and evaluated only whether the exchange ratio was fair from a financial point
of view to holders of Tosco common stock, other than Phillips and its
affiliates.
The opinion of Merrill Lynch did not address any other aspect of
the merger.
The terms of the merger, including the exchange ratio, were
determined through negotiations between Tosco and Phillips and were not
determined by Merrill Lynch.
Specifically, the opinion of Merrill Lynch did not
address the following:

  .  
the merits of the underlying decision of Tosco to engage in the merger;
     or

  .  
the prices at which Tosco common stock or Phillips common stock will
     trade following the announcement or consummation of the merger.

   
In addition, the opinion of Merrill Lynch did not and does not constitute a
recommendation to any holder of Tosco common stock as to how to vote at the
Tosco special meeting.

   
In arriving at its opinion, Merrill Lynch, among other things:

  .  reviewed certain publicly available business and financial information
     relating to Tosco and Phillips that Merrill Lynch deemed to be relevant;

  .  reviewed certain information, including financial forecasts, relating to
     the business, earnings, cash flow, assets, liabilities and prospects of
     Tosco and Phillips, as well as the amount and timing of the cost savings
     and related expenses and synergies expected to result from the merger
     furnished to Merrill Lynch by Tosco and Phillips, respectively;

  .  
conducted discussions with members of senior management and
     representatives of Tosco and Phillips concerning the financial
     information and forecasts, expected synergies and their respective
     businesses and prospects before and after giving effect to the merger
     and the expected synergies;

  .  
reviewed the market prices and valuation multiples for Tosco common
     stock and Phillips common stock and compared them with certain publicly
     traded companies that Merrill Lynch deemed to be relevant;

  .  
reviewed the results of operations of Tosco and Phillips and compared
     them with those of certain publicly traded companies that Merrill Lynch
     deemed to be relevant;

  .  
compared the proposed financial terms of the merger with the financial
     terms of certain other transactions that Merrill Lynch deemed to be
     relevant;

  .  
reviewed the potential pro forma impact of the merger;

  .  
reviewed a draft of the merger agreement dated February 2, 2001; and

  .  reviewed such other financial studies and analyses and took into account
     such other matters as Merrill Lynch deemed necessary, including an
     assessment of general economic, market and monetary conditions.

   
In preparing its opinion, Merrill Lynch has assumed and relied on the
accuracy and completeness of all information supplied or otherwise made
available to it, discussed with or reviewed by it, or that was publicly
available, and Merrill Lynch has not assumed any responsibility for
independently verifying such information or undertaken an independent
evaluation or appraisal of any of the assets or liabilities of Tosco or
Phillips or been furnished with any such evaluation or appraisal.
In addition,
Merrill Lynch has not assumed any obligation to conduct, nor has it conducted,
any physical inspection of the properties or facilities of Tosco or Phillips.

With respect to financial forecast information concerning Tosco and Phillips,
Merrill Lynch relied on information provided by management of Tosco or
Phillips, as the case may be.
With respect to the expected synergies, Merrill
Lynch relied on information provided by management of Tosco.

   
In addition, Merrill Lynch assumed, among other things, the following:

  .  
the financial forecasts concerning Tosco and Phillips and the expected
     synergies have been reasonably prepared and reflect the best currently
     available estimates and judgments of management of Tosco or Phillips, as
     the case may be;

  .  
the merger would qualify as a tax-free reorganization for U.S. federal
     income tax purposes and would be accounted for as a purchase under U.S.
     generally accepted accounting principles;

  .  
in the course of obtaining the necessary regulatory or other consents or
     approvals (contractual or otherwise) for the merger, no restrictions,
     including any divestiture requirements or modifications will be imposed
     that will have a material adverse effect on the benefits of the merger;
     and

  .  
the merger agreement would be substantially similar to the last draft of
     such document reviewed by Merrill Lynch.

   
The Merrill Lynch opinion was necessarily based upon market, economic and
other conditions as they existed and could be evaluated, and on the information
made available to Merrill Lynch, as of the date of its opinion.
The matters
considered by Merrill Lynch in arriving at its opinion are based on numerous
macroeconomic, operating and financial assumptions with respect to industry
performance, general business and economic conditions, many of which are beyond
the control of Tosco and Phillips, and involve the application of complex
methodologies and educated judgment.
Any estimates incorporated in the analyses
performed by Merrill Lynch are not necessarily indicative of actual past or
future results or values, which may be significantly more or less favorable
than these estimates.
Estimated values do not purport to be appraisals and do
not necessarily reflect the price at which businesses or companies may be sold
in the future, and these estimates are inherently subject to uncertainty.

   
In connection with the preparation of its opinion, Merrill Lynch has not
been authorized by Tosco or the Tosco Board of Directors to solicit, nor has
Merrill Lynch solicited, third-party indications of interest for the
acquisition of all or any part of Tosco.

   
The following is a summary of the principal financial and comparative
analyses presented to the Tosco Board of Directors by Merrill Lynch in
connection with the delivery of its opinion on February 4, 2001.
In preparing
its opinion, Merrill Lynch did not perform a standalone valuation of either
Tosco or Phillips due to the extreme sensitivity such an analysis would have on
assumptions regarding market prices of oil and gas.

 
Historical Stock Trading Analysis

   Merrill Lynch reviewed the per share daily closing market prices of Tosco
common stock and Phillips common stock for each of the one and three-year
periods ending February 2, 2001.
In constructing this analysis, Merrill Lynch
divided the daily closing market price for Tosco common stock by the daily
closing market price for Phillips common stock for each of the one and three-
year periods to determine a range of implied exchange ratios.
This analysis
yielded a range of implied exchange ratios of 0.45 to 0.75 for the one-year
trading period and 0.43 to 0.80 for the three-year trading period.

 
Relative Contribution Analysis

   Utilizing projections provided by the managements of Tosco and Phillips,
referred to as the management estimates, and selected Wall Street research
analysts' estimates, referred to as the street estimates, Merrill Lynch
reviewed Tosco's and Phillips' estimated relative contribution to pro forma
EBITDA and net income of the combined company for the years 2000, 2001 and
2002.
The analysis yielded a range of implied exchange ratios of 0.48 to 0.64
and 0.44 to 0.82 for the EBITDA and net income contributions, respectively,
based on the management estimates.
The analysis yielded a range of implied
exchange ratios of 0.48 to 0.69 and 0.44 to 0.72 for the EBITDA and net income
contributions, respectively, based on the street estimates.

 
Relative Discounted Cash Flow Analysis

   Utilizing the management estimates and the street estimates, Merrill Lynch
compared the discounted cash flow of Tosco and Phillips to calculate a range of
implied exchange ratios.
For purposes of this analysis, Merrill Lynch applied
discount rates ranging from 10.0% to 12.0% and terminal multiples of projected
2005 EBITDA ranging from 5.0x to 6.0x for Tosco, and discount rates ranging
from 9.0% to 11.0% and terminal multiples of projected 2005 earnings before
interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization and exploration expense, or EBITDE,
ranging from 4.5x to 5.5x for Phillips.
Without giving effect to any expected
synergies, this analysis yielded a range of implied exchange ratios of 0.67 to
0.74 based on the management estimates and a range of implied exchange ratios
of 0.60 to 0.66 based on the street estimates.

 
Pro Forma Merger Consequences Analysis

   Merrill Lynch analyzed the impact of the merger on the projected earnings
per share of Phillips for each of the years 2001 and 2002.
Such analysis was
conducted using both the management estimates and the street estimates,
assuming in each case a 100% stock-for-stock purchase accounting transaction at
a fixed exchange ratio of 0.80.
The analysis also assumed the elimination of
systematic amortization of goodwill as proposed by the Financial Accounting
Standards Board and the realization of expected synergies of $125 million in
2001 and $250 million in 2002.
The analysis contemplated two scenarios, one
involving a stock repurchase by Phillips for approximately $930 million of
Phillips common stock and the other involving no stock repurchase.
Under the
first scenario, assuming the stock repurchase by Phillips, the analysis
indicated that the merger would be dilutive to Phillips' earnings per share by
1.3%, based on the management estimates, and 9.3%, based on the street
estimates, in 2001, and accretive to Phillips' earnings per share by 9.4%,
based on the management estimates, and 5.0%, based on the street estimates, in
2002.
Under the second scenario, assuming no stock repurchase by Phillips, the
analysis indicated that the merger would be dilutive to Phillips' earnings per
share by 2.4%, based on the management estimates, and 10.4%, based on the
street estimates, in 2001, and accretive to Phillips' earnings per share by
6.9%, based on the management estimates, and 3.0%, based on the street
estimates, in 2002.
There can be no assurance that the combined company will be
able to realize the expected synergies in the amounts estimated by management,
or at all, following the merger.
The actual results achieved by Phillips may
vary from projected results and the variations may be material.

 
Analysis of Selected Comparable Public Companies of Tosco

   Merrill Lynch reviewed and compared selected historical and projected
financial, operating and stock market performance data of Tosco to the
corresponding data of each of Sunoco, Inc., Tesoro Petroleum Corporation,
Ultramar Diamond Shamrock Corporation and Valero Energy Corporation.
These
comparable companies were chosen because they are publicly traded companies
with operations that for purposes of this analysis may be considered reasonably
similar to the operations of Tosco.
For each of the comparable companies,
Merrill Lynch calculated multiples of equity value to actual net income and
cash flow for the year ended December 31, 2000 and estimated net income and
cash flow for the years ended December 31, 2001 and 2002.
Merrill Lynch also
calculated multiples of enterprise value to actual EBITDA for the year ended
December 31, 2000 and estimated EBITDA for the years ended December 31, 2001
and 2002.
Merrill Lynch then compared the multiples of each of the comparable
companies to the corresponding multiples of Tosco using financial data based on
each of the management estimates and the street estimates.

 
Analysis of Selected Comparable Public Companies of Phillips

   Merrill Lynch reviewed and compared selected historical and projected
financial, operating and stock market performance data of Phillips to the
corresponding data of each of Amerada Hess Corporation, Conoco Inc., Murphy Oil
Corporation and Occidental Petroleum Corporation.
These comparable companies
were chosen because they are publicly traded companies with operations that for
purposes of this analysis may be considered reasonably similar to the
operations of Phillips.
For each of the comparable companies, Merrill Lynch
calculated multiples of equity value to actual net income and cash flow for the
year ended December 31, 2000 and estimated net income and cash flow for the
years ended December 31, 2001 and 2002.
Merrill Lynch also calculated multiples
of enterprise value to actual EBITDE for the year ended December 31, 2000 and
estimated EBITDE for the years ended December 31, 2001 and 2002.
Merrill Lynch
then compared the multiples of each of the comparable companies to the
corresponding multiples of Phillips using financial data based on each of the
management estimates and the street estimates.

 
Selected Comparable Transactions Analysis

   Using publicly available information, Merrill Lynch reviewed information
relating to the following selected comparable acquisition transactions in the
petroleum refining, marketing and transportation industry:

   DATE ANNOUNCED   ACQUIROR                  TARGET
   --------------   --------                  ------

   August 2000      Apex Oil                  Crown Central
   July 2000        Ultramar Diamond Shamrock Tosco--Avon
   May 2000         Alon Israel               PetroFina--Southwest Division
   March 2000       Valero Energy Corp.       ExxonMobil
   November 1999    Frontier Oil              Equilon--El Dorado
   July 1998        Clark U.S.A.--Lima, Ohio  British Petroleum
   May 1998         Tesoro Petroleum Corp.    Shell--Anacortes
   May 1998         Valero Energy Corp.       Mobil--Paulsboro
   March 1998       Tesoro Petroleum Corp.    BHP--Hawaii
   February 1998    PDVSA                     Amerada Hess--St. Croix
   November 1997    Blackstone                Clark USA
   April 1997       Ultramar Diamond          Total Petroleum
   March 1997       Valero Energy Corp.       Basis Petroleum
   November 1996    Tosco Corp.               76 Products (Unocal)
   September 1996   Ultramar Corp.            Diamond Shamrock
   February 1996    Tosco Corp.               Circle K Corp.
   November 1995    Diamond Shamrock          Nat'l Convenience Stores

   For the selected comparable transactions, Merrill Lynch calculated multiples
of transaction value to latest twelve months EBITDA both with and without pro
forma synergies and compared those multiples with the comparable multiples
implied by the exchange ratio at a range of trading prices for Phillips common
stock.

   
No transaction utilized in the comparable transaction analysis is identical
to the merger in both timing and size, and, accordingly, an analysis of the
results of the foregoing necessarily involves complex considerations and
judgments concerning differences in financial and operating characteristics of
Tosco and other factors that would affect the acquisition value of the
companies to which it is being compared.

   
The summary of analyses performed by Merrill Lynch described above does not
purport to be a complete description of the analyses performed by Merrill Lynch
in arriving at its opinion.
The preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex
process and is not necessarily susceptible to partial or summary description.

Accordingly, Merrill Lynch believes that its analysis must be considered as a
whole and that selecting portions of its analyses and the factors considered by
Merrill Lynch, without considering all factors and analyses, could create an
incomplete view of the processes underlying the opinion of Merrill Lynch.

Merrill Lynch did not assign relative weight to any of its analyses in
preparing its opinion.

   
No transaction utilized as a comparison in any of the analysis described
earlier is identical to the merger.
An analysis of publicly traded comparable
companies and comparable acquisition transactions is not mathematical; rather
it involves complex considerations and judgments concerning differences in
financial and operating characteristics of the comparable companies involved
and other factors that could affect the public trading value of the comparable
companies or the company to which they are being compared.

   
The Tosco Board of Directors retained Merrill Lynch to act as its financial
advisor based upon Merrill Lynch's reputation as an internationally recognized
investment banking firm with substantial experience in mergers and acquisitions
transactions.
As part of Merrill Lynch's investment banking businesses, Merrill
Lynch is continually engaged in the valuation of businesses and their
securities in connection with mergers and acquisitions, leveraged buyouts,
negotiated underwritings, secondary distributions of listed and unlisted
securities and private placements.

   
Pursuant to the engagement letter, dated as of January 31, 2001, between
Tosco and Merrill Lynch, Tosco agreed to pay Merrill Lynch a fee of $1.0
million upon execution of the merger agreement.
Merrill Lynch will be entitled
to a fee of $5.0 million to $12.0 million upon completion of the merger, with
the exact amount to be determined at the discretion of Tosco based on the
quality and extent of the service provided by Merrill Lynch.

Any fees previously paid to Merrill Lynch upon execution of the merger
agreement will be deducted from any fee to which Merrill Lynch becomes entitled
upon completion of the merger.
Tosco has also agreed to reimburse Merrill Lynch
for the expenses reasonably incurred by it in connection with its engagement
(including reasonable fees and disbursements of its legal counsel) and to
indemnify Merrill Lynch and its affiliates from and against specified
liabilities, including liabilities under the federal securities laws, arising
out of its engagement.

   
Merrill Lynch has, in the past, provided financial advisory services to
Tosco and Phillips and/or their respective affiliates and may continue to do so
and has received, and may receive, fees for the rendering of such services.
In
addition, in the ordinary course of its business, Merrill Lynch and its
affiliates may actively trade Tosco common stock, as well as Phillips common
stock, for their own accounts and for the accounts of their customers.

Accordingly, Merrill Lynch and its affiliates may at any time hold a long or
short position in these securities.


REGULATORY APPROVALS REQUIRED FOR THE MERGER

   Phillips and Tosco cannot complete the merger until they have filed
notifications with the Antitrust Division and the Federal Trade Commission
under the HSR Act, and the applicable rules of the Federal Trade Commission,
and specified waiting periods have expired or terminated.
Each of Phillips and
Tosco expects to file a Premerger Notification and Report Form in connection
with the merger shortly.

   
Phillips and Tosco believe that the proposed merger is compatible with U.S.
antitrust laws.
However, at any time before or after consummation of the
merger, the Antitrust Division, the Federal Trade Commission,

other governmental authorities or private persons could take action against the
merger under the antitrust laws, including seeking to enjoin consummation of
the merger, rescind the merger, cause Phillips or Tosco to divest, in whole or
in part, any of their assets or businesses, and/or recover monetary damages.
We
can give no assurance that a challenge to the merger on antitrust grounds will
not be made or, if such challenge is made, that it would not be successful.

   
Phillips and Tosco have filed an application with the California Public
Utilities Commission for an order approving the change of control of a common
carrier petroleum pipeline in California that is part of the system acquired by
Tosco from Unocal Corporation.
Phillips and Tosco will file a notification
regarding the merger with the Italian Antitrust Authority pursuant to Italian
merger control legislation.
We also may be required to obtain regulatory
approvals from various other state and foreign authorities.
See "The Merger
Agreement--Additional Covenants--Reasonable Best Efforts" and "The Merger
Agreement--Conditions."


MATERIAL U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES

   The following general discussion summarizes the anticipated material U.S.
federal income tax consequences of the merger to holders of Tosco common stock
that exchange their Tosco common stock for Phillips common stock in the merger.

This discussion addresses only those Tosco stockholders that hold their Tosco
common stock as a capital asset, and does not address all the U.S. federal
income tax consequences that may be relevant to particular Tosco stockholders
in light of their individual circumstances or to Tosco stockholders that are
subject to special rules, such as:

  .
financial institutions;

  .
mutual funds;

  .
tax-exempt organizations;

  .
insurance companies;

  .
dealers in securities or foreign currencies;

  .
traders in securities that elect to apply a mark-to-market method of
    accounting;

  .
foreign holders;

  .
persons that hold their shares as a hedge against currency risk or as
    part of a straddle, constructive sale or conversion transaction; or

  .
holders that acquired their shares upon the exercise of Tosco stock
    options or otherwise as compensation.

   
The following discussion is not binding on the Internal Revenue Service.
It
is based upon the Internal Revenue Code, laws, regulations, rulings and
decisions in effect as of the date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus,
all of which are subject to change, possibly with retroactive effect.
Tax
consequences under state, local and foreign laws and U.S. federal laws other
than U.S. federal income tax laws, are not addressed.

   
Holders of Tosco common stock are strongly urged to consult their tax
advisors as to the specific tax consequences to them of the merger, including
the applicability and effect of U.S. federal, state and local and foreign
income and other tax laws in their particular circumstances.

   
The parties have structured the merger so that it is anticipated that the
merger will be a reorganization for U.S. federal income tax purposes.
It is a
condition to the consummation of the merger that (1) Tosco receive a written
opinion from Stroock & Stroock & Lavan LLP, counsel to Tosco, dated the closing
date of the merger, to the effect that for U.S. federal income tax purposes the
merger will constitute a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of
the Internal Revenue Code and (2) Phillips receive a written opinion from
Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz, counsel to Phillips, dated the closing date of
the merger, to the effect that for

U.S. federal income tax purposes the merger will constitute a reorganization
within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code.
The opinions
will be based on customary assumptions and customary representations made by,
among others, Tosco and Phillips.
An opinion of counsel represents counsel's
best legal judgment and is not binding on the Internal Revenue Service or any
court.
No ruling has been, or will be, sought from the Internal Revenue Service
as to the U.S. federal income tax consequences of the merger.

   
Assuming the merger qualifies as a reorganization within the meaning of
Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code, holders of Tosco common stock that
exchange their Tosco common stock solely for Phillips common stock in the
merger will not recognize gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes,
except with respect to cash, if any, they receive in lieu of a fractional share
of Phillips common stock.
Each holder's aggregate tax basis in the Phillips
common stock received in the merger will be the same as that holder's aggregate
tax basis in the Tosco common stock surrendered in the merger, decreased by the
amount of any tax basis allocable to any fractional share interest for which
cash is received.
The holding period of the Phillips common stock received in
the merger by a holder of Tosco common stock will include the holding period of
Tosco common stock that the holder surrendered in the merger.

   
A holder of Tosco common stock that receives cash in lieu of a fractional
share of Phillips common stock will recognize gain or loss equal to the
difference between the amount of cash received and that holder's tax basis in
the Phillips common stock that is allocable to the fractional share of Phillips
common stock.
That gain or loss generally will constitute capital gain or loss.

In the case of an individual stockholder, any such capital gain generally will
be subject to a maximum U.S. federal income tax rate of 20% if the individual
has held his or her Tosco common stock for more than 12 months on the date of
the merger.
The deductibility of capital losses is subject to limitations for
both individuals and corporations.


ACCOUNTING TREATMENT

   
The merger is expected to be accounted for using purchase accounting.
The
purchase price (based on the price of Phillips common stock on and about
February 5, 2001) will be allocated to Tosco's identifiable assets and
liabilities based on their estimated fair market values at the date of the
completion of the merger, and any excess of the purchase price over those fair
market values will be accounted for as goodwill.
The results of final
valuations of property, plant and equipment, and intangible and other assets
and the finalization of any potential plans of restructuring have not yet been
completed.
We may revise the allocation of the purchase price when additional
information becomes available.

   
Under present U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, goodwill is
amortized over its useful life, not to exceed 40 years.
The Financial
Accounting Standards Board is expected to issue a proposal in the near term to
replace amortization of goodwill with a periodic assessment for impairment.

   
The unaudited pro forma combined financial information contained in this
joint proxy statement/prospectus has been prepared using the purchase method to
account for the merger, without taking into account the potential benefits of
any changes in accounting rules for goodwill.
See "Unaudited Pro Forma Combined
Financial Information.
"

INTERESTS OF CERTAIN PERSONS IN THE MERGER

   Certain members of Tosco's management and the Tosco Board of Directors may
have interests in the merger that are in addition to their interests as Tosco
stockholders generally.
The Phillips Board of Directors and the Tosco Board of
Directors were aware of these interests and considered them, among other
matters, in approving and/or adopting the merger agreement and the merger.

 
Agreements

   For several years, Tosco has had agreements with Thomas D. O'Malley,
Jefferson F. Allen, and Wilkes McClave.
Pursuant to these agreements, each of
these executives is entitled, upon his termination of employment with Tosco in
conjunction with, or after, a change of control, including the approval of the
merger

by Tosco stockholders, to receive a lump sum severance payment equal to three
times the sum of his base salary and of the average of his bonuses for each of
the two years immediately preceding the year of stockholder approval of the
merger.
For purposes of these agreements, all three of these executives plan to
terminate their employment in connection with the merger.
The severance amounts
that would be due Messrs. O'Malley, Allen, and McClave upon a termination in
2001 following stockholder approval of the merger would be $27,197,000,
$14,754,000 and $10,892,000, respectively.
In addition, each of these
executives will be entitled under his agreement to receive a gross-up payment
for any excise taxes that are triggered by payments that he receives in
connection with the merger.

   
Under an agreement between Robert Lavinia and Tosco, Tosco must inform Mr.
Lavinia, within ten days of stockholder approval of the merger, whether it
wishes to extend his employment for another six months.
If Tosco declines to do
so, it must pay him severance equal to two years of base salary.
If Tosco does
wish to extend Mr. Lavinia's employment for six months, Mr. Lavinia forfeits
all severance if he declines the extension.
If Mr. Lavinia accepts the
extension, Mr. Lavinia and Tosco are to work during the six-month period to
agree on terms of a new agreement.
If Tosco and Mr. Lavinia fail to reach
agreement, Mr. Lavinia is entitled to 18 months' base salary as severance at
the end of the six-month period.
Mr. Lavinia's base salary is currently
$500,000, so he could receive up to $1,000,000 in the aggregate in connection
with a termination following stockholder approval of the merger.

   
Under an agreement between Peter A. Sutton and Tosco, Tosco must inform Mr.
Sutton, within ten days of stockholder approval of the merger, whether it
wishes to extend his employment for another three months.
If Tosco declines to
do so, it must pay Mr. Sutton severance equal to two years of base salary.
If
Tosco does wish to extend his employment for three months, Mr. Sutton forfeits
all severance if he declines the extension.
If Mr. Sutton accepts the
extension, Mr. Sutton and Tosco are to work during the three-month period to
agree on terms of a new agreement.
If Tosco and Mr. Sutton fail to reach
agreement, Mr. Sutton is entitled to 18 months' base salary as severance at the
end of the three-month period.
Mr. Sutton's base salary is currently $400,000,
so he could receive up to $800,000 in the aggregate in connection with a
termination following stockholder approval of the merger.

   
In addition, Tosco has entered into agreements with the following officers
(which are not affected by a change of control), pursuant to which the officers
would receive severance in a multiple of base annual salary upon a termination
by Tosco without cause, as defined in each of their agreements, or upon a
voluntary termination by the officer for good reason, as defined in each of
their agreements: Craig R. Deasy, William E. Hantke, Ann Farner Miller, Richard
W. Reinken, Robert I. Santo, Wanda Williams and Dwight L. Wiggins.
Upon a
termination in 2001, these executive officers would receive $600,000, $525,000,
$600,000, $500,000, $350,000, $400,000 and $1,000,000 respectively.

 
O'Malley Employment Letter

   
In connection with the merger, Phillips and Mr. O'Malley entered into a
letter agreement, dated February 4, 2001, and will enter into an employment
agreement upon completion of the merger on substantially the same terms as the
letter agreement.
The merger agreement, together with the letter agreement,
provide that Mr. O'Malley serve as a director of Phillips and, at the
discretion of the Phillips Board of Directors and the Chief Executive Officer
of Phillips, Vice Chairman of the Phillips Board of Directors and Chief
Executive Officer of Phillips' RM&T operations commencing upon the completion
of the merger.
In exchange for his services, Mr. O'Malley will receive, among
other things, an annual base salary of $800,000, and benefits and bonus
normally associated with a Phillips senior executive position.
Phillips will
have the right to terminate Mr. O'Malley's position as Chief Executive Officer
of Phillips' RM&T division upon payment of three months' salary, plus any
accrued benefits and bonus.
Through the end of 2001, Mr. O'Malley will maintain
his current office in Old Greenwich, Connecticut, after which his main office
will be at Tosco's offices in Tempe, Arizona.
The executive area of Tosco's
current offices in Old Greenwich will be maintained for the duration of Mr.
O'Malley's employment.
Thereafter, Mr. O'Malley will have the option to
sublease that space at the existing terms.
Mr. O'Malley will remain entitled to
the severance benefits under his employment agreement upon his termination of
employment with Tosco in conjunction with the merger.

 
Accelerated Payment of LTIP Awards

   Pursuant to Tosco's 1996 long term incentive plan, as long as Tosco common
stock achieves a minimum threshold during a measurement period, each
participant earns a deemed vested amount per performance unit granted under the
plan equal to the difference between the highest 15-day rolling average price
of Tosco common stock for that measurement period and a baseline specified in
the grant document (typically, the fair market value of Tosco common stock on
the date of grant, subject to adjustment).
Every year, the baseline is raised
to an escalating specified amount or the highest 15-day rolling average that
was used in calculation of the previous measurement period's deemed vested
amounts, whichever is higher.
Ordinarily, 50% of accumulated deemed vested
amounts is paid out at the end of each measurement period, and the remaining
50% is held in the deemed vested amount account subject to forfeiture under
specified circumstances.
At the end of the entire grant cycle (typically five
years), all unpaid deemed vested amounts are distributed.
However, upon a
change of control, including approval of the merger by Tosco stockholders, each
participant will be entitled to receive an immediate payout of all unpaid
deemed vested amounts (as defined in the plan), or, if greater, an amount equal
to (1) the product of the number of shares of Tosco common stock underlying the
participant's performance units multiplied by the excess of the fair market
value of shares of Tosco common stock on the date of the change of control over
the initial baseline (not adjusted to reflect increases based on highest
rolling averages) minus (2) any already paid deemed vested amounts.
Messrs.
O'Malley, Allen, McClave, Lavinia, Wiggins, Sutton and Reinken hold outstanding
performance units.
Assuming that the average of the high and low trading prices
of Tosco common stock is $45 per share on the date of the change of control,
these individuals will be entitled upon the change of control to payments of
$13,559,790, $9,440,494, $8,235,676, $4,642,504, $4,642,504, $1,287,500 and
$321,875, respectively.
The awards under this plan will continue in effect
after the merger, with the price of Phillips common stock used as the barometer
for achievement and with the baseline after the change of control raised to
reflect the per share value of Phillips common stock that corresponds (based on
the exchange ratio) to the value of Tosco common stock on the date of the
change of control.

 
Bonuses

   Under Tosco's corporate incentive plan, annual bonus amounts are tied to the
operating earnings per share of Tosco common stock.
For the year in which
stockholder approval of the merger occurs, bonuses will be computed for all
participants, consisting of Messrs. O'Malley, Allen, McClave, Lavinia, Wiggins,
Sutton and Reinken, based on the higher of annualized earnings for that year
prior to the stockholder approval of the merger, or the actual full-year
company performance.
If, during the year of stockholder approval of the merger,
a participant is terminated without cause or voluntarily terminates employment
for good reason after approval of the merger by Tosco stockholders, or in
connection with the merger, he or she is entitled to an estimated bonus payment
within five days of the termination based upon Tosco's annualized earnings for
that year prior to the stockholder approval of the merger, and then a final
payment if necessary at the end of the plan year.
In the absence of a
stockholder approval of the merger, the bonus would be pro-rated upon a
termination of the employee's employment during a plan year.
All other officers
of Tosco participate in a cash incentive plan that pays a percentage of salary
based on the attainment of certain levels of operating earnings.

 
Stock Option Plans

   Under Tosco's stock option plans and under Tosco's directors stock plan, all
options or shares which have been granted or issued but not yet vested will
become vested upon completion of the merger.
As of May 1, 2001, Messrs. Duane
B. Bordvick, Deasy, Hantke, Reinken, Santo and Sutton and Mmes.
Farner Miller
and Williams will hold unvested options on 15,500, 17,000, 15,000, 17,000,
13,000, 66,000, 15,000 and 17,000 shares of Tosco common stock, respectively.

 
Senior Executive Retirement Plan

   In 1990, Tosco adopted a senior executive retirement plan to provide
retirement pension and medical benefits to selected senior executives and their
beneficiaries.
Messrs. Allen, Lavinia, McClave, O'Malley, Sutton and Wiggins
are eligible for benefits under the Tosco senior executive retirement plan.

   
Generally, normal retirement age is 65 with early retirement benefits
(reduced by 1% for each year preceding age 65) commencing at age 55 and three
years of credited service.
Messrs. Allen, McClave and O'Malley each has 11
years of credited service, Mr. Sutton has nine years of credited service and
each of Messrs. Lavinia and Wiggins has seven years and seven months of
credited service, under the Tosco senior executive retirement plan as of
December 31, 2000.
Each of the above-named participants is eligible to receive
retirement benefits under the Tosco senior executive retirement plan since they
are all at least age 55 or deemed to be age 55.

 
McClave Retirement Enhancement

   Pursuant to a previous agreement between Mr. McClave and Tosco, Mr. McClave
has agreed to assist Tosco in any transaction that may result in a change of
control.
If a change of control occurs before Mr. McClave reaches the age of 55
(at the anticipated time of completion of the merger he will be approximately
54.3), for purposes of any termination or retirement in connection with or
following a change of control, he will be treated as if he were 55.
As a
result, Mr. McClave will receive benefit enhancements under the Tosco senior
executive retirement plan, as described above.

 
Indemnification; Directors and Officers Liability Insurance

   
The merger agreement provides that, for a period of six years following
completion of the merger, Phillips will indemnify and hold harmless, and
provide advancement of expenses to, all past and present directors, officers or
employees of Tosco or any of its subsidiaries, to the same extent these
individuals were indemnified or had the right to advancement of expenses as of
the date of the merger agreement pursuant to their respective charters, by-laws
or indemnification agreements, if any, in existence on the date of the merger
agreement with any of these directors, officers or employees of Tosco or any of
its subsidiaries for acts or omissions occurring at or prior to the completion
of the merger.
The merger agreement further provides that Phillips also will
cause current Tosco policies of directors' and officers' liability insurance
and fiduciary liability insurance to be maintained for a period of six years
after completion of the merger (provided that Phillips may substitute policies
of at least the same coverage and amounts containing terms and conditions that
are, in the aggregate, no less advantageous to the insured) with respect to
claims arising from facts or events that occurred on or before completion of
the merger.
However, Phillips will not be required to expend more than 200% of
the current amounts expended by Tosco for its policies.
If the annual premiums
exceed this amount, then Phillips is obligated to obtain a policy with the
greatest coverage available for the above-mentioned amount.
See "The Merger
Agreement--Additional Covenants--Insurance and Indemnification.
"

   Since 1987, Tosco has entered into indemnity agreements with its directors
and some of its officers which provide for Tosco to indemnify these individuals
against expenses incurred by them in any proceedings which may be maintained
against them by reason of any action or omission to act by these individuals in
their capacity as directors, officers, employees, agents or fiduciaries of
Tosco.
Tosco's obligations are subject to specified limitations, including the
limitation that no payment will be made that is prohibited by applicable law.

The indemnity agreements provide for the advancement of expenses incurred in
advance of the final disposition of any proceedings and require Tosco to
establish a trust for the benefit of the indemnified persons.
In the event of a
change of control, Tosco will, from time to time upon written request, fund the
trust in an amount sufficient to satisfy any and all expenses reasonably
anticipated to be incurred in connection with any proceedings.
In addition,
after a change of control, determinations of whether directors are entitled to
indemnification are to be made by independent legal counsel selected by the
indemnitee, or, at the option of the indemnitee, by the disinterested directors
of the Tosco Board of Directors.
Prior to change of control, these
determinations are made by the disinterested members of the Tosco Board of
Directors, or, if there is no quorum of disinterested directors, by independent
legal counsel selected by the directors.
The merger constitutes a change in
control under these indemnity agreements.


MANAGEMENT AND OPERATIONS FOLLOWING THE MERGER

   Phillips expects that, initially following completion of the merger, the
businesses and operations of Tosco will, except as described in this joint
proxy statement/prospectus, be continued substantially as they are

currently being conducted.
Phillips will continue to evaluate the business and
operations of Tosco while the merger is pending and after the merger is
completed, and will take those actions it deems appropriate under the
circumstances that then exist.
Phillips intends to undertake a comprehensive
review of Tosco's business, operations, capitalization and management with a
view to optimizing development of Tosco's potential in conjunction with
Phillips' business.

   
As described above, at the time the merger is completed, Phillips will
appoint Mr. O'Malley to serve as a director of Phillips and, at the discretion
of the Phillips Board of Directors and the Chief Executive Officer of Phillips,
as Vice Chairman of Phillips and head of Phillips' RM&T operations (which then
will include Tosco's RM&T operations).
Mr. O'Malley will have primary
responsibility for assisting in the orderly integration of Tosco's operations
with Phillips' RM&T operations during the transition period and the
establishment of a management team for the integrated RM&T operations drawing
from the best employees of each of Phillips and Tosco.
Immediately following
the completion of the merger, Phillips will enter into an employment agreement
with Mr. O'Malley on substantially the terms described in the letter agreement
between Phillips and Mr. O'Malley.

   
Phillips has agreed that, as soon as practicable following completion of the
merger, the executive headquarters for the combined RM&T operations of both
Tosco and Phillips will be in the Phoenix, Arizona area.

                             
THE MERGER AGREEMENT

   
The following is a summary of the material terms and provisions of the
merger agreement.
The merger agreement is attached as Appendix A to this joint
proxy statement/prospectus and incorporated by reference in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus.
We encourage you to carefully read the complete merger
agreement for the precise legal terms of the merger agreement and other
information that may be important to you.


MERGER CONSIDERATION

   
The merger agreement provides that each share of Tosco common stock
outstanding immediately prior to the completion of the merger will be
converted into the right to receive 0.80 of a share of Phillips common stock.

Tosco stockholders will be paid cash in lieu of any fractional share of
Phillips common stock to which they would otherwise be entitled.


TREATMENT OF OPTIONS

   Upon completion of the merger, each outstanding Tosco stock option will be
converted into a stock option to purchase a number of shares of Phillips
common stock that is equal to the product of 0.80 multiplied by the number of
shares of Tosco common stock that would have been obtained before the merger
upon the exercise of the Tosco stock option, rounded to the nearest whole
share.
The exercise price per share will be equal to the exercise price per
share of Tosco common stock subject to the Tosco stock option before the
conversion divided by 0.80, rounded to the nearest whole cent.
All Tosco stock
options that have not vested under the Tosco stock option plans will vest upon
completion of the merger.
The other terms of each Tosco stock option will
continue to apply.
The conversion of Tosco stock options that qualify as
"incentive stock options" under the Internal Revenue Code will be effected in
a manner that is consistent with Section 424(a) of the Internal Revenue Code.

   
In the event that the employment of a Tosco employee is terminated before
the completion of the merger, Tosco may elect, in its sole discretion and with
the consent of the employee, to cancel that employee's Tosco stock options for
an amount in cash equal to the product of the excess, if any, of:

     (1) the closing price of Tosco common stock on the date of the
  termination of employment over

     (2) the per share exercise price of the Tosco stock option

times the number of shares of Tosco common stock subject to the Tosco stock
option immediately following the employee's termination, less required tax
withholdings.

   
Similarly, in the event that the employment of a Tosco employee is
terminated after the completion of the merger but within six months after the
completion of the merger, Phillips may elect, in its sole discretion and with
the consent of the employee, to cancel the Phillips stock options into which
that employee's Tosco stock options were converted in exchange for cash.
For
each Phillips stock option so canceled, the option holder will be paid an
amount in cash equal to the product of the excess, if any, of:

     (1) the closing price of Phillips common stock on the date of the
  termination of employment over

     (2) the per share exercise price of the Phillips stock option

times the number of shares of Phillips common stock subject to the Phillips
stock option immediately following the employee's termination, less required
tax withholdings.

   
Phillips stock options are not affected by the merger.


EXCHANGE OF CERTIFICATES

 Exchange Agent

   Phillips has appointed Mellon Investor Services LLC to be the exchange
agent under the merger agreement.
The exchange agent will accept your Tosco
stock certificates and arrange for creation of a book-entry account reflecting
your holdings of Phillips common stock.
You also will be able to elect to
obtain a physical Phillips stock certificate at no extra charge.

 
Exchange Procedures

   At or before completion of the merger, Phillips will deposit with the
exchange agent Phillips stock certificates representing the shares of Phillips
common stock to be issued in exchange for the outstanding shares of Tosco
common stock.
Promptly after completion of the merger, a form of transmittal
letter will be mailed by the exchange agent to Tosco stockholders that hold
Tosco stock certificates.
The transmittal letter will contain instructions with
respect to the surrender of Tosco stock certificates.

   
YOU WILL RECEIVE SHARES OF PHILLIPS COMMON STOCK IN BOOK-ENTRY FORM, UNLESS
A PHYSICAL PHILLIPS STOCK CERTIFICATE IS REQUESTED.
IF YOU HOLD TOSCO STOCK
CERTIFICATES, YOU SHOULD NOT RETURN THE TOSCO STOCK CERTIFICATES WITH THE
ENCLOSED PROXY AND SHOULD NOT FORWARD THEM TO THE EXCHANGE AGENT UNTIL YOU
RECEIVE A LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL FOLLOWING COMPLETION OF THE MERGER.

 
Dividends

   Holders of Tosco common stock will not be entitled to receive any dividends
or other distributions payable by Phillips in respect of Phillips common stock
until they exchange their Tosco stock certificates for shares of Phillips
common stock.
After they deliver their Tosco stock certificates to the exchange
agent, those stockholders will receive, subject to applicable law, accumulated
dividends and distributions, and cash in lieu of any fractional shares of
Phillips common stock, without interest.

 
Fractional Shares

   No fractional shares of Phillips common stock will be issued upon the
surrender of Tosco stock certificates.
No dividend or other distribution of
Phillips will relate to any fractional share of Phillips common stock that
would otherwise be issuable in the merger, and those fractional shares of
Phillips common stock will not entitle the owner thereof to any voting or other
rights of a Phillips stockholder.

   
Holders of Tosco common stock otherwise entitled to fractional shares of
Phillips common stock, if any, will receive a cash payment instead of the
fractional shares of Phillips common stock they would otherwise be entitled to
upon surrender of all of their Tosco common stock certificates.
Following
completion of the merger, the exchange agent will determine the excess of the
number of whole shares of Phillips common stock delivered to the exchange agent
by Phillips for distribution to Tosco stockholders over the aggregate number of
whole shares of Phillips common stock to be distributed to Tosco stockholders.

The exchange agent will then, on behalf of the former Tosco stockholders, sell
the excess shares of Phillips common stock at then-prevailing prices on the New
York Stock Exchange, in the manner provided in the merger agreement, and make
the proceeds available for distribution to the former holders of Tosco common
stock otherwise entitled to fractional shares of Phillips common stock upon
surrender of their Tosco stock certificates.

 
Antidilution Adjustments

   
If, before the merger is completed, there is a reclassification, stock
split, split-up, stock dividend, combination or exchange of shares with respect
to, or rights issued in respect of, Tosco common stock or Phillips common
stock, the exchange ratio will be adjusted to provide the holders of Tosco
common stock the same economic effect of the exchange ratio in effect
immediately before the relevant event.

 
Additional Exchange Related Matters

   None of Phillips, Tosco, Ping Acquisition Corp. or the exchange agent will
be liable to any holder of Phillips common stock or Tosco common stock for any
amount delivered to a public official pursuant to any applicable abandoned
property, escheat or similar laws.

   
If a Tosco stock certificate has been lost, stolen or destroyed, the
exchange agent will issue the Phillips common stock, cash in lieu of fractional
shares of Phillips common stock and unpaid dividends and distributions on
Phillips common stock payable under the merger agreement upon receipt of
appropriate evidence as to that loss, theft or destruction, appropriate
evidence as to the ownership of that Tosco stock certificate by the claimant,
and appropriate and customary indemnification.

   
If shares of Phillips common stock are to be issued in a name other than the
name in which the surrendered shares of Tosco common stock, as the case may be,
are registered, the surrendered Tosco stock certificates must be accompanied by
an appropriate instrument of transfer and documents to evidence that any
applicable stock transfer taxes have been paid.

   
For a description of the differences between the rights of holders of
Phillips common stock and holders of Tosco common stock, see "Comparison of
Stockholder Rights."

COMPLETION OF THE MERGER

   
The merger will be completed at the time and date stated in the articles of
merger that will be filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada
(the state of incorporation of Tosco and Ping Acquisition Corp.).
Under the
merger agreement, this will occur on the second business day following the
satisfaction or waiver of all conditions to the merger, unless otherwise agreed
to by the parties.
Each of Phillips and Tosco currently anticipates that the
merger will be completed in the third quarter of 2001.

   
Completion of the merger could be delayed if there is a delay in obtaining
the required regulatory approvals or in satisfying other conditions to the
merger.
There can be no assurances as to whether, and on what date, Phillips
and Tosco will obtain those approvals or that Phillips and Tosco will complete
the merger.
If the merger is not completed on or before February 4, 2002,
either Phillips or Tosco may terminate the agreement, with the exception that a
party may not terminate the merger agreement if that party's failure to perform
its obligations under the merger agreement is the primary cause of the merger
not being completed by that date.
See "--Conditions."

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

   
In the merger agreement, Phillips and Tosco make representations and
warranties to each other about their respective companies related to, among
other things:

  .
corporate existence, qualification to conduct business and corporate
    power;

  .
ownership of subsidiaries;

  .
capital structure;

  .
corporate authority to enter into, and carry out the obligations under,
    the merger agreement, and enforceability of the merger agreement;

  .
absence of a breach of Charter documents, Bylaws, laws or material
    agreements as a result of the merger;

  .
required governmental consents and approvals;

  .
filings with the SEC;

  .
financial statements;

  .
absence of undisclosed liabilities;

  .
absence of specified changes or events since September 30, 2000;

  .
legal proceedings;

  .
compliance with laws;

  .
environmental liability;

  .
employee benefit plans;

  .
labor relations;

  .
inapplicability to the merger of state anti-takeover laws;

  .
receipt of an opinion from its financial advisor;

  .
Board of Directors approval;

  .
payment of fees to finders or brokers in connection with the merger;

  .
tax matters;

  .
qualification of the merger as a reorganization under U.S. federal tax
    laws; and

  .
information supplied for use in this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

   
Tosco also made additional representations and warranties to Phillips
pertaining to, among other things:

  .
specified material contracts and restrictive contracts;

  .
intellectual property matters; and

  .
inapplicability to the merger of Tosco's rights plan.

   
The representations and warranties contained in the merger agreement are
subject to materiality and knowledge qualifications in many respects, and do
not survive the completion of the merger.


INTERIM OPERATIONS

 Restrictions on Phillips' and Tosco's Interim Operations

   
In the merger agreement Phillips and Tosco have agreed to specified
restrictions on their respective activities until either the completion of the
merger or the termination of the merger agreement.
In general, they are
required to conduct their respective businesses in the usual, regular and
ordinary course, in substantially the same manner as previously conducted, and
to use their reasonable best efforts to keep available the services of their
current officers and other key employees, preserve intact their present lines
of business, maintain their rights and franchises, and preserve their
relationships with customers, suppliers and others having business dealings
with them, with the intention that their ongoing businesses are not impaired.

 
Additional Restrictions on Phillips' Interim Operations

   Subject to specified exceptions, Phillips has agreed to specific
restrictions that prohibit it from:

  .
entering into any new material lines of business or disposing of any
    material line of business;

  .
declaring or paying dividends other than regular quarterly dividends
    consistent with past dividend practice;

  .
splitting, combining or reclassifying its capital stock, or issuing
    securities in respect of, in lieu of or in substitution for its capital
    stock;

  .
amending Phillips' Restated Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws or other
    governing documents (other than to increase the number of shares of
    Phillips common stock authorized by Phillips' Restated Certificate of
    Incorporation or as otherwise permitted by the merger agreement);

  .
making any acquisitions that could reasonably be expected to prevent or
    materially delay or impede completion of the merger, other than
    acquisitions in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
    practice;

  .
taking any action that would prevent or impede the merger from qualifying
    as a reorganization under U.S. federal tax laws; and

  .
taking any action for the purpose of preventing, delaying or impeding the
    completion of the merger.

 
Additional Restrictions on Tosco's Interim Operations

   Subject to specified exceptions, Tosco has agreed to specific restrictions
that prohibit it from:

  .
entering into any new material lines of business;

  .
incurring or committing to any capital expenditures or obligations or
    liabilities in connection with any capital expenditures, other than in
    the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice or as
    contemplated by the 2001 capital budget approved by the Tosco Board of
    Directors and disclosed to Phillips before February 4, 2001;

  .
declaring or paying dividends in excess of $0.08 per share of Tosco
    common stock per quarter, subject to increase of up to $0.01 per share in
    accordance with past practice;

  .
splitting, combining or reclassifying its capital stock or issuing
    securities in respect of, in lieu of or in substitution for its capital
    stock;

  .
repurchasing, redeeming or otherwise acquiring its capital stock;

  .
issuing, delivering, selling or encumbering, or entering into any
    agreement to issue, deliver, sell or encumber, any shares of its capital
    stock or other voting securities, or any securities convertible into or
    exercisable for, or any right to acquire, capital stock or other voting
    securities, other than in connection with Tosco benefit plans (subject to
    specified limitations), in connection with the exercise of Tosco stock
    options or other stock-based awards, in connection with Tosco's rights
    plan, in connection with certain issuances by its subsidiaries, or in
    connection with permitted acquisitions or investments disclosed to
    Phillips before February 4, 2001;

  .
amending Tosco's Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, Bylaws
    or other governing documents (other than pursuant to the merger
    agreement);

  .
making any acquisitions, other than acquisitions in the ordinary course
    of business consistent with past practice;

  .
disposing of assets (including the capital stock of its subsidiaries),
    other than in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
    practice, or dispositions referred to in Tosco's SEC documents filed by
    Tosco prior to February 4, 2001;

  .
making loans, advances, capital contributions or investments in any other
    person other than specified intercompany loans or immaterial loans made
    in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, and
    only if those otherwise permitted loans do not present a material risk of
    making it more difficult to obtain any regulatory approval that is
    required in connection with the merger;

  .
incurring debt, other than in the ordinary course of business consistent
    with past practice;

  .
taking any action that would prevent or impede the merger from qualifying
    as a reorganization under U.S. federal tax laws;

  .
increasing the compensation or paying any severance to any director,
    officer or key employee, or increasing any employee benefits, granting
    any options to purchase Tosco common stock, amending or adopting any
    Tosco benefit plan, other than in the ordinary course consistent with
    past practice or as required by applicable law or an agreement existing
    on February 4, 2001;

  .
granting an option that accelerates as a result of the approval or
    completion of the merger;

  .
changing its accounting methods, except as disclosed in Tosco's SEC
    documents filed prior to February 4, 2001 or except as may be required by
    a governmental authority or by changes in U.S. generally accepted
    accounting principles;

  .
changing its fiscal year;

  .
making any material tax election; and

  .
taking any action for the purpose of preventing, delaying or impeding
    completion of the merger.


ADDITIONAL COVENANTS

   
In addition to the covenants relating to the conduct of the parties'
businesses before completion of the merger, each of Phillips and Tosco has
agreed to perform additional specified covenants in the merger agreement.
The
principal additional covenants are as follows.

 
Phillips Board of Directors and Officers; RM&T Headquarters

   Phillips has agreed to expand its Board of Directors by one member at the
completion of the merger and cause Mr. O'Malley to be appointed to its Board of
Directors.

   
Phillips has agreed to appoint Mr. O'Malley to serve, at the discretion of
the Phillips Board of Directors and the Chief Executive Officer of Phillips, as
Vice Chairman of Phillips and head of Phillips' RM&T operations (which then
will include Tosco's RM&T operations).
Mr. O'Malley will have primary
responsibility for assisting in the orderly integration of Tosco's operations
with Phillips' RM&T operations during the transition period and the
establishment of a management team for the integrated RM&T operations drawing
from the best employees of each of Phillips and Tosco.
Phillips has agreed to
enter into an employment agreement with Mr. O'Malley immediately following the
completion of the merger on substantially the terms described in the letter
agreement between Phillips and Mr. O'Malley.

   
Phillips has agreed that, as soon as practicable following completion of the
merger, the executive headquarters for the combined RM&T operations of both
Tosco and Phillips will be in the Phoenix, Arizona area.

 
No Solicitation

   The merger agreement contains detailed provisions prohibiting each of
Phillips and Tosco from seeking an alternative transaction.
Under these no
solicitation provisions, each of Phillips and Tosco has agreed that neither it
nor any of its subsidiaries, officers or directors will, and that it will use
reasonable best efforts to ensure that its and its subsidiaries' employees,
agents and representatives do not, directly or indirectly:

  .
initiate, solicit, encourage or knowingly facilitate any inquiries or the
    making of an acquisition proposal;

  .
have any discussion with, or provide any confidential information or data
    to, any person relating to an acquisition proposal, or engage in any
    negotiations concerning an acquisition proposal, or knowingly facilitate
    any effort or attempt to make or implement an acquisition proposal;

  .
approve or recommend, or propose publicly to approve or recommend, an
    acquisition proposal; or

  .
approve or recommend, or propose to approve or recommend, or enter into,
    any letter of intent, agreement in principle, merger agreement,
    acquisition agreement, option agreement or other similar agreement or
    propose publicly or agree to do any of the foregoing related to an
    acquisition proposal.

   
In relation to either Phillips or Tosco, an "acquisition proposal" means any
proposal or offer relating to, or a transaction to effect:

  .
a merger, reorganization, share exchange, consolidation, business
    combination, recapitalization, liquidation, dissolution or similar
    transaction involving the party or any of its significant subsidiaries;

  .
any purchase or sale of 20% or more of the consolidated assets of the
    party, including stock of its subsidiaries, taken as a whole; or

  .
any purchase or sale of, or tender or exchange offer for, the equity
    securities of the party that, if completed, would result in any other
    person (or stockholders of such other person) beneficially owning
    securities representing 20% or more of the total voting power of the
    party (or of the surviving parent entity in the transaction) or any of
    its significant subsidiaries.

   
The merger agreement permits each of Phillips and Tosco, prior to its
respective special meeting, to:

  .
engage in discussions with, or provide information to, a person who
    submits an unsolicited bona fide written acquisition proposal that the
    party's Board of Directors concludes in good faith is reasonably likely
    to constitute a "superior proposal;" and/or

  .
make a change in board recommendation, if it has received an unsolicited
    bona fide written acquisition proposal and its Board of Directors
    concludes in good faith that the acquisition proposal constitutes a
    "superior proposal.
"

   A "superior proposal" means a bona fide written acquisition proposal (except
that references to 20% become references to 50%) that is on terms that the
party's Board of Directors in good faith concludes:

  .
would, if consummated, result in a transaction more favorable to its
    stockholders from a financial point of view; and

  .
is reasonably capable of being consummated.

   
A "change in board recommendation" means, in relation to either Phillips or
Tosco, withdrawing, modifying or qualifying, or proposing to withdraw, modify
or qualify, in any manner adverse to the other party, the recommendation of
that party's Board of Directors that its stockholders vote in favor of the
approval of the merger agreement and the merger, in the case of Tosco, or the
issuance of shares of Phillips common stock in the merger, in the case of
Phillips.
Each of the Phillips Board of Directors and the Tosco Board of
Directors may make a change in board recommendation only as provided in the no
solicitation provisions of the merger agreement.

   
However, Phillips or Tosco may take the actions described immediately above
only if, and only to the extent that:

  .
the special meeting of its stockholders to vote on the approval of the
    merger agreement and the merger, in the case of Tosco stockholders, or
    the issuance of shares of Phillips common stock in the merger, in the
    case of Phillips stockholders, has not occurred;

  .
the Board of Directors of the party that desires to take the action
    described above determines in good faith, after consultation with outside
    counsel, that there is a reasonable probability that the failure to take
    that action would be inconsistent with its fiduciary duties under law;

  .
before providing any information or data to any person in connection with
    an acquisition proposal by that person, the person making the proposal
    enters into a customary confidentiality agreement (provided that, if the
    confidentiality agreement contains terms that are less restrictive than
    the confidentiality agreement between Phillips and Tosco, the
    confidentiality agreement between Phillips and Tosco automatically will
    be changed to reflect those less restrictive terms); and

  .
before providing any information or data to any person or entering into
    discussions with any person, it promptly:

   -- notifies the other party of inquiries, proposals or offers received
      by, any information requested from, or any discussions sought to be
      initiated or continued with, any of its representatives, and

   -- notifies the other party of the name of the person and the material
      terms and conditions of any inquiries, proposals or offers.

   
In addition, the merger agreement permits Phillips and Tosco to disclose to
their respective stockholders a position with respect to a tender offer, as
required by law.

   
Each of Phillips and Tosco has agreed in the merger agreement that:

  .
it will promptly keep the other party reasonably informed of the status
    and terms of any inquiries, proposals, offers, discussions or
    negotiations, including the identity of the person making the inquiry,
    proposal or offer;

  .
it will, and its officers, directors and representatives will,
    immediately cease and terminate any activities, discussions or
    negotiations existing as of February 4, 2001, the date of the merger
    agreement, with any persons conducted before that date in relation to any
    acquisition proposal; and

  .
it will use reasonable best efforts to promptly inform its directors,
    officers, key employees, agents and representatives of the obligations
    under the no solicitation provisions of the merger agreement.

   
Nothing contained in the no solicitation provisions of the merger agreement
will:

  .
permit Phillips or Tosco to terminate the merger agreement, except as
    otherwise specifically provided in the merger agreement; or

  .
affect or limit any other obligation of Phillips or Tosco under the
    merger agreement.

 
Special Meetings

   Each of Phillips and Tosco has agreed to hold special meetings of their
respective stockholders to consider and vote upon approval of the merger
agreement and the merger, in the case of Tosco, and the issuance of shares of
Phillips common stock in the merger, in the case of Phillips.

 
Reasonable Best Efforts

   Each of Phillips and Tosco has agreed to use their reasonable best efforts
to take all actions and do all things necessary or advisable under the merger
agreement or applicable law to complete the merger and the other transactions
contemplated by the merger agreement as soon as practicable.
This cooperation
may include selling, holding separate or otherwise disposing of assets, or
conducting business in a specified manner, in response to the requirements
imposed by antitrust authorities.
However, neither Tosco nor Phillips is
required for any reason to sell, hold separate or otherwise dispose of assets,
or to conduct its business in a specified manner, if such action is not
conditioned on completion of the merger or could reasonably be expected to have
a material adverse effect on Phillips or Tosco or to substantially impair the
benefits to Phillips expected, as of February 4, 2001, to be realized from the
merger.

 
Employee Matters

   Phillips has agreed that, following the completion of the merger, it and its
subsidiaries will assume and honor all Tosco benefit plans in accordance with
the terms of those Tosco benefit plans in effect immediately before the merger
is completed.
For a period of not less than one year after completion of the
merger, Phillips will maintain compensation and employee benefits that are no
less favorable in the aggregate than those in effect immediately before the
merger, as disclosed by Tosco to Phillips before February 4, 2001.

   
Specifically, Phillips has agreed that it will:

  .
credit each Tosco employee for his or her years of service with Tosco and
    its subsidiaries and predecessor employers before the completion of the
    merger, to the same extent as the Tosco employee was entitled, before the
    merger, to credit for that service under any similar Tosco benefit plans,
    except to the extent that credit would result in a duplication of
    benefits;

  .
waive any limitations regarding preexisting conditions and actively-at-
    work requirements under any benefit plan Tosco employees may be eligible
    for after completion of the merger; and

  .
provide Tosco employees with credit for any eligible expenses paid before
    completion of the merger.

   
Tosco, before completion of the merger, or Phillips, following completion of
the merger, may terminate any Tosco employee and/or amend or terminate any
Tosco benefit plan to the extent permitted by the terms of the governing
agreement or plan in effect immediately before the completion of the merger.

However, at the option of an affected Tosco employee (up to a total of 15 Tosco
employees), any split-dollar life insurance policies will be continued
following the termination of that employees' employment.

 
Insurance and Indemnification

   For a period of six years after the merger, Phillips is obligated to:

  .
indemnify and hold harmless, and provide advancement of expenses to, all
    past and present directors, officers and employees of Tosco and its
    subsidiaries, to the same extent those individuals were indemnified or
    had a right to advancement of expenses on February 4, 2001, under Tosco's
    Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, Bylaws and
    indemnification agreements, for acts or omissions occurring on or before
    the completion of the merger; and

  .
cause to be maintained the current policies of directors' and officers'
    liability insurance and fiduciary liability insurance maintained by
    Tosco, or policies of at least the same coverage and amounts containing
    terms and conditions that are, in the aggregate, no less advantageous to
    the insured, with respect to claims arising from facts or events that
    occurred on or before the completion of the merger.
Phillips will not be
    required to expend in any one year an amount in excess of 200% of the
    current annual premiums for this insurance, and if the annual premiums
    exceed this limit, Phillips will obtain a policy with the greatest
    coverage available for such amount.

 
Expenses

   Each of Tosco and Phillips has agreed to pay its own costs and expenses
incurred in connection with the merger and the merger agreement.
Tosco and
Phillips will, however, share equally the costs associated with printing and
mailing this joint proxy statement/prospectus and the expenses incurred in
connection with filing with the SEC the registration statement of which this
joint proxy statement/prospectus is a part.

 
Section 16 Matters

   Each of Phillips and Tosco has agreed to take, before completion of the
merger, all required steps to exempt under SEC Rule 16b-3 under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, any dispositions of
Tosco common stock or acquisitions of Phillips common stock in connection with
the merger, including any derivative securities, by each individual that is
subject to the reporting requirements of Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act with
respect to Tosco, or that will become subject to those reporting requirements
with respect to Phillips.

 
New York Stock Exchange

   Phillips has agreed to use its reasonable best efforts to cause the Phillips
common stock to be issued in the merger to be approved for listing on the New
York Stock Exchange.

 
Affiliates

   Tosco has agreed to identify all persons who may be deemed "affiliates" of
Tosco at the time of the Tosco special meeting for purposes of Rule 145 under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, and to use its
reasonable best efforts to cause each of those affiliates to enter into a
written agreement providing that they will not offer, sell or otherwise dispose
of any of the shares of Phillips common stock issued to them in the merger in
violation of the Securities Act or the related SEC rules.

 
Rights Plans

   Tosco has agreed to take all necessary action, including amending Tosco's
rights plan, to render the Tosco rights inapplicable to the merger.
Tosco has
further agreed not to take any action relating to Tosco's rights plan, without
the prior written consent of Phillips, in order to facilitate an acquisition
proposal.

 
Indebtedness

   Upon completion of the merger, Phillips has agreed to assume, by
supplemental indenture or other instrument, any Tosco indebtedness issued under
indentures qualified under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended, and any
other Tosco indebtedness that by its terms Phillips is required to assume in
order to prevent a default under the applicable debt instrument.


CONDITIONS

   
Each of our respective obligations to complete the merger is subject to the
satisfaction or waiver of various conditions, including:

  .
the approval of the merger agreement and the merger by Tosco stockholders
    and the approval of the issuance of shares of Phillips common stock in
    the merger by Phillips stockholders;

  .
the absence of any law, order or injunction having the effect of making
    the merger illegal or otherwise prohibiting completion of the merger;

  .
the expiration or termination of the applicable waiting period under the
    HSR Act;

  .
the receipt of all other governmental and regulatory consents, approvals
    and authorizations required to complete the merger, unless not obtaining
    those consents or approvals would not reasonably be expected to have a
    material adverse effect on Phillips or Tosco;

  .
the approval for listing on the New York Stock Exchange of the Phillips
    common stock to be issued in the merger, subject to official notice of
    issuance;

  .
the absence of any stop order issued by the SEC suspending the
    effectiveness of this joint proxy statement/prospectus and the absence of
    any proceedings initiated or threatened by the SEC for that purpose;

  .
the representations and warranties of the other party in the merger
    agreement, disregarding all qualifications and exceptions relating to
    materiality, being true and correct on the date of the merger agreement
    and the date the merger is completed as if they were made on that date
    (except to the extent that the representations and warranties speak as of
    another date), except where the failure of such representations and
    warranties to be true and correct would not reasonably be expected to
    have a material adverse effect on the representing party, and the receipt
    of a certificate of an executive officer of the other party to that
    effect;

  .
the other party having performed or complied with its agreements and
    covenants in the merger agreement that are qualified as to materiality
    and the other party having performed or complied in all material respects
    with all other material agreements and covenants in the merger agreement,
    and the receipt of a certificate of an executive officer of the other
    party to that effect; and

  .
the receipt of an opinion from the party's counsel that the merger will
    qualify as a reorganization for U.S. federal income tax purposes.

TERMINATION OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT

 Termination by Phillips or Tosco

   Either Tosco or Phillips, by action of our respective Boards of Directors,
may terminate the merger agreement and abandon the merger at any time prior to
completion of the merger if:

  .
Tosco and Phillips agree to terminate by mutual written consent;

  .
the merger has not been completed on or before February 4, 2002, with the
    exception that a party may not terminate the merger agreement if that
    party's failure to perform its obligations under the merger agreement is
    the primary cause of the merger not being completed by that date;

  .
a court or another governmental authority has issued a final and
    nonappealable order, decree or ruling or taken other action permanently
    restraining, enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the merger, but only if
    the

    terminating party has used its reasonable best efforts to avoid or remove
    the prohibition and the terminating party's failure, if any, to comply
    with the reasonable best efforts provisions in the merger agreement has
    not been the primary cause of the action of the court or other
    governmental authority;

  .
a court or another governmental authority has failed to issue an order or
    ruling that is necessary to satisfy the conditions to the merger, and the
    denial of a request to issue this order or ruling has become final and
    nonappealable, but only if the terminating party has used its reasonable
    best efforts to obtain the order or ruling and the terminating party's
    failure, if any, to comply with the reasonable best efforts provisions in
    the merger agreement has not been the primary cause of the inaction of
    the court or other governmental authority; or

  .
Tosco stockholders have failed to approve the merger agreement, or
    Phillips stockholders have failed to approve the issuance of shares of
    Phillips common stock in the merger, at the applicable special meeting.

 
Termination by Phillips

   Phillips, by action of the Phillips Board of Directors, may terminate the
merger agreement and abandon the merger at any time prior to completion of the
merger if:

  .
the Tosco Board of Directors:

   -- fails to recommend to Tosco stockholders the approval of the merger
      agreement and the merger;

   -- withdraws (or proposes to withdraw) its recommendation to Tosco
      stockholders to approve the merger agreement and the merger; or

   -- modifies or qualifies (or proposes to modify or qualify), in any
      manner adverse to Phillips, its recommendation to Tosco stockholders
      to approve the merger agreement and the merger;

  .
Tosco breaches its obligation to call the Tosco special meeting;

  .
Tosco breaches its representations, warranties or covenants contained in
    the merger agreement so that the conditions described above relating to
    the absence of a breach of representation, warranty, or covenant by Tosco
    are not capable of being satisfied on or before February 4, 2002; or

  .
the Phillips Board of Directors gives written notice to Tosco that it
    intends to enter into a binding written agreement for a superior
    proposal, but only if:

   -- Phillips has complied with the no solicitation provisions of the
      merger agreement in all material respects;

   --
Phillips has notified Tosco in writing that it has received a superior
      proposal and that it intends to enter into a binding agreement with
      respect to that superior proposal, and has attached the most current
      version (or a summary of material terms) of the superior proposal to
      that notice;

   -- Tosco does not make, within three calendar days after receipt of
      Phillips' written notice, an offer that the Phillips Board of
      Directors reasonably concludes in good faith (following consultation
      with its financial advisor and legal counsel) to be as favorable to
      Phillips stockholders as the superior proposal; and

   --
Phillips pays the termination fee described below upon entering into a
      binding written agreement for the superior proposal.

 
Termination by Tosco

   Tosco, by action of the Tosco Board of Directors, may terminate the merger
agreement and abandon the merger at any time prior to completion of the merger
if:

  .
the Phillips Board of Directors:

   -- fails to recommend to Phillips stockholders the approval of the
      issuance of shares of Phillips common stock in the merger;

   -- withdraws (or proposes to withdraw) its recommendation to Phillips
      stockholders to approve the issuance of shares of Phillips common
      stock in the merger; or

   -- modifies or qualifies (or proposes to modify or qualify), in any
      manner adverse to Tosco, its recommendation to Phillips stockholders
      to approve the issuance of shares of Phillips common stock in the
      merger;

  .
Phillips breaches its obligation to call the Phillips special meeting;

  .
Phillips breaches its representations, warranties or covenants contained
    in the merger agreement so that the conditions described above relating
    to the absence of a breach of representation, warranty or covenant by
    Phillips are not capable of being satisfied on or before February 4,
    2002; or

  .
the Tosco Board of Directors gives written notice to Phillips that it
    intends to enter into a binding written agreement for a superior
    proposal, but only if:

   -- Tosco has complied with the no solicitation provisions of the merger
      agreement in all material respects;

   -- Tosco has notified Phillips in writing that it has received a superior
      proposal and that it intends to enter into a binding agreement with
      respect to that superior proposal, and has attached the most current
      version (or a summary of material terms) of the superior proposal to
      that notice;

   --
Phillips does not make, within three calendar days after receipt of
      Tosco's written notice, an offer that the Tosco Board of Directors
      reasonably concludes in good faith (following consultation with its
      financial advisor and legal counsel) to be as favorable to Tosco
      stockholders as the superior proposal; and

   -- Tosco pays the termination fee described below upon entering into a
      binding written agreement for the superior proposal.

 
Termination Fee to be Paid by Phillips

   Phillips has agreed to pay Tosco a termination fee of $250 million if:

  .
Tosco terminates the merger agreement as the result of the Phillips Board
    of Directors:

   -- failing to recommend that Phillips stockholders approve the issuance
      of shares of Phillips common stock in the merger;

   -- withdrawing its recommendation to Phillips stockholders to approve the
      share issuance; or

   -- modifying or qualifying, in any manner adverse to Tosco, its
      recommendation to Phillips stockholders to approve the share issuance;

  .
Tosco terminates the merger agreement because Phillips has breached its
    obligation to call the Phillips special meeting;

  .
either party terminates the merger agreement because Phillips
    stockholders have failed to approve the issuance of shares of Phillips
    common stock in connection with the merger at the Phillips special
    meeting, or because the merger has not been completed on or before
    February 4, 2002 and the Phillips special meeting has not occurred, and

   -- at any time after February 4, 2001, and before the termination of the
      merger agreement, an acquisition proposal with respect to Phillips has
      been publicly announced or otherwise communicated to the senior
      management, Board of Directors or Phillips stockholders; and

   -- within 12 months of the termination of the merger agreement, Phillips
      or any of its subsidiaries enters into a definitive agreement with
      respect to or completes an acquisition proposal;

  .
Tosco terminates the merger agreement after Phillips has breached its
    representations, warranties or covenants contained in the merger
    agreement so that the condition described above relating to the absence
    of a breach of representation, warranty or covenant by Phillips is not
    capable of being satisfied on or before February 4, 2002, and

   -- at any time after February 4, 2001, and before the termination of the
      merger agreement, an acquisition proposal with respect to Phillips has
      been publicly announced or otherwise communicated to the senior
      management, Board of Directors or Phillips stockholders, and

   -- within 12 months of the termination of the merger agreement, Phillips
      or any of its subsidiaries enters into a definitive agreement with
      respect to or completes an acquisition proposal; or

  .
Phillips terminates the merger agreement upon entering into a definitive
    agreement in response to an unsolicited superior proposal (provided that
    Phillips has complied with the applicable restrictions in the merger
    agreement relating to a termination for this reason).

 
Termination Fee to be Paid by Tosco

   Tosco has agreed to pay Phillips a termination fee of $250 million if:

  .
Phillips terminates the merger agreement as the result of the Tosco Board
    of Directors:

   -- failing to recommend that Tosco stockholders approve the merger
      agreement and the merger,

   -- withdrawing its recommendation to Tosco stockholders to approve the
      merger agreement and the merger, or

   -- modifying or qualifying, in any manner adverse to Phillips, its
      recommendation to Tosco stockholders to approve the merger agreement
      and the merger;

  .
Phillips terminates the merger agreement because Tosco has breached its
    obligation to call the Tosco special meeting;

  .
either party terminates the merger agreement because Tosco stockholders
    have failed to approve the merger agreement and the merger at the Tosco
    special meeting, or because the merger has not been completed on or
    February 4, 2002 and the Tosco special meeting has not occurred, and

   -- at any time after February 4, 2001, and before the termination of the
      merger agreement, an acquisition proposal with respect to Tosco has
      been publicly announced or otherwise communicated to the senior
      management, Board of Directors or Tosco stockholders, and

   -- within 12 months of the termination of the merger agreement, Tosco or
      any of its subsidiaries enters into a definitive agreement in response
      to or completes an acquisition proposal;

  .
Phillips terminates the merger agreement after Tosco has breached its
    representations, warranties or covenants contained in the merger
    agreement so that the condition described above relating to the absence
    of a breach of representation, warranty or covenant by Tosco is not
    capable of being satisfied on or before February 4, 2002, and

   -- at any time after February 4, 2001, and before the termination of the
      merger agreement, an acquisition proposal with respect to Tosco has
      been publicly announced or otherwise communicated to the senior
      management, Board of Directors or Tosco stockholders, and

   -- within 12 months of the termination of the merger agreement, Tosco or
      any of its subsidiaries enters into a definitive agreement with
      respect to or completes an acquisition proposal; or

  .
Tosco terminates the merger agreement upon entering into a definitive
    agreement in response to an unsolicited superior proposal (provided that
    Tosco has complied with the applicable restrictions in the merger
    agreement relating to a termination for this reason).

AMENDMENTS, EXTENSIONS AND WAIVERS

 Amendments

   
The merger agreement may be amended by action of the Phillips Board of
Directors and the Tosco Board of Directors at any time before or after the
special meetings to the extent legally permissible.
However, after Phillips
stockholders approve the issuance of shares of Phillips common stock in the
merger or Tosco stockholders approve the merger agreement and the merger, no
amendment may be made that requires further approval by stockholders under
applicable law or the rules of any relevant stock exchange.
All amendments to
the merger agreement must be in writing signed by each party.

 
Extensions and Waivers

   At any time prior to completion of the merger, any party to the merger
agreement may, to the extent legally allowed:

  .
extend the time for the performance of any of the obligations or other
    acts of the other parties to the merger agreement;

  .
waive any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties of the other
    parties contained in the merger agreement; and

  .
waive compliance by the other parties with any of the agreements or
    conditions contained in the merger agreement.

   
All extensions and waivers must be in writing and signed by the party
against whom the waiver is to be effective.

                       
PROPOSED AMENDMENT TO THE PHILLIPS
                     RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION

   Phillips presently is authorized to issue 800 million shares of capital
stock, divided into 500 million shares of Phillips common stock, and 300
million shares of preferred stock, par value $1.00 per share.
As of March 5,
2001, 306,380,511 shares of Phillips common stock were issued, including
22,819,441 treasury shares, and 283,561,070 shares of Phillips common stock
were outstanding (including 27,856,573 shares of Phillips common stock held by
the Phillips Compensation and Benefits Trust).
As of March 5, 2001, a total of
22,123,993 shares of Phillips common stock were available for delivery in the
future in respect of awards that have been or are authorized to be made under
the Company's stock-based compensation plans, which amount includes an
estimated 5,760,000 shares that would become issuable upon conversion of
existing Tosco stock options under the merger agreement.
As of March 5, 2001,
no shares of preferred stock of Phillips were issued and no other class of
capital stock of Phillips was authorized.
Also, as of March 5, 2001, the total
number of shares of Phillips common stock authorized but not issued was
193,619,489 shares.
Following the issuance of approximately 123 million shares
of Phillips common stock to Tosco stockholders in the merger, Phillips will
have only approximately 70 million authorized and unissued shares of Phillips
common stock.

   
The Phillips Board of Directors has approved an amendment to Phillips'
Restated Certificate of Incorporation to increase the number of authorized
shares of Phillips common stock from 500 million to one billion.
The Phillips
Board of Directors believes this is necessary in order to provide sufficient
shares to complete future acquisitions, or to effect any future stock split or
stock dividend.

   
PHILLIPS HAS A SUFFICIENT NUMBER OF AUTHORIZED SHARES UNDER PHILLIPS'
RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION TO COMPLETE THE MERGER.
THEREFORE,
APPROVAL OF THE AMENDMENT TO INCREASE THE NUMBER OF AUTHORIZED SHARES OF COMMON
STOCK IS NOT A CONDITION TO THE MERGER.

   
Although an increase in the number of authorized shares of Phillips common
stock is not necessary to complete the merger, the Phillips Board of Directors
believes that an increase is advisable and in the best interests of Phillips
and Phillips stockholders.
Following the merger, Phillips will have only
approximately 70 million authorized and unissued shares of Phillips common
stock.
The Phillips Board of Directors believes that an increase in authorized
shares of Phillips common stock to one billion will give Phillips greater
flexibility in the future by allowing Phillips the latitude to declare stock
dividends or stock splits and to use its common stock to acquire other assets
(for example, the merger).

   
All shares of Phillips common stock, including those now authorized and
those that would be authorized by the proposed amendment to Phillips' Restated
Certificate of Incorporation, are equal in rank and have the same voting,
dividend and liquidation rights.
Holders of Phillips common stock do not have
preemptive rights.

   
THE PHILLIPS BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS THAT PHILLIPS STOCKHOLDERS VOTE
"FOR" APPROVAL OF THE AMENDMENT TO PHILLIPS' RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF
INCORPORATION.

   
To effect the increase in authorized shares of Phillips common stock, it is
proposed that the first paragraph of Article FOURTH of Phillips' Restated
Certificate of Incorporation be amended to read in its entirety as follows:

     "(a) Capital Stock.
The corporation shall have the authority to issue
  one billion (1,000,000,000) shares of common stock, par value $1.25 per
  share, and 300 million (300,000,000) shares of preferred stock, par value
  $1.00 per share.
"

   The affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares
of Phillips common stock is required to approve the amendment to Phillips'
Restated Certificate of Incorporation.

   
The Phillips Board of Directors recommends that Phillips stockholders vote
"FOR" the amendment to Phillips' Restated Certificate of Incorporation.
Unless
a contrary choice is specified, proxies solicited by the Phillips Board of
Directors will be voted for the amendment.

                   
PRICE RANGE OF COMMON STOCK AND DIVIDENDS

PHILLIPS

   Phillips common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange and traded
under the symbol "P." It also is listed on the Pacific Exchange and the Toronto
Stock Exchange.
The following table sets forth, for the calendar quarters
indicated, the high and low reported prices per share of Phillips common stock
on The New York Stock Exchange Composite Transactions reporting system, and
cash dividends declared per share of Phillips common stock.

                                                         
STOCK PRICE
                                                         ------------
CALENDAR YEAR                                             HIGH   LOW  DIVIDENDS
- -------------                                            ------
----- ---------

First Quarter (through March 5, 2001)...................
$59.00 51.70     .34

Fourth Quarter.......................................... $68.25 51.50     .34
Third Quarter...........................................  70.00 46.81     .34
Second Quarter..........................................  57.69 45.50     .34
First Quarter...........................................  47.13 35.94     .34

Fourth Quarter.......................................... $51.88 44.56     .34
Third Quarter...........................................  
57.25 45.81     .34
Second Quarter..........................................  
54.69 46.44     .34
First Quarter...........................................  
48.44 37.69     .34

Fourth Quarter.......................................... $48.31 40.63     .34
Third Quarter...........................................  49.50 40.19     .34
Second Quarter..........................................  52.00 47.13     .34
First Quarter...........................................  
53.25 42.75     .34

Number of Stockholders of Record at March 5, 2001.......               
48,184

   On February 2, 2001, the last full trading day before the public
announcement of the proposed merger, the high and low sale prices per share for
Phillips common stock as reported on The New York Stock Exchange Composite
Transactions reporting system were $58.71 and $57.96, respectively.
On March 5,
2001, the last full trading day before the printing of this joint proxy
statement/prospectus, the high and low sale prices per share for Phillips
common stock as reported on The New York Stock Exchange Composite Transactions
reporting system were $55.60 and $54.87, respectively.


TOSCO

   Tosco common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange and traded under
the symbol "TOS" and also is listed on the Pacific Exchange.
The following
table sets forth, for the calendar quarters indicated, the high and low
reported prices per share of Tosco common stock on The New York Stock Exchange
Composite Transactions reporting system, and cash dividends declared per share
of Tosco common stock.

                                                         
STOCK PRICE
                                                         ------------
CALENDAR YEAR                                             HIGH   LOW  DIVIDENDS
- -------------                                            ------
----- ---------

First Quarter (through March 5, 2001)...................
$43.24 31.38     --

Fourth Quarter.......................................... $34.69 27.25     .08
Third Quarter...........................................  
33.69 25.88     .07
Second Quarter..........................................  33.81 26.88     .07
First Quarter...........................................  
32.00 24.06     .07

Fourth Quarter.......................................... $30.38 23.81     .07
Third Quarter...........................................  29.56 24.38     .07
Second Quarter..........................................  28.13
22.38     .07
First Quarter...........................................  27.75 18.81     .06

Fourth Quarter.......................................... $29.00 19.75     .06
Third Quarter...........................................  31.06 20.88     .06
Second Quarter..........................................  36.63 26.38     .06
First Quarter...........................................  
37.88 31.63     .06

Number of Stockholders of Record at March 5, 2001.......                
7,953

   On February 2, 2001, the last full trading day before the public
announcement of the proposed merger, the high and low sale prices per share for
Tosco common stock as reported on The New York Stock Exchange Composite
Transactions reporting system were $34.69 and $34.18, respectively.
On March 5,
2001, the last full trading day before the printing of this joint proxy
statement/prospectus, the high and low sale prices per share for Tosco common
stock as reported on The New York Stock Exchange Composite Transactions
reporting system were $42.25 and $41.37, respectively.

                           
INFORMATION ABOUT PHILLIPS

GENERAL

   Phillips was incorporated in Delaware on June 13, 1917.
Phillips is
headquartered in Bartlesville, Oklahoma, where it was founded.
Phillips'
business is organized into four business segments:

  .
E&P--This segment explores for and produces crude oil, natural gas and
    natural gas liquids on a worldwide basis.

  .
Gas Gathering, Processing and Marketing, or GPM--This segment gathers and
    processes both natural gas produced by Phillips and others.
On March 31,
    2000, Phillips combined its GPM business with the GPM business of Duke
    Energy Corporation into a new company, Duke Energy Field Services, LLC,
    or DEFS.
Effective at the close of business on March 31, 2000, Phillips'
    GPM segment consisted primarily of its equity investment in DEFS.

  .
RM&T--This segment refines, markets and transports crude oil and
    petroleum products, primarily in the United States.
This segment also
    fractionates and markets natural gas liquids.

  .
Chemicals--This segment manufactures and markets petrochemicals and
    plastics on a worldwide basis.
On July 1, 2000, Phillips and Chevron
    Corporation combined the two companies' worldwide chemicals businesses,
    excluding Chevron's Oronite business, into a new company, Chevron
    Phillips Chemical Company LLC, or CPC.
Effective on July 1, 2000,
    Phillips' Chemicals segment consisted primarily of its equity investment
    in CPC.

   
Support staffs provide technical, professional and other services to the
business segments.
At December 31, 2000, Phillips employed 12,400 people,
excluding 3,400 employees who were working under service contracts with CPC.

The employees working under service contracts with CPC became employees of CPC
on January 1, 2001.

   
Phillips' principal executive offices are located at the Phillips Building,
Bartlesville, Oklahoma 74004 and its telephone number is (918) 661-6600.


MANAGEMENT AND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

   Certain information relating to executive compensation, various Phillips
compensation plans (including the Phillips stock option plans), voting
securities, including information regarding the principal holders of those
securities, certain relationships and related transactions and other matters
regarding Phillips is incorporated by reference or set forth in Phillips'
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1999, as amended,
which is incorporated in this joint proxy statement/prospectus by reference.

Stockholders desiring copies of this joint proxy statement/prospectus and the
other documents may contact Phillips at its address or telephone number
indicated under "Where You Can Find More Information."


BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP OF DIRECTORS AND MANAGEMENT OF PHILLIPS

(AS OF MARCH 5, 2001)

                                 AMOUNT AND NATURE
                                         OF
                                BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP
                                --------------------
TITLE
OF        NAME  OF BENEFICIAL
CLASS            OWNER          DIRECT(/1/)
INDIRECT PERCENT OF CLASS
- -----     -------------------   -----------
-------- ----------------

        DIRECTORS(/2/)

Common  Norman R. Augustine         24,656      --          *
Common  David L. Boren              13,264      --          *
Common  Robert E. Chappell, Jr.     21,393      --          *
Common  Robert M. Devlin             2,412      --          *
Common  Lawrence S. Eagleburger     10,869   6,000          *
Common  Larry D. Horner             21,714      --          *
Common  J. J. Mulva                608,587      --          *
Common  Randall L. Tobias           19,521      --          *
Common  Victoria J. Tschinkel       18,450      --          *
Common  Kathryn C. Turner           12,097      --          *

        EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
Common  E. L. Batchelder            30,563      --          *
Common  J. A. Carrig               124,879      --          *
Common  D. W. DeCamp                 1,601      --          *
Common  E. K. Grigsby               65,007      --          *
Common  J. E. Lowe                  42,326      --          *
Common  K.O. Meyers                 35,951      --          *
Common  J. C. Mihm                 156,876   1,947          *
Common  B. Z. Parker               171,788      --          *
Common  R.A. Ridge                  78,593      --          *
Common  J. B. Whitworth            142,308      --          *

  All directors and executive
   officers as a group (20 in
   group)                        1,602,855   7,947          *

- --------
*  Less than 1%
(/1/)
Direct ownership includes shares that may be acquired under Phillips stock
      options within 60 days of the record date.

(/2/)
The shares stated as being beneficially owned by each director do not
      include shares beneficially owned by the other companies on whose boards
      of directors the directors serve.
Each director disclaims beneficial
      ownership of all such shares.


BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN PHILLIPS STOCKHOLDERS

   As of February 28, 2001, to the knowledge of Phillips, from Statements on
Schedule 13G provided to Phillips, beneficial owners of more than 5% of any
class of the outstanding voting securities of Phillips were as follows:

                                                   AMOUNT AND NATURE
                                                           OF
                                                  BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP
                                                ------------------------
TITLE
OF
CLASS    NAME AND ADDRESS OF BENEFICIAL OWNER       DIRECT      INDIRECT PERCENT OF CLASS
- -----    ------------------------------------   ---------------
-------- ----------------

Common  Vanguard Fiduciary Trust Company        35,243,354(/1/)    --         12.43%
        P.O. Box 2900
        Valley Forge, Pennsylvania 19482

Common  Capital Research and Management Company 23,263,200(/2/)    --          8.20%
        333 South Hope Street
        Los Angeles, California 90071

Common  AXA Financial, Inc.                     23,459,658(/2/)    --          8.27%
        767 Fifth Avenue
        New York, NY 10153

- --------

(/1/)
As of February 28, 2001, Vanguard as trustee held 35,243,354 shares under
      the Phillips thrift plan, long-term stock savings plan and the Phillips
      retirement savings plan with shared voting power.
The trustee and these
      plans have disclaimed beneficial ownership of the shares held by Vanguard
      as trustee of these plans.
The trustee votes shares held by these plans
      that represent the allocated interests of participants in the manner
      directed by individual participants.
Employee participants in these plans
      are appointed by Phillips as fiduciaries entitled to direct the trustee
      as to how to vote allocated shares that are not directed in these plans
      and unallocated shares held by the Phillips long-term stock savings plan.
      
These shares are allocated pro rata among employee participants accepting
      their fiduciary appointment and are voted by the trustee as directed by
      the employee fiduciaries.
The trustee votes non-directed shares of
      Phillips' retirement savings plan at its discretion.
The trustee will
      vote other shares held by these plans at its discretion only if required
      to do so by the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974.

      
Vanguard is also the trustee and record holder of the 27,856,573 shares
      in the Phillips Compensation and Benefits Trust, without any voting
      power.
Vanguard has disclaimed beneficial ownership of these shares.
      
Vanguard, as trustee of the Phillips Compensation and Benefits Trust,
      will vote shares in the Phillips Compensation and Benefits Trust only in
      accordance with the pro rata directions of eligible domestic employees
      and the trustees of certain of the Phillips international stock plans.
      
The trust agreements for the plans described in this footnote 1 and for
      the Phillips Compensation and Benefits Trust each provide that all
      individual employee voting directions received by the trustee will be
      held in confidence and not be disclosed to any person, including
      Phillips.


(/2/) On February 12, 2001, Capital Research and Management Company reported
      that it exercised sole dispositive power with respect to 23,263,200
      shares as of December 31, 2000, in which shares Capital Research has
      disclaimed beneficial ownership.
On February 12, 2001, AXA Financial,
      Inc.
the parent of Alliance Capital Management L.P. that acquired the
      investment advisory assets of Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc., reported
      that it exercised sole voting power over 12,725,579 shares, shared voting
      power over 2,704,789 shares, and sole dispositive power over 23,459,658
      shares as of December 31, 2000.
According to the Schedule 13Gs filed by
      Capital and AXA with the SEC, these shares equal 9.10% and 9.20% of the
      outstanding Phillips common stock, respectively.
However, when shares
      held as of February 28, 2001, by the Phillips Compensation and Benefits
      Trust are included, shares held by Capital Research equal only 8.20% and
      by AXA, 8.27% of the outstanding Phillips common stock.

                            
INFORMATION ABOUT TOSCO

GENERAL

   Tosco is one of the largest independent refiners and marketers of petroleum
products in the United States.
Tosco operates seven major refinery systems with
the capacity to process approximately 1,355,000 barrels per day of crude oil,
feedstocks, and blendstocks into various petroleum products.
Through its retail
distribution network, Tosco currently sells approximately 6.7 billion gallons
of fuel annually.
Tosco became one of the nation's largest operators of
company-controlled convenience stores in 1996 when it purchased the Circle K
Corporation.
In 1997, Tosco expanded its network by acquiring Union Oil Company
of California's West Coast retail, terminal and pipeline distribution system.

On February 29, 2000, Tosco further expanded its retail distribution through
the acquisition of approximately 1,740 additional retail gasoline and
convenience outlets from Exxon Corporation and Mobil Oil Corporation.
On June
1, 2000, and September 8, 2000, Tosco acquired the Wood River refinery in
Illinois and the Alliance refinery in Louisiana, respectively.
On August 31,
2000, Tosco sold its Avon refinery.
Tosco's refining and marketing business is
managed and operated through two divisions, Tosco Refining Company, based in
Linden, New Jersey, and Tosco Marketing Company, based in Tempe, Arizona.

   
Tosco was incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada in 1955.
Its
principal executive offices are located at 1700 East Putnam Road, Suite 500,
Old Greenwich, Connecticut 06870 and its telephone number is (203) 698-7500.

MANAGEMENT AND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

   Certain information relating to executive compensation, various of Tosco's
benefit plans (including Tosco's stock option plans), voting securities,
including information regarding the principal holders of those securities,
certain relationships and related transactions and other matters regarding
Tosco is incorporated by reference or set forth in Tosco's Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1999, which is incorporated in this
joint proxy statement/prospectus by reference.
Stockholders desiring copies of
this joint proxy statement/prospectus and the other documents may contact Tosco
at its address or telephone number indicated under "Where You Can Find More
Information."


BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP OF DIRECTORS AND MANAGEMENT OF TOSCO

(AS OF MARCH 5, 2001)

                                    AMOUNT AND NATURE
                                           OF
                                  BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP
                                  ---------------------
TITLE
OF
CLASS   NAME  OF BENEFICIAL OWNER DIRECT(/1/)
INDIRECT  PERCENT OF CLASS
- -----   ------------------------- ----------- ---------
----------------

        DIRECTORS(/2/)

Common  Jefferson F. Allen           568,145                   *
Common  Patrick M. de Barros(/3/)     73,436    649,662        *
Common  Wayne A. Budd                 72,100                   *
Common  Houston I. Flournoy            1,579                   *
Common  Edmund A. Hajim                2,000                   *
Common  Charles J. Luellen            75,000                   *
Common  Eija Malmivirta               72,000                   *
Common  Mark R. Mulvoy                74,045                   *
Common  Kathryn L. Munro              24,000                   *
Common  Thomas D. O'Malley(/4/)    3,139,357    542,245      2.38%

        EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
Common  Duane B. Bordvick             69,465                   *
Common  Craig R. Deasy               109,500                   *
Common  Ann Farner Miller             55,693                   *
Common  William E. Hantke             29,002                   *
Common  Robert J. Lavinia            447,500                   *
Common  Wilkes McClave               323,499                   *
Common  Richard W. Reinken            
78,000                   *
Common  Robert I. Santo               69,791                   *
Common  Peter A. Sutton              337,860                   *
Common  Dwight L. Wiggins            430,000                   *
Common  Wanda M. Williams             49,525                   *
  All directors and executive
   officers as a group (21 in
   group)                          6,101,497  1,191,907      4.63%

- --------
*  Less than 1%
(/1/)
Direct ownership includes shares that may be acquired under Tosco stock
      options within 60 days of the record date.
The table excludes stock
      options that will vest more than 60 days after the record date.

(/2/)
The shares stated as being beneficially owned by each director do not
      include shares beneficially owned by the other companies on whose boards
      of directors they serve.
Each director disclaims beneficial ownership of
      all such shares.

(/3/)
The shares indirectly owned are owned by a family trust of which Mr. de
      Barros is a beneficiary.


(/4/)
The shares indirectly owned are owned by entities that Mr. O'Malley is
      the sole stockholder.
Also includes 25,597 shares held by Mr. O'Malley's
      wife of which he disclaims beneficial ownership.


BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN TOSCO STOCKHOLDERS

   As of March 5, 2001, to the knowledge of Tosco, from Statements on Schedule
13G provided to Tosco, there were no beneficial owners of more than 5% of any
class of the outstanding voting securities of Tosco.

                     
DESCRIPTION OF PHILLIPS CAPITAL STOCK

   As a result of the merger, Tosco stockholders will become Phillips
stockholders.
Your rights as a Phillips stockholder will be governed by
Delaware law, Phillips' Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Phillips'
Bylaws.
The following description of Phillips' capital stock, including the
Phillips common stock to be issued in the merger, reflects the anticipated
state of affairs at the completion of the merger.

   
The description summarizes the material terms of Phillips' capital stock but
does not purport to be complete, and is qualified in its entirety by reference
to the applicable provisions of Delaware law, Phillips' Restated Certificate of
Incorporation, Bylaws and the Phillips rights agreement, dated as of August 1,
1999, between Phillips and ChaseMellon Shareholder Services, as rights agent,
relating to rights to purchase shares of Phillips Series B junior participating
preferred stock.


PHILLIPS COMMON STOCK

   Phillips is authorized to issue 500 million shares of common stock, par
value $1.25 per share, and, if the amendment to Phillips' Restated Certificate
of Incorporation is approved, Phillips will be authorized to issue one billion
shares of Phillips common stock.
As of March 5, 2001, there were 283,561,070
shares of Phillips common stock outstanding (including 27,856,573 shares of
Phillips common stock held by the Phillips Compensation and Benefits Trust).

All of the issued and outstanding shares of Phillips common stock are, and upon
the issuance of shares of Phillips common stock in connection with the merger
will be, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable.
Holders of Phillips
common stock are not entitled to any preemptive rights.

 
Dividend Rights

   Holders of Phillips common stock may receive dividends when declared by the
Phillips Board of Directors as permitted by Delaware law.
Subject to the terms
of any outstanding preferred stock, holders of Phillips common stock may not
receive dividends until Phillips has satisfied its obligations to any holders
of its preferred stock.

 
Voting Rights

   The holders of Phillips common stock are entitled to one vote per share of
Phillips common stock.

 
Liquidation Rights

   In the event of liquidation, holders of Phillips common stock would be
entitled to receive proportionately any assets legally available for
distribution to Phillips stockholders with respect to shares held by them,
subject to any prior rights of the holders of any Phillips preferred stock then
outstanding.

 
Preemptive or Other Subscription Rights

   Holders of Phillips common stock do not have any preemptive rights to
subscribe for any securities of Phillips.

 
Conversion and Other Rights

   No conversion, redemption or sinking fund provisions apply to the Phillips
common stock, and the holders of Phillips common stock are not liable to
further calls or assessments by Phillips.


PHILLIPS RIGHTS PLAN

   On August 1, 1999, the Phillips Board of Directors declared a dividend of
one series B junior participating preferred stock purchase right for each
outstanding share of Phillips common stock.
The dividend was paid on August 1,
1999 to Phillips stockholders of record on that date.
Each right entitles the
registered holder to purchase from Phillips one one-hundredth of a share of
Phillips series B junior participating preferred stock, subject to adjustment,
at a price of $180 per one-hundredth of a share of series B junior
participating preferred stock.
The description and terms of the rights are set
forth in Phillips' rights plan attached as an exhibit to Phillips' Registration
Statement on Form 8-A, dated as of July 12, 1999, and incorporated by reference
in this joint proxy statement/prospectus.
See "Where You Can Find More
Information."

                        COMPARISON OF STOCKHOLDER RIGHTS

   The rights of Phillips stockholders are currently governed by Delaware law,
Phillips' Restated Certificate of Incorporation, Phillips' Bylaws and Phillips'
rights plan.
The rights of Tosco stockholders are currently governed by Nevada
law, Tosco's Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, Tosco's Bylaws and
Tosco's rights plan, dated as of November 19, 1998, between Tosco and Fleet
National Bank, as rights agent, relating to rights to purchase shares of Tosco
series A junior participating preferred stock.
Upon completion of the merger,
Tosco stockholders will automatically become Phillips stockholders, and their
rights as Phillips stockholders will be governed by Delaware law, Phillips'
Restated Certificate of Incorporation, Phillips' Bylaws and Phillips' rights
plan.

   
The following is a summary of material differences between the rights of
Tosco stockholders and the rights of Phillips stockholders.
It is not a
complete statement of the provisions affecting, and the differences between,
the rights of Tosco stockholders and Phillips stockholders.
The summary is
qualified in its entirety by reference to Delaware law, Nevada law, Phillips'
Restated Certificate of Incorporation, Phillips' Bylaws, Phillips' rights plan,
Tosco's Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, Tosco's Bylaws and
Tosco's rights plan.

                            
AUTHORIZED CAPITAL STOCK

                                     Tosco

 .
250 million shares of Tosco common stock

 .
12 million shares of Tosco preferred stock

                                    Phillips

 .
500 million shares of Phillips common stock (to be increased to one billion
   if the amendment to Phillips' Restated Certificate of Incorporation is ap-
   proved)

 .
300 million shares of Phillips preferred stock

                           SIZE OF BOARD OF DIRECTORS

                                     Tosco

Nevada law provides that the board of directors of a Nevada corporation shall
consist of one or more directors and may provide in its articles of incorpora-
tion or bylaws for a fixed number of directors or for a variable number of di-
rectors within a fixed range.
Tosco's Amended and Restated Articles of Incorpo-
ration and Bylaws provide that the authorized number of directors shall not be
fewer than three or greater than 16 persons.
The number of directors of Tosco
currently is fixed at ten.

                                    
Phillips

Delaware law provides that the board of directors of a Delaware corporation
shall consist of one or more directors as fixed by the corporation's certifi-
cate of incorporation or bylaws.
Phillips' Bylaws provide for a board of direc-
tors consisting of not fewer than nine or greater than 21 persons.
The number
of directors of Phillips currently is fixed at ten.

                               
CUMULATIVE VOTING

                                     Tosco

Under Nevada law, stockholders of a Nevada corporation do not have the right to
cumulate their votes in the election of directors, unless such right is granted
in the articles of incorporation of the corporation.
Tosco's Amended and Re-
stated Articles of Incorporation does not provide for cumulative voting by
Tosco stockholders.
                                    
Phillips

Under Delaware law, stockholders of a Delaware corporation do not have the
right to cumulate their votes in the election of directors, unless such right
is granted in the certificate of incorporation of the corporation.
Phillips'
Restated Certificate of Incorporation does not provide for cumulative voting by
Phillips stockholders.

                             
CLASSES OF DIRECTORS

                                     Tosco

Nevada law permits, but does not require, a Nevada corporation to provide in
the articles of incorporation or bylaws of the corporation for a classified
board of directors, provided that at least one-fourth of the directors are
elected annually.
Tosco's Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation does
not provide for a classified board of directors.

                                   
Phillips

Delaware law permits, but does not require, a Delaware corporation to provide
in its certificate of incorporation for a classified board of directors, di-
viding the board of directors into up to three classes of directors with stag-
gered terms of office, with only one class of directors to be elected each
year for a maximum term of three years.
Phillips' Restated Certificate of In-
corporation does not provide for a classified board of directors.

                          
QUALIFICATIONS OF DIRECTORS

                                     Tosco

Under Nevada law, a director of a Nevada corporation need not be a stockholder
of the corporation, unless the articles of incorporation of the corporation so
requires.
Tosco's Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation does not con-
tain this requirement and Tosco's Bylaws specifically provide that directors
need not be Tosco stockholders.

                                   
Phillips

Under Delaware law, a director of a Delaware corporation need not be a stock-
holder of the corporation, unless the certificate of incorporation or bylaws
of the corporation so requires.
Phillips' Restated Certificate of Incorpora-
tion provides that a director need not be a Phillips stockholder.
Phillips'
Bylaws provide that any individual is eligible for election as a Phillips di-
rector, provided that the individual is less than 70 years of age.
Addition-
ally, any employee who is also a director, including the Chairman of the Board
of Directors, must resign as a director upon retiring as an employee.

                        
FILLING VACANCIES ON THE BOARD

                                     Tosco

Nevada law provides that all vacancies, including those vacancies caused by an
increase in the number of directors of a Nevada corporation, may be filled by
a majority of the remaining directors, even though less than a quorum, unless
otherwise provided in the articles of incorporation of the corporation.


Tosco's Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation provides that the Tosco
Board of Directors may fill vacancies or newly-created directorships in accor-
dance with its Bylaws.
Tosco's Bylaws provide that vacancies shall be filled
by a majority of the directors then in office, even though less than a quorum.

                                   
Phillips

Delaware law provides that, unless the governing documents of a Delaware cor-
poration provide otherwise, vacancies and newly-created directorships result-
ing from a resignation or an increase in the authorized number of directors
elected by all of the stockholders having the right to vote as a single class
may be filled by a majority of the directors then in office.


Vacancies on Phillips' Board of Directors may be filled by majority vote of
the remaining directors, even though less than a quorum.

                             
REMOVAL OF DIRECTORS

                                     Tosco

Under Nevada law, a director of a Nevada corporation may be removed by the
vote of the holders of not less than two-thirds of the voting power of the is-
sued and outstanding stock entitled to vote at an election of directors, un-
less the articles of incorporation of the corporation provide for a greater
percentage.
Tosco's Bylaws provide that any director may be removed with cause
only by the affirmative vote of two-thirds of common stock then outstanding.

Nevada law does not distinguish between removal for cause and without cause.

                                   
Phillips

Delaware law provides that a director or the entire board of directors of a
Delaware corporation may be removed, with or without cause, by the holders of
a majority of the shares then entitled to vote at an election of directors.

                     
NOMINATION OF DIRECTORS FOR ELECTION

                                     Tosco

Under Tosco's Bylaws, nominations for the Tosco Board of Directors may be made
by the Tosco Board of Directors or by any stockholder entitled to vote that
complies with the notice procedures described in Tosco's Bylaws.
These proce-
dures require the written notice to be received by Tosco

 .
not less than the 14 days prior to nor

 .
more than 50 days prior to any meeting called for the election of direc-
   tors.


The notice must include information on the nominee required by the proxy rules
of the SEC.

                                   
Phillips

Phillips' Bylaws require that stockholders provide advance notice of nomina-
tion of directors and stockholder proposals.
Notice for an annual meeting
would have to be received by Phillips

 .
not earlier than 90 days prior to the anniversary of last year's annual
   meeting, and

 .
not later than 60 days prior to that anniversary date.


If the date of the annual meeting is more than 30 days before or 60 days after
that anniversary date, then notice must be received by Phillips

 .
not earlier than 90 days prior to the date of the annual meeting, and

 .
not later than 60 days prior to the date of the annual meeting, or ten days
   after public announcement of that date, if later.


The notice must include information on the nominee required by the proxy rules
of the SEC.

                           ANTI-TAKEOVER PROVISIONS

                                     Tosco

Nevada law contains provisions that restrict the ability of a Nevada corpora-
tion to engage in any combination with an interested stockholder for three
years after the interested stockholder's date of acquiring the shares that
cause the stockholder to become an inter-

                                   Phillips

Delaware law contains a business combination statute that protects Delaware
corporations from hostile takeovers, and from actions following the takeover,
by prohibiting some transactions once an acquiror has gained a significant
holding in the corporation.

                               
(Tosco Continued)

ested stockholder, unless the combination or the purchase of shares by the in-
terested stockholder is approved by the board of directors of the corporation
before that date.
If the combination was not previously approved, the inter-
ested stockholder may effect the combination after the three-year period only
if that stockholder receives approval from a majority of the disinterested
shares or the offer meets various fair price criteria.
An "interested stock-
holder" means any person who is:

 .
the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of 10% or more of the voting
   power of the corporation; or

 .
an affiliate or associate of the corporation that at any time within three
   years immediately before the date in question was the beneficial owner, di-
   rectly or indirectly, of 10% or more of the voting power of the corpora-
   tion.


A Nevada corporation may elect not to be subject to the foregoing restric-
tions, and Tosco has elected not to be subject to these restrictions.


Under Nevada law, a person that acquires or offers to acquire ownership of
"control shares" of a corporation (defined as shares obtained pursuant to a
transaction in which an acquiring person reaches the 20%, 33% or majority own-
ership levels) has the right to vote those shares, and shares acquired within
the previous 90 days, only to the extent granted by a resolution of the stock-
holders approved at a special or annual meeting, unless otherwise provided in
the articles of incorporation or bylaws in effect on the tenth day following
the control acquisition.


The corporation must, within 50 days after delivery by the acquiring person of
certain disclosures, hold a special meeting to consider a resolution authoriz-
ing voting rights for the control shares, unless the acquiring person consents
in writing to a meeting to be had after 50 days.
Unless the corporation's ar-
ticles of incorporation otherwise provide (and Tosco's Amended and Restated
Articles of Incorporation does not otherwise provide), a resolution granting
voting rights must be approved by a majority vote.


The corporation may adopt a provision in its articles of incorporation or by-
laws allowing mandatory redemption of the control shares if

 .
the acquiring party fails to make certain disclosures within ten days of
   acquiring the control shares, or

                             (Phillips Continued)


Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law prohibits "business combi-
nations," including mergers, sales and leases of assets, issuances of securi-
ties and similar transactions by a corporation or a subsidiary with an inter-
ested stockholder that beneficially owns 15% or more of a corporation's voting
stock, within three years after the person becomes an interested stockholder,

unless:

 .
the transaction that will cause the person to become an interested stock-
   holder is approved by the board of directors of the target prior to the
   transaction;

 .
after the completion of the transaction in which the person becomes an in-
   terested stockholder, the interested stockholder holds at least 85% of the
   voting stock of the corporation not including:

   -- shares held by officers and directors of interested stockholders, and

   -- shares held by specified employee benefit plans; or

 .
after the person becomes an interested stockholder, the business combina-
   tion is approved by the board of directors of the corporation and holders
   of at least 66-2/3% of the outstanding voting stock, excluding shares held
   by the interested stockholder.


A Delaware corporation may elect not to be governed by Section 203 by a provi-
sion contained in the original certificate of incorporation of the corporation
or an amendment thereto or to the bylaws of the corporation, which amendment
must be approved by a majority of the shares entitled to vote and may not be
further amended by the board of directors of the corporation.
This amendment
is not effective until 12 months following its adoption.
Phillips has not made
this election.


Phillips' Restated Certificate of Incorporation requires the affirmative vote
of 75% of the outstanding shares entitled to vote for a merger, consolidation,
sale or lease of all or any substantial part of the assets of Phillips, or
liquidation, spin-off, split-off, split-up or any similar transaction involv-
ing a person that beneficially owns 10% or more of the outstanding shares of
Phillips common stock or is an affiliate of that person.
The provision does
not apply if:

 .
a majority of the directors in place prior to the transaction are in place
   after the transaction and approve the transaction, or

                               (Tosco Continued)

 .
the control shares are not accorded full voting rights at the meeting at
   which the issue is considered.


Tosco has not adopted a provision in Tosco's Amended and Restated Articles of
Incorporation or Tosco's Bylaws relating to mandatory redemption of control
shares.


Unless the articles of incorporation or bylaws of the corporation otherwise
provide (and Tosco's Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws
do not otherwise provide), if the acquiring party has

 .
acquired a majority (or larger) stake and

 .
been accorded full voting rights,

any holder that did not vote in favor of granting voting rights is entitled to
put his or her shares to the corporation for "fair value" (defined as the high-
est price paid by the acquiring party for control shares).


A corporation may impose stricter requirements than those established by this
statute through a charter or bylaw amendment or by resolution.
Tosco has not
adopted a provision in Tosco's Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation
or Tosco's Bylaws, or otherwise adopted a resolution, imposing stricter re-
quirements than those established by this statute.


The provisions of Nevada law relating to the acquisition of control shares of a
Nevada corporation do not apply to an acquisition of stock in good faith, with-
out an intention to avoid the statutory requirements, including acquisitions:

 .
by an acquiring person to the extent that the new acquisition does not re-
   sult in the acquiring person obtaining a controlling interest greater than
   that previously authorized;

 .
pursuant to the laws of descent and distribution, the enforcement of a
   judgment or the satisfaction of a pledge or other security interest; or

 .
pursuant to a merger or reorganization to which the corporation is a party
   that is effected in compliance with the provisions of Nevada law.


Nevada law provides that the board of directors of a Nevada corporation may
take action to protect the interests of the corporation and its stockholders,
including adopting or executing a rights plan.
Tosco has adopted the Tosco
rights plan.

                             
(Phillips Continued)

 .
a number of other conditions are met, including a condition requiring the
   payment received by the stockholders to be at least equal to the highest
   price paid by the person for shares prior to the transaction.

                               
(Tosco Continued)


Under Nevada law, when evaluating a change in control opportunity, the board
of directors of a Nevada corporation may consider a number of constituencies,
including the interests of employees, suppliers, creditors and customers, the
economy of the state and nation, the interests of the community and of socie-
ty, and the long-term and short-term interests of the corporation and its
stockholders and is not required to consider the effect of a change of control
on any particular group having an interest in the corporation as a dominant
factor.


Tosco has not adopted a supermajority voting provision for mergers, consolida-
tions, sales or leases of substantially all of Tosco's assets or any similar
transactions.


Tosco's Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation provides that Tosco may
not repurchase Tosco common stock from any five percent or greater Tosco
stockholder at a price in excess of the then-current market price for Tosco
common stock unless the repurchase is approved by the holders of a majority of
the outstanding Tosco common stock.

                            
STOCKHOLDER RIGHTS PLAN

                                     Tosco

Tosco has implemented the Tosco rights plan, under which a group of persons
becomes an acquiring person upon a public announcement that they have acquired
or intend to acquire 15% or more of Tosco's voting stock.


Tosco's rights may not be redeemed for 180 days following any stockholder ac-
tion if after that stockholder action a majority of Tosco's directors then
serving were not nominated by the Tosco Board of Directors immediately preced-
ing that stockholder action if the redemption would be likely to facilitate
any person becoming an acquiring person.


In connection with the proposed merger, Tosco amended the Tosco rights plan to
exempt Phillips and its affiliates from triggering the Tosco rights plan.

                                   
Phillips

Phillips has implemented the Phillips rights plan, under which a group of per-
sons becomes an acquiring person upon a public announcement that they have ac-
quired or intend to acquire 15% or more of Phillips' voting stock.
This
threshold can be reduced by amendment of the Phillips rights plan.
Each share
of Phillips common stock issued in the merger will be issued with an attached
right.

                     
STOCKHOLDER ACTION WITHOUT A MEETING

                                     Tosco

In accordance with Nevada law, Tosco's Bylaws provide that any action required
or permitted to be taken at a stockholders meeting may be taken without a
meeting pursuant to the written consent of the holders of the number of shares
of Tosco common stock that would have been required to effect the action at an
actual meeting of Tosco stockholders.

                                   
Phillips

As permitted under Delaware law, Phillips' Restated Certificate of Incorpora-
tion and Bylaws prohibit stockholder action by written consent and mandate
that any action required or permitted to be taken by Phillips stockholders
must be effected at a duly called annual or special meeting.

                   
CALLING SPECIAL MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS

                                     Tosco

Nevada law does not specifically address who may call special meetings of
stockholders of a Nevada corporation.
Tosco's Bylaws provide that a special
meeting of stockholders may be called by resolution of the Tosco Board of Di-
rectors.
                                   
Phillips

Under Delaware law, a special meeting of stockholders of a Delaware corpora-
tion may be called by the board of directors of the corporation or by any
other person authorized to do so in the certificate of incorporation or the
bylaws of the corporation.
Phillips' Restated Certificate of Incorporation
provides that a special meeting of stockholders may be called only by the
President, the Chairman of the Board or a majority of Phillips' Board of Di-
rectors.
Phillips stockholders do not have the ability to call a special meet-
ing of stockholders.

                      
SUBMISSION OF STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS

                                     Tosco

Tosco's Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws do not spec-
ify advance notice requirements for the submission of stockholder proposals by
Tosco stockholders.
                                   
Phillips

Phillips' Bylaws specify advance notice requirements that conform to the re-
quirements of Delaware law.
Notice for an annual meeting would have to be re-
ceived by Phillips

 .
not earlier than 90 days prior to the anniversary of last year's annual
   meeting, and

 .
not later than 60 days prior to such anniversary date.


If the date of the annual meeting is more than 30 days before or 60 days after
such anniversary date, then notice must be received by Phillips

 .
not earlier than 90 days prior to the date of the annual meeting, and

 .
not later than 60 days prior to the date of the annual meeting or 10 days
   after public announcement of such date, if later.


The notice must include a description of the stockholder proposal, the reasons
for conducting the business desired to be brought before the meeting and other
information.

                        NOTICE OF STOCKHOLDERS MEETINGS

                                     Tosco


In accordance with Nevada law, Tosco's Bylaws provide for written notice to
stockholders of record not less than 10 nor more than 60 days prior to an an-
nual or special meeting.

                                   
Phillips

In accordance with Delaware law, Phillips' Bylaws provide for written notice
to stockholders of record not less than 10 nor more than 60 days prior to an
annual or special meeting.

                     
STOCKHOLDER VOTE REQUIRED FOR MERGERS

                                     Tosco

Under Nevada law, a merger, share exchange or sale of all of a Nevada corpora-
tion's assets must be adopted by the board of directors of the corporation and
approved by a majority of the corporation's voting power, unless stockholders
of a class of stock are entitled to vote as a class, in which case the ap-
proval of each class is also required.
However, no vote of stockholders of a
constituent corporation surviving a merger is required if:

 .
the merger agreement does not amend the articles of incorporation of the
   surviving corporation;

 .
each share of stock of the surviving corporation outstanding before the
   merger is an identical outstanding or treasury share after the merger; and

 .
either no shares of common stock of the surviving corporation are to be is-
   sued or delivered pursuant to the merger, or, if common stock will be is-
   sued or delivered, it will not increase the number of shares of common
   stock outstanding immediately prior to the merger by more than 20%.

                                   
Phillips

Under Delaware law, a merger, consolidation or sale of all or substantially
all of a Delaware corporation's assets must be approved by the board of direc-
tors of the corporation and by a majority of the outstanding stock of the cor-
poration entitled to vote thereon.
However, no vote of stockholders of a con-
stituent corporation surviving a merger is required, unless the corporation
provides otherwise in its certificate of incorporation of the corporation, if:

 .
the merger agreement does not amend the certificate of incorporation of the
   surviving corporation;

 .
each share of stock of the surviving corporation outstanding before the
   merger is an identical outstanding or treasury share after the merger; and

 .
either no shares of common stock of the surviving corporation are to be is-
   sued or delivered pursuant to the merger, or, if common stock will be is-
   sued or delivered, it will not increase the number of shares of common
   stock outstanding immediately prior to the merger by more than 20%.

                                   
DIVIDENDS

                                     Tosco

Except as otherwise provided in the articles of incorporation of a Nevada cor-
poration, Nevada law authorizes the corporation to make distributions to its
stockholders, unless:

 .
the corporation would not be able to pay its debts as they become due in
   the usual course of business, or

 .
the corporation's total assets would be less than the sum of its total lia-
   bilities plus any amount owed to stockholders with preferential rights su-
   perior to those receiving the distribution, if the corporation were dis-
   solved at the time of distri-

                                   Phillips

Under Delaware law, a Delaware corporation may pay dividends out of surplus
or, if there is no surplus, out of net profits for the fiscal year in which
declared and for the preceding fiscal year.
Delaware law also provides that
dividends may not be paid out of net profits if, after the payment of the div-
idend, capital is less than the capital represented by the outstanding stock
of all classes having a preference upon the distribution of assets.
Phillips'
Bylaws provide that the directors have the right to declare dividends to the
full extent permitted by law.

                               
(Tosco Continued)

  bution, unless such distribution is specifically allowed by the corpora-
  tion's articles of incorporation.


Tosco's Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation contains no restrictions
on the declaration or payment of dividends.

                        RIGHTS OF PREFERRED STOCKHOLDERS

   Neither Phillips nor Tosco has any preferred stock outstanding.

                                
APPRAISAL RIGHTS

                                     Tosco

Nevada law provides stockholders of a Nevada corporation involved in a merger
the right to demand and receive payment of the fair value of their stock in
certain mergers.
However, unless otherwise provided in the articles of incorpo-
ration of the corporation (and Tosco's Amended and Restated Articles of Incor-
poration does not otherwise provide), appraisal rights are not available to
holders of shares:

 .
listed on a national securities exchange,

 .
included in the national market system by the National Association of Secu-
   rities Dealers, Inc., or

 .
held of record by at least 2,000 stockholders,

unless holders of stock are required to accept in the merger anything other
than any combination of:
 .
cash, owner's interests or owner's interests and cash in lieu of fractional
   shares of:

   --the surviving or acquiring entity in the merger, or

   --another entity that, at the effective date of the merger, will be:

    (right arrow) listed on a national securities exchange,

    (right arrow) included in the national market system by the National
                  Association of Securities Dealers, or

    (right arrow) held of record by at least 2,000 stockholders.


Dissenters' appraisal rights are not available to Tosco stockholders with re-
spect to the merger.

                                    
Phillips

Delaware law provides stockholders of a Delaware corporation involved in a
merger the right to demand and receive payment of the fair value of their stock
in certain mergers.
However, appraisal rights are not available to holders of
shares:

 .
listed on a national securities exchange,

 .
designated as a national market system security on an interdealer quotation
   system operated by the National Association of Securities Dealers, or

 .
held of record by more than 2,000 stockholders,

unless holders of stock are required to accept in the merger anything other
than any combination of:

 .
shares of stock or depository receipts of the surviving corporation in the
   merger,

 .
shares of stock or depository receipts of another corporation that, at the
   effective date of the merger, will be:

    --listed on a national securities exchange,

    --designated as a national market system security on an interdealer quo-
      tation system operated by the National Association of Securities Deal-
      ers, or

    --held of record by more than 2,000 holders; and

 .
cash instead of fractional shares of the stock or depository receipts re-
   ceived.


Dissenters' appraisal rights are not available to Phillips stockholders with
respect to the merger.

                         
STOCKHOLDER PREEMPTIVE RIGHTS

                                     Tosco

Nevada law provides that stockholders have a preemptive right to acquire
unissued shares of a Nevada corporation, treasury shares of the corporation or
securities convertible into these shares upon such terms as the board of di-
rectors of the corporation fixes for the purpose of providing a fair and rea-
sonable opportunity for the exercise of this right, except to the extent oth-
erwise limited by the corporation's articles of incorporation.


Tosco's Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation provides that no Tosco
stockholder shall have preemptive rights.

                                   
Phillips

Delaware law provides that no stockholder shall have any preemptive rights to
purchase additional securities of the corporation unless the certificate of
incorporation expressly grants these rights.
Phillips' Restated Certificate of
Incorporation does not provide for preemptive rights for Phillips stockhold-
ers.

                        
INSPECTION OF STOCKHOLDER LISTS

                                     Tosco

Under Nevada law any person that has been a stockholder of record of a Nevada
corporation for at least six months, or any person holding or representing at
least 5% of its outstanding shares, upon at least five days' written demand,
may inspect its stock ledger and make copies from it.
A corporation must allow
stockholders of record that own or represent at least 15% of a corporation's
shares the right, upon at least five days' written demand, to inspect the
books of accounting and financial records of the corporation, to make copies
from them and to conduct an audit of those records, except that any corpora-
tion listed and traded on any recognized stock exchange or any corporation
that furnishes to its stockholders a detailed, annual financial statement is
exempt from this requirement.

                                   
Phillips

Delaware law allows any stockholder to inspect the stock ledger and the other
books and records of a Delaware corporation for a purpose reasonably related
to that person's interest as a stockholder.
Phillips' Restated Certificate of
Incorporation provides that all other inspection rights must be specifically
granted by resolution of the Phillips Board of Directors.

                        
STOCKHOLDER CLASS VOTING RIGHTS

                                     Tosco


With respect to mergers, Nevada law requires voting by separate classes and
series of shares if the plan of merger contains a provision that if contained
in an amendment to the articles of incorporation of the corporation would en-
title the particular class of stockholders to vote as a class on the proposed
amendment.


With respect to share exchanges, Nevada law requires voting by each separate
class or series of shares included in the exchange, with each class
constituting a separate voting class.

                                   
Phillips

Delaware law requires voting by separate classes of shares only with respect
to amendments to a Delaware corporation's certificate of incorporation that
adversely affect the holders of those classes or that increase or decrease the
aggregate number of authorized shares or the par value of the shares of any of
those classes.


Phillips only has one class of shares outstanding.

                               
(Tosco Continued)

Nevada law also requires, in addition to the affirmative vote otherwise re-
quired, voting and approval by the separate classes of shares for any amend-
ment to the articles of incorporation if the amendment would alter or change
any preference or relative or other right given to any such class or series of
outstanding shares.


Tosco only has one class of shares outstanding.

                                
INDEMNIFICATION

                                     Tosco

Nevada law provides that, subject to certain limitations in the case of deriv-
ative suits brought by a corporation's stockholders in its name, a corporation
may indemnify any individual who is made a party to any third-party suit or
proceeding on account of being a director, officer, employee or agent of the
corporation against expenses, including attorneys' fees, judgments, fines and
amounts paid in settlement reasonably and actually incurred by him or her in
connection with the action, through, among other things, a majority vote of a
quorum consisting of directors who were not parties to the suit or proceeding,
if the individual:

 .
acted in good faith and in a manner he or she reasonably believed to be in
   or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation or, in some circum-
   stances, at least not opposed to its best interests, provided that the ter-
   mination of any action or suit by judgment, order, settlement, conviction
   or on a plea of nolo contendere does not create a presumption by itself
   that the individual did not act in good faith, and

 .
in a criminal proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his or her
   conduct was unlawful.


To the extent a director, officer, employee or agent is successful on the
merits or otherwise in the defense of this action, suit or proceeding, the
corporation is required by Nevada law to indemnify the individual for reason-
able and actual expenses incurred thereby.


Tosco's Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation provides for indemnifi-
cation, to the fullest extent of the law, for each individual authorized to be
indemnified under the law.


Any of the following may make the required determination:

 .
the stockholders,
                                   Phillips

Delaware law provides that, subject to certain limitations in the case of de-
rivative suits brought by a corporation's stockholders in its name, a corpora-
tion may indemnify any individual who is made a party to any third-party suit
or proceeding on account of being a director, officer, employee or agent of
the corporation against expenses, including attorneys' fees, judgments, fines
and amounts paid in settlement reasonably incurred by him or her in connection
with the action, through, among other things, a majority vote of a quorum con-
sisting of directors who were not parties to the suit or proceeding, if the
individual:

 .
acted in good faith and in a manner he or she reasonably believed to be in
   or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation or, in some circum-
   stances, at least not opposed to its best interests; and

 .
in a criminal proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his or her
   conduct was unlawful.


To the extent a director, officer, employee or agent is successful in the de-
fense of the action, suit or proceeding, the corporation is required by Dela-
ware law to indemnify such individual for reasonable expenses incurred there-
by.


Phillips' Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws provide for indem-
nification, to the fullest extent authorized by Delaware law, for each indi-
vidual who was or is made a party to, is threatened to be made a party to or
is involved in any action, suit or proceeding because he or she is or was a
director, officer or employee of Phillips (or was serving at the request of
Phillips as a director, trustee, officer, employee, or agent of another enti-
ty) while serving in that capacity against all expenses, liabilities, or loss
incurred by that individual in connection therewith, provided that indemnifi-
cation in connection with a

                               (Tosco Continued)

 .
a majority vote of a quorum of the board of directors consisting of direc-
   tors not parties to such action, or

 .
special legal counsel.


The right to indemnification is not exclusive of any other right that any in-
dividual may have or acquire under any statute, provision of Tosco's Amended
and Restated Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws, agreement, vote of stock-
holders or disinterested directors or otherwise.

                             
(Phillips Continued)

proceeding brought by that individual will be permitted only if the proceeding
was authorized by the Phillips Board of Directors.


Phillips' Bylaws also provide that Phillips must pay expenses incurred in de-
fending the proceedings specified above in advance of their final disposition,
provided that, if so required by Delaware law, the advance payments for ex-
penses incurred by a director or officer may be made only if he or she under-
takes to repay all amounts so advanced if it is ultimately determined that the
individual receiving the advance payments is not entitled to be indemnified.


The right to indemnification is not exclusive of any other right that any in-
dividual may have or acquire under any statute, provision of Phillips' Re-
stated Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws, agreement, vote of stockholders
or disinterested directors or otherwise.

               LIMITATIONS ON DIRECTORS' AND OFFICERS' LIABILITY

                                     Tosco

Tosco's Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation provides that, to the
fullest extent permitted by Nevada law, a director or officer of Tosco shall
not be personally liable to Tosco or any of Tosco's stockholders for damages
or for breach of fiduciary duty as a director or officer, except for liability
arising out of:

 .
acts or omissions that involve intentional misconduct, fraud or a knowing
   violation of law; or

 .
payment of a dividend in violation of Nevada law.

                                   
Phillips

Phillips' Restated Certificate of Incorporation provides that a director of
Phillips shall not be liable personally to Phillips or Phillips stockholders
for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, except for
liability arising out of:

 .
any breach of the director's duty of loyalty to Phillips or Phillips stock-
   holders;

 .
acts or omissions not in good faith or that involve intentional misconduct
   or a knowing violation of law;

 .
payment of a dividend or approval of a stock repurchase in violation of
   Delaware law; or

 .
any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal bene-
   fit.


This provision protects Phillips' directors against personal liability for
monetary damages related to breaches of their duty of care.
It does not elimi-
nate the director's duty of care and has no effect on the availability of eq-
uitable remedies, such as an injunction or rescission, based upon a director's
breach of his or her duty of care.

                              
CHARTER AMENDMENTS

                                     Tosco

Under Nevada law, amendments to the articles of incorporation may be adopted
if recommended by the board of directors of the corporation and approved by a
majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote.


Tosco's Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation may be amended in ac-
cordance with Nevada law.


Shares of Tosco preferred stock currently authorized in Tosco's Amended and
Restated Articles of Incorporation may be issued by the Tosco Board of Direc-
tors without amending Tosco's Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation
or otherwise obtaining the approval of Tosco stockholders.

                                   
Phillips

Under Delaware law, amendments to a certificate of incorporation of the corpo-
ration require the approval of the board of directors of the corporation and
stockholders holding a majority of the outstanding stock of the class entitled
to vote on the amendment as a class, unless a different proportion is speci-
fied in the certificate of incorporation or by other provisions of Delaware
law.


Phillips' Restated Certificate of Incorporation may be amended only if the
proposed amendment is approved by the Phillips Board of Directors and thereaf-
ter approved by a majority of the outstanding stock entitled to vote thereon
and by a majority of the outstanding stock of each class entitled to vote
thereon as a class.
Amendment of the super-majority provisions of Phillips'
Restated Certificate of Incorporation described under "--Anti-Takeover Provi-
sions" and amendments to the provisions restricting the ability of stockhold-
ers to call a special meeting or act without a meeting require the affirmative
vote of at least 80% of the voting power of all outstanding shares of the cor-
poration entitled to vote generally in the election of directors.


Shares of Phillips preferred stock currently authorized in Phillips' Restated
Certificate of Incorporation may be issued by the Phillips Board of Directors
without amending Phillips' Restated Certificate of Incorporation or otherwise
obtaining the approval of Phillips stockholders.

                              
AMENDMENT OF BYLAWS

                                     Tosco

Under Nevada law, the board of directors of the corporation may adopt, amend
and repeal the bylaws of the corporation, subject to any bylaws adopted by the
stockholders.


Tosco's Bylaws provide that the Tosco Board of Directors has the power to
make, alter or amend Tosco's Bylaws by majority vote of the whole Board.

Tosco's Bylaws also may be adopted, amended or repealed by the affirmative
vote of more than 60% of the outstanding voting shares of Tosco.

                                   
Phillips

Under Delaware law, holders of a majority of the voting power of a corpora-
tion, and, when provided in the certificate of incorporation, the directors of
the corporation, have the power to adopt, amend and repeal the bylaws of a
corporation.


Phillips' Bylaws generally provide for amendment by a majority of the out-
standing stock entitled to vote on the matter, or, if the stockholders did not
enact the bylaw, by a majority of Phillips' Board of Directors.

                       RIGHTS OF DISSENTING STOCKHOLDERS

   Under applicable Delaware and Nevada law, holders of Phillips common stock
and holders of Tosco common stock do not have any dissenters' rights of
appraisal in connection with the merger.

                                 
LEGAL MATTERS

   
The validity of the Phillips common stock to be issued in the merger will
be passed upon by J. Bryan Whitworth, Esq., Executive Vice President, General
Counsel and Chief Administrative Officer of Phillips.
As of the date of this
joint proxy statement/prospectus, Mr. Whitworth beneficially owns 142,308
shares of Phillips common stock and currently unexercisable options to
purchase 76,025 additional shares of Phillips common stock.

                                    
EXPERTS

   Ernst & Young LLP, independent auditors, have audited the consolidated
financial statements and schedule of Phillips included in Phillips' Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1999, as amended, as set
forth in their report, which is incorporated by reference in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus.
Phillips' financial statements and schedule are
incorporated by reference in reliance on Ernst & Young LLP's report, given on
their authority as experts in accounting and auditing.

   
The financial statements incorporated in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus by reference to Tosco's Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the year ended December 31, 1999, have been so incorporated in reliance on the
report of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, independent accountants, given on the
authority of said firm as experts in auditing and accounting.

                             
STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS

   
As the result of the merger, Tosco does not anticipate holding its 2001
annual meeting of stockholders.

   
Stockholder proposals for Phillips' 2001 annual meeting of stockholders
must have been received on or before December 6, 2000, at the Office of the
Secretary at Phillips' executive officers located at the Phillips Building,
Bartlesville, Oklahoma 74004, in order to be eligible for inclusion in
Phillips' proxy materials for the 2001 annual meeting of stockholders.

   
Stockholder proposals intended to be presented at Tosco's 2001 annual
meeting of stockholders, if the 2001 annual meeting of stockholders is held,
must have been received on or before December 9, 2000 at Tosco's executive
offices located at 1700 East Putnam Road, Old Greenwich, Connecticut 06870, to
be considered for inclusion in Tosco's proxy materials for the 2001 annual
meeting of stockholders.

                                 
OTHER MATTERS

   As of the date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus, the Phillips Board
of Directors and the Tosco Board of Directors know of no matters that will be
presented for consideration at the Phillips special meeting or the Tosco
special meeting, respectively, other than as described in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus.
If any other matters do properly come before either
special meeting or any adjournments or postponements of those special meetings
and are voted upon, the enclosed proxies will be deemed to confer
discretionary authority on the individuals named as proxies to vote the shares
represented by those proxies as to any of those other matters.

                             
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS

   Representatives of Ernst & Young LLP will be present at the Phillips
special meeting and representatives of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP will be
present at the Tosco special meeting.
In each case, those representatives will
have the opportunity to make a statement if they desire to do so and are
expected to be available to respond to appropriate questions.

                      
WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

   Phillips and Tosco file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy
statements and other information with the SEC.
You may read and copy any such
reports, statements or other information filed by either Phillips or Tosco at
the SEC's Public Reference Room at 450 Fifth Street, N.W., Washington, D.C.
20549.
Please call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further information on the
public reference rooms.
The SEC filings of Phillips and Tosco are also
available to the public from commercial document retrieval services and at the
Web site maintained by the SEC at http://www.sec.gov.
You can also inspect
reports, proxy statements and other information about Phillips and Tosco at the
offices of the New York Stock Exchange, Inc., 20 Broad Street, New York, New
York 10005.

   
Phillips has filed a Registration Statement on Form S-4 to register with the
SEC the Phillips common stock to be issued to Tosco stockholders in the merger.

This joint proxy statement/prospectus is a part of that Registration Statement
and constitutes a proxy statement and a prospectus of Phillips, in addition to
being a proxy statement of Tosco for the Tosco special meeting.
The
Registration Statement, including the attached exhibits and schedules, contains
additional relevant information about Phillips and Tosco and Phillips common
stock.
As allowed by SEC rules, this joint proxy statement/prospectus does not
contain all the information you can find in the registration statement or the
exhibits to the registration statement.
Summaries contained in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus of the contents of any agreement or other document
referred to in this joint proxy statement/prospectus are not necessarily
complete and we refer you to the complete copy of that agreement or other
document for its precise legal terms and other information that may be
important to you.

   
The SEC allows Phillips and Tosco to "incorporate by reference" information
into this joint proxy statement/prospectus.
This means that Phillips and Tosco
can disclose important information to you by referring you to another document
filed separately with the SEC.
The information incorporated by reference is
considered to be a part of this joint proxy statement/prospectus, except for
any information that is superseded by information that is included directly in
this joint proxy statement/prospectus or incorporated by reference subsequent
to the date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

   
This joint proxy statement/prospectus incorporates by reference the
documents listed below that Phillips and Tosco have previously filed with the
SEC.
They contain important information about Phillips and Tosco and their
financial condition.


PHILLIPS SEC FILINGS                         PERIOD/FILING DATE
Annual Report on Form 10-K, as amended       Year ended December 31, 1999

Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q               Quarters ended March 31, June 30,
                                                  and September 30, 2000

Current Reports on Form 8-K                  February 21, 2001
                                             February 5, 2001
                                             August 10, 2000
                                             July 14, 2000
                                             June 1, 2000
                                             May 18, 2000
                                             May 11, 2000
                                             May 8, 2000
                                             April 18, 2000
                                             April 13, 2000
                                             February 15, 2000
                                             February 10, 2000

The description of Phillips common stock
contained in Phillips' Registration
Statement on Form 8-A and any amendments
thereto filed for the purpose of updating
such description

The description of Phillips' preferred
share purchase rights contained in
Phillips' Registration Statement on Form 8-
A, filed December 16, 1999, and any
amendments thereto filed for the purpose of
updating such description

TOSCO SEC FILINGS                            PERIOD/FILING DATE
Annual Report on Form 10-K                   Year ended December 31, 1999

Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q               Quarters ended March 31, June 30,
                                                  and September 30, 2000

Current Reports on Form 8-K                  February 6, 2001
                                             October 25, 2000
                                             September 21, 2000
                                             September 15, 2000
                                             June 14, 2000

The description of Tosco common stock
contained in Tosco's Registration Statement
on Form 8-A, filed June 29, 1989, and any
amendments thereto filed for the purpose of
updating such description

The description of Tosco's rights to
acquire shares of Tosco series A junior
participating preferred stock contained in
Tosco's Registration Statement on Form 8-A,
filed November 24, 1998, and any amendments
thereto filed for the purpose of updating
such description

   In addition, Phillips and Tosco incorporate by reference additional
documents that either may file with the SEC pursuant to Sections 13(a), 13(c),
14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act between the date of this joint proxy
statement/prospectus and the dates of the Phillips special meeting and the
Tosco special meeting, respectively.
These documents include periodic reports,
such as Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current
Reports on Form 8-K, as well as proxy statements.

   
Phillips has supplied all information contained or incorporated by reference
in this joint proxy statement/prospectus relating to Phillips, and Tosco has
supplied all the information relating to Tosco.

   
You can obtain any of the documents incorporated by reference in this joint
proxy statement/prospectus through Phillips or Tosco, as the case may be, or
from the SEC through the SEC's Internet Web site at the address described
above.
Documents incorporated by reference are available from Phillips and
Tosco without charge, excluding any exhibits to those documents, unless the
exhibit is specifically incorporated by reference as an exhibit in this joint
proxy statement/prospectus.
You can obtain these documents by requesting them
in writing (including by e-mail request) or by telephone from the appropriate
company at the following addresses:

                PHILLIPS                                 TOSCO
           Investor Relations                      Investor Relations
       Phillips Petroleum Company                  Tosco Corporation
           Phillips Building                     1700 East Putnam Road
      Bartlesville, Oklahoma 74004          Old Greenwich, Connecticut 06870
             (918) 661-3700                          (203) 698-7508

   IF YOU WOULD LIKE TO REQUEST DOCUMENTS, PLEASE DO SO BY APRIL 4, 2001, TO
RECEIVE THEM BEFORE THE SPECIAL MEETINGS.
If you request any incorporated
documents from us, we will mail them to you by first class mail, or another
equally prompt means, within one business day after we receive your request.

   
We have not authorized anyone to give any information or make any
representation about the merger or our companies that is different from, or in
addition to, that contained in this joint proxy statement/prospectus or in any
of the materials that we have incorporated into this joint proxy
statement/prospectus.
Therefore, if anyone does give you information of this
sort, you should not rely on it.
If you are in a jurisdiction where offers to
exchange or sell, or solicitations of offers to exchange or purchase, the
securities offered by this joint proxy statement/prospectus or the solicitation
of proxies is unlawful, or if you are a person to whom it is unlawful to direct
these types of activities, then the offer presented in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus does not extend to you.
The information contained in this
joint proxy statement/prospectus speaks only as of the date of this document
unless the information specifically indicates that another date applies.

               
UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED FINANCIAL INFORMATION

UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

   
The following unaudited pro forma combined financial statements combine the
historical consolidated balance sheets and statements of income of Phillips and
Tosco, giving effect to the merger using the purchase method of accounting.

Phillips' historical income statements have been adjusted to reflect the pro
forma impact of the acquisition of ARCO's Alaskan businesses and the formation
of Duke Energy Field Services and Chevron Phillips Chemical Company during the
first nine months of 2000.
Tosco's historical income statements have been
adjusted for the pro forma impact of the sale of the Avon refinery on August
31, 2000.

   
We are providing the following information to aid you in your analysis of
the financial aspects of the merger.
We derived this information from the
audited financial statements of Phillips and Tosco for the year ended December
31, 1999.
The income statement information for the nine-month period ended
September 30, 2000, and the balance sheet information at September 30, 2000,
were derived from the unaudited financial information of the companies.
The
information should be read together with our historical financial statements
and related notes contained in the annual reports and other information that we
have filed with the SEC and incorporated herein by reference.
See "Where You
Can Find More Information.
"

   The unaudited pro forma combined statements of income assume the merger was
effected on January 1, 1999.
The unaudited pro forma combined balance sheet
gives effect to the merger as if it had occurred on September 30, 2000.
The
accounting policies of Phillips and Tosco are substantially comparable.
The
only conforming accounting policy adjustment reflected in the unaudited pro
forma combined financial statements relates to accounting for turnaround costs.

   
The unaudited pro forma combined financial information is for illustrative
purposes only.
The financial results may have been different had the companies
always been combined.
Further, the unaudited pro forma combined financial
statements do not reflect the effect of asset dispositions, if any, that may be
required by order of regulatory authorities, or anticipated synergies resulting
from the merger.
You should not rely on the pro forma combined financial
information as being indicative of the historical results that would have been
achieved had the companies always been combined or the future results that
Phillips will experience.

                           
PHILLIPS PETROLEUM COMPANY

                UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED STATEMENT OF INCOME

                                                  MILLIONS OF DOLLARS
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                                                        PHILLIPS
                                         PHILLIPS  TOSCO                  AND
                                            AS       AS     PRO FORMA    TOSCO
Year Ended December 31, 1999             ADJUSTED ADJUSTED ADJUSTMENTS  COMBINED
- ----------------------------             --------
-------- -----------  
--------
                                           (A)      (B)

REVENUES
Sales and other operating revenues...... $12,444    13,659               26,103
Equity in earnings of affiliated
 companies..............................     340        --                  340
Other revenues..........................     196        46                  242
                                         -------  --------              -------
    Total Revenues......................  12,980    13,705               26,685
                                         -------  --------              -------
COSTS AND EXPENSES
Purchased crude oil and products........   
6,437    10,768     240(d)    17,445
Production and operating expenses.......   2,037     1,312      85(c)     3,434
Exploration expenses....................     280        --                  280
Selling, general and administrative
 expenses...............................     443       296                  739
Depreciation, depletion and
 amortization...........................   1,154       256      64(c)     1,474
Property impairments....................      69        --                   69
Taxes other than income taxes...........     416       126                  542
Interest expense........................     
468       105                  573
Foreign currency transaction losses.....      32        --                   32
Preferred dividend requirements of
 capital trusts.........................      53        17     (17)(e)       53
                                         -------  --------    ----      
-------
    Total Costs and Expenses............  
11,389    12,880     372       24,641
                                         -------  
--------    ----      
-------
Income before income taxes..............   1,591       825    (372)       2,044
Provision for income taxes..............     
716       337    (124)(f)      929
                                         -------  --------    ----      -------
NET INCOME..............................
$   875       488    (248)       1,115
                                         =======  ========    ====      =======
NET INCOME PER SHARE OF COMMON STOCK
  Basic................................. $  3.46      3.28                 2.97
  Diluted...............................    3.44      3.12                 2.93
AVERAGE COMMON SHARES OUTSTANDING
 (in thousands)
  Basic................................. 252,827   148,886              376,027(g)
  Diluted............................... 254,433   159,856              381,068(g)

             
See Notes to Unaudited Pro Forma Financial Statements.

                           
PHILLIPS PETROLEUM COMPANY

                UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED STATEMENT OF INCOME

                                                  MILLIONS OF DOLLARS
                                         --------------------------------------
                                                                       PHILLIPS
                                         PHILLIPS  TOSCO                 AND
                                            AS       AS     PRO FORMA   TOSCO
Nine Months Ended September 30, 2000     ADJUSTED ADJUSTED ADJUSTMENTS COMBINED
- ------------------------------------     --------
-------- -----------
--------
                                           (A)      (B)

REVENUES
Sales and other operating revenues...... $14,226    16,154              30,380
Equity in earnings of affiliated
 companies..............................     
302        --                 302
Other revenues..........................      
54        26                  80
                                         -------  --------             -------
    Total Revenues......................  
14,582    16,180              30,762
                                         -------  --------             -------
COSTS AND EXPENSES
Purchased crude oil and products........   7,915    13,750              21,665
Production and operating expenses.......   1,484     1,141      57(c)    2,682
Exploration expenses....................     213        --                 213
Selling, general and administrative
 expenses...............................     375       243                 618
Depreciation, depletion and
 amortization...........................     
936       226      15(c)    1,177
Property impairments....................      97        --                  97
Taxes other than income taxes...........     400       112                 512
Interest expense........................     320       111                 431
Foreign currency transaction losses.....      47        --                  47
Preferred dividend requirements of
 capital trusts.........................      40        13     (13)(e)      40
                                         -------  --------     ---     -------
    Total Costs and Expenses............  11,827    15,596      59      27,482
                                         -------  --------     ---     -------
Income before income taxes..............   2,755       584     (59)      3,280
Provision for income taxes..............   1,404       237      (6)(f)   1,635
                                         -------  --------     ---     -------
NET INCOME..............................
$ 1,351       347     (53)      1,645
                                         =======  ========     ===     =======
NET INCOME PER SHARE OF COMMON STOCK
  Basic................................. $  5.31      2.40                4.36
  Diluted...............................    5.28      2.29                4.30
AVERAGE COMMON SHARES OUTSTANDING
 (in thousands)
  Basic................................. 254,217   144,462             377,417(g)
  Diluted............................... 255,769   155,356             382,404(g)

             See Notes to Unaudited Pro Forma Financial Statements.

                           
PHILLIPS PETROLEUM COMPANY

                   UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED BALANCE SHEET

                                                MILLIONS OF DOLLARS
                                        ---------------------------------------
                                                                       PHILLIPS
                                                                         AND
                                                          PRO FORMA     TOSCO

At September 30, 2000                   PHILLIPS  TOSCO  ADJUSTMENTS   COMBINED
- ---------------------                   --------  -----  -----------   --------

ASSETS
Cash and cash equivalents.............  $    88      18       (15)(c)       91
Accounts and notes receivable (less
 allowances: Phillips--$18; Tosco--
 $18).................................    
1,567     968                  2,535
Inventories...........................      439   1,827       690 (h)    2,956
Deferred income taxes.................      195      --                    195
Prepaid expenses and other current
 assets...............................      165     163                    328
                                        -------   -----    ------       ------
   Total Current Assets...............    2,454   2,976       675        6,105

Investments and long-term
 receivables..........................    2,897      78                  2,975
Properties, plants and equipment
 (net)................................   15,040   4,817     2,433 (c)   22,290
Identifiable intangible assets (net)..       --     587       413 (c)    1,000
Goodwill..............................       --      --     2,349 (c)    2,349
Deferred turnarounds (net)............       --     144      (144)(c)       --
Deferred income taxes.................        2      --                      2
Deferred charges and other assets.....      187      99                    286
                                        -------   -----    ------       ------
   Total..............................  $20,580   8,701     5,726       35,007
                                        =======   =====    ======       ======
LIABILITIES
Accounts payable......................  $ 1,754   1,643                  3,397
Notes payable and long-term debt due
 within one year......................      410     152                    562
Accrued income and other taxes........      892     377                  1,269
Deferred taxes........................       --      84       (84)(c)       --
Other accruals........................      461     602       150 (i)    1,213
                                        -------   
-----    ------       ------
   Total Current Liabilities..........    3,517   2,858        66        6,441
Long-term debt........................    7,509   2,144                  9,653
Accrued dismantlement, removal and
 environmental costs..................      
719     229                    948
Deferred income taxes.................    1,677     266     1,624 (c)    3,567
Other liabilities and deferred
 credits..............................    1,072     449      (237)(j)    1,284
                                        -------   -----    ------       ------
   Total Liabilities..................   14,494   5,946     1,453       21,893
                                        -------   -----    ------       ------
COMPANY-OBLIGATED MANDATORILY
 REDEEMABLE PREFERRED SECURITIES......      
650     300      (300)(e)      650
                                        -------   
-----    ------       
------
COMMON STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
Common stock
 Issued...............................
  Par value...........................      
383     134        20 (c)      537
  Capital in excess of par............    2,147   2,040     4,834 (c)    9,021
 Treasury stock (at cost).............   (1,158)   (779)      779 (c)   (1,158)
 Compensation and Benefits Trust (at
  cost)...............................     (944)     --                   (944)

Accumulated other comprehensive
 income...............................      (90)     --                    (90)
Unearned employee compensation........     (270)     --                   (270)
Retained earnings.....................    5,368   1,060    (1,060)(c)    5,368
                                        -------   -----    ------       
------
   Total Common Stockholders' Equity..    5,436   2,455     4,573       12,464
                                        -------   
-----    ------       ------
   Total..............................  $20,580   8,701     5,726       35,007
                                        =======   =====    ======       ======

             See Notes to Unaudited Pro Forma Financial Statements.

               NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(a)  Phillips' historical income statements for the year ended December 31,
     1999, and the nine months ended September 30, 2000, have been adjusted on
     a pro forma basis to reflect three significant transactions consummated in
     2000 as if they had occurred on January 1, 1999.

     .  
The disposition of Phillips' GPM business, and the simultaneous
        acquisition of a 30.3 percent equity interest in DEFS on March 31, 2000.

     .  
The disposition of Phillips' chemicals business, and the simultaneous
        acquisition of a 50 percent equity interest in CPC on July 1, 2000.

     .  
The acquisition of ARCO's Alaskan businesses, completed in two phases on
        April 26, and August 1, 2000.

     
The significant pro forma adjustments that were made to Phillips'
     historical income statements for the DEFS and CPC transactions were:

     .  
The removal of Phillips' GPM and its chemicals businesses from
        consolidation.

     .  
The inclusion of Phillips' estimated 30.3 percent equity interest
        earnings from DEFS and its estimated 50 percent equity earnings from
        CPC, based on pro forma financial results of these two entities prior to
        their inception.

     .  
The amortization of the basis difference between the book value of
        Phillips' contributions to DEFS and CPC, and its equity in the two
        entities.

     
For additional information on these two transactions, including pro forma
     financial presentations, see Phillips' Current Report on Form 8-K filed on
     April 13, 2000, related to the DEFS transaction; and the Current Report on
     Form 8-K filed on July 14, 2000, related to the CPC transaction.

     
The significant pro forma adjustments that were made to Phillips'
     historical income statements for the ARCO Alaska transaction were:

     .  
Estimated income statement impacts resulting from the preliminary
        purchase price allocation to the Alaskan assets and liabilities--for
        example, increased depreciation due to the step-up of the property,
        plant and equipment to fair-market value.
These preliminary purchase
        price allocations continued to be refined during 2000 and into 2001.

     .  
The conforming of ARCO's accounting policies to Phillips'.

     .  
An increase in interest expense due to the debt incurred to partially
        fund the acquisition.

     
For additional information on this transaction, including pro forma
     financial presentations, see Phillips' Current Report on Form 8-K filed on
     May 18, 2000.

(b)  Tosco's historical income statements for the year ended December 31, 1999,
     and the nine months ended September 30, 2000, have been adjusted on a pro
     forma basis to reflect the disposition of its Avon refinery on August 31,
     2000, as if it had occurred on January 1, 1999.

     
The significant pro forma adjustments that were made to Tosco's historical
     income statements for this transaction were:

     .  
The removal of Tosco's ownership of the Avon refinery from
        consolidation.

     .  
The reduction of interest expense as a result of reducing long-term debt
        collateralized by the Avon refinery.

     
For additional information on this transaction, including pro forma
     financial presentations, see Tosco's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on
     September 15, 2000.


(c)  
The following is a preliminary estimate of the purchase price for Tosco:

     Number of shares of Phillips common stock expected to be
      issued in the exchange....................................    123.2 million
     Multiplied by Phillips' average stock price two days before
      and after the
      announcement date.........................................  
x $55.50
                                                                  --------
                                                                  $ 6,838 million
     Estimated fair value of Tosco stock options expected to be
      exchanged for Phillips stock options......................      190 million
     Estimated transaction-related costs........................       15 million
                                                                  ---------------
     Estimated purchase price...................................   $7,043 million
                                                                  ===============

     For purposes of this pro forma analysis, the above estimated purchase price
     has been allocated based on a preliminary assessment of the fair value of
     the assets and liabilities to be acquired and was based on Tosco's balance
     sheet at September 30, 2000.
Based on this pro forma analysis, the
     allocation of the purchase price would result in recording $7,250 million
     of property, plant and equipment; $1,000 million of identifiable intangible
     assets; and $2,349 million of goodwill.
The pro forma income statement
     adjustments reflect the estimated effects of depreciating and amortizing
     these amounts over their estimated useful lives and the presentation of
     turnaround costs as production and operating expense.
Goodwill is estimated
     to have a useful life of 40 years.

     
Due to the non-taxable nature of this transaction, Tosco's tax basis in its
     assets would carry over to Phillips.
The difference between the financial
     and tax bases is estimated to result in approximately $2,000 million of net
     deferred tax liabilities in the purchase price allocation.


(d)  
During 1999, Tosco recognized a $240 million reversal of a lower-of-cost-
     or-market write-down reserve that had been recognized against last-in,
     first-out inventories prior to 1999.
If purchase accounting had been
     applied to these inventories at January 1, 1999, this reversal to income
     would not have been recognized during 1999.


(e)  
The company-obligated, mandatorily redeemable, convertible preferred
     securities of Tosco Financing Trust were converted into 9.1 million shares
     of Tosco common stock in February 2001.
This pro forma analysis has
     incorporated this conversion since it is an integral part of the stock
     exchange being proposed to stockholders.


(f)  The pro forma adjustment to income taxes reflects the statutory federal
     and state income tax effects of the pro forma adjustments to Tosco's
     pretax income.
Goodwill recorded in the acquisition will not have deferred
     tax effects, so the amortization of goodwill does not result in a
     corresponding deferred income tax benefit.


(g)  Reflects the retirement of outstanding Tosco common stock and the issuance
     of 123.2 million shares of Phillips common stock and the effect of
     Phillips' stock options issued in the exchange.


(h)  
This adjustment reflects the excess of inventory replacement cost over
     last-in, first-out carrying values at September 30, 2000.


(i)  This adjustment reflects estimated payments under termination and change
     of control provisions in executive compensation and employment agreements.


(j)  This adjustment reverses a deferred gain on Tosco's balance sheet that is
     not subject to any future performance requirement.

                                                                      
APPENDIX A

                                                                  EXECUTION COPY

                          AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

                          DATED AS OF FEBRUARY 4, 2001

                                  BY AND AMONG

                          PHILLIPS PETROLEUM COMPANY,

                             PING ACQUISITION CORP.

                                      AND

                               TOSCO CORPORATION

                               

                                                                            PAGE
                                                                            ----

 ARTICLE I CERTAIN DEFINITIONS.............................................  A-1

 ARTICLE II
THE MERGER.....................................................  
A-5
    2.1  The Merger.......................................................   
A-5
    2.2  Effective Time of the Merger.....................................   
A-5
    2.3  Effects of the Merger............................................   
A-6
    2.4  Closing..........................................................   
A-6
    2.5  Articles of Incorporation........................................   
A-6
    2.5  By-Laws..........................................................   
A-6
    2.6  Directors and Officers...........................................   
A-6

 ARTICLE III CONVERSION OF SECURITIES......................................  
A-6
    3.1  Exchange Ratio...................................................   
A-6
    3.2  Stock Options and Other Equity-Based Awards......................   
A-7
    3.3  Exchange Fund....................................................   A-8
    3.4  Exchange Procedures..............................................   A-8
    3.5  Distributions with Respect to Unexchanged Shares.................   
A-9
    3.6  
No Further Ownership Rights in Tosco Common Stock................   A-9
    3.7  No Fractional Shares of Phillips Common Stock....................   
A-9
    3.8  Termination of Exchange Fund.....................................   A-9
    3.9  No Liability.....................................................  A-10
    3.10 Investment of the Exchange Fund..................................  A-10
    3.11 Lost Certificates................................................  A-10
    3.12 Withholding Rights...............................................  A-10
    3.13 Further Assurances...............................................  A-10
    3.14 Stock Transfer Books.............................................  A-10

 ARTICLE IV REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES................................. A-11
    4.1  Representations and Warranties of Tosco..........................  A-11
         (a)Corporate Organization........................................  A-11
         (b)Capitalization................................................  A-11
         (c)Authority; No Violation.......................................  A-12
         (d)Consents and Approvals........................................  A-12
         (e)Financial Reports and SEC Documents...........................  A-13
         (f)Absence of Undisclosed Liabilities............................  A-13
         (g)Absence of Certain Changes or Events..........................  A-13
         (h)Legal Proceedings.............................................  A-14
         (i)Compliance with Applicable Law................................  A-14
         (j)Contracts.....................................................  A-14
         (k)Environmental Liability.......................................  A-14
         (l)Employee Benefit Plans; Labor Matters.........................  A-15
         (m)Intellectual Property.........................................  A-15
         (n)State Takeover Laws; Rights Plan..............................  A-16
         (o)Opinion of Financial Advisor..................................  A-16
         (p)Board Approval................................................  A-16
         (q)Broker's Fees.................................................  A-16
         (r)Taxes.........................................................  A-16
         (s)Reorganization under the Code.................................  A-17
         (t)Form S-4; Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus....................  A-17

                                      
A-i

                                                                          PAGE
                                                                          ----

    4.2 Representations and Warranties of Phillips......................  A-17
        (a)Corporate Organization.......................................  A-17
        (b)Capitalization...............................................  A-18
        (c)Authority; No Violation......................................  A-18
        (d)Consents and Approvals.......................................  A-19
        (e)Financial Reports and SEC Documents..........................  A-19
        (f)Absence of Undisclosed Liabilities...........................  
A-20
        (g)Absence of Certain Changes or Events.........................  A-20
        (h)Legal Proceedings............................................  
A-20
        (i)Compliance with Applicable Law...............................  
A-20
        (j)Environmental Liability......................................  
A-20
        (k)Employee Benefit Plans; Labor Matters........................  A-21
        (l)State Takeover Laws..........................................  A-21
        (m)Opinion of Financial Advisor.................................  A-21
        (n)Board Approval...............................................  A-21
        (o)Broker's Fees................................................  A-21
        (p)Taxes........................................................  A-21
        (q)Reorganization under the Code................................  A-22
        (r)Form S-4; Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus...................  A-22

 ARTICLE V COVENANTS RELATING TO CONDUCT OF BUSINESS..................... A-22
    5.1 Covenants of Tosco..............................................  A-22
        (a)Ordinary Course..............................................  A-22
        (b)Dividends; Changes in Share Capital..........................  A-23
        (c)Issuance of Securities.......................................  A-23
        (d)Governing Documents..........................................  A-23
        (e)No Acquisitions..............................................  A-23
        (f)No Dispositions..............................................  A-24
        (g)Investments; Indebtedness....................................  A-24
        (h)Tax-Free Qualification.......................................  A-24
        (i)Compensation.................................................  A-24
        (j)Accounting Methods; Tax Elections............................  A-24
        (k)Certain Actions..............................................  A-24
        (l)No Related Actions...........................................  A-24
    5.2 Covenants of Phillips...........................................  A-24
        (a)Ordinary Course..............................................  A-24
        (b)Dividends, Changes in Share Capital..........................  A-25
        (c)Governing Documents..........................................  A-25
        (d)No Acquisitions..............................................  A-25
        (e)Tax-Free Qualification.......................................  A-25
        (f)Certain Actions..............................................  A-25
        (g)No Related Actions...........................................  A-25
    5.3 Governmental Filings............................................  A-25
    5.4 Control of Other Party's Business...............................  A-25

 ARTICLE VI ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS........................................ A-26
    6.1 Preparation of Proxy Statement; Stockholders Meetings...........  A-26
    6.2 Phillips Board of Directors and Officers; RM&T Headquarters.....  A-27
    
6.3 Access to Information...........................................  A-27
    6.4 Reasonable Best Efforts.........................................  A-28
    6.5 Acquisition Proposals...........................................  A-29
    6.6 Fees and Expenses...............................................  A-30

                                      A-ii

                                                                          PAGE
                                                                          ----

    6.7  Directors' and Officers' Indemnification and Insurance.........  A-30
    6.8  Employee Benefits..............................................  A-31
    6.9  Public Announcements...........................................  A-31
    6.10 Listing of Shares of Phillips Common Stock.....................  A-32
    6.11 Rights Agreements..............................................  A-32
    6.12 Affiliates.....................................................  A-32
    6.13 Section 16 Matters.............................................  A-32
    6.14 Phillips Indebtedness and Tosco Indebtedness...................  A-32
    6.15 Accountants' Letters...........................................  A-32

 ARTICLE VII CONDITIONS PRECEDENT........................................ A-33
    7.1  Conditions to Each Party's Obligation to Effect the Merger.....  A-33
         (a)Stockholder Approval........................................  A-33
         (b)No Injunctions or Restraints; Illegality....................  A-33
         (c)HSR Act; Other Approvals....................................  A-33
         (d)NYSE Listing................................................  A-33
         (e)Effectiveness of the Form S-4...............................  A-33
    7.2  Additional Conditions to Obligations of Phillips...............  A-33
         (a)Representations and Warranties..............................  A-33
         (b)Performance of Obligations of Tosco.........................  A-33
         (c)Tax Opinion.................................................  A-33
    7.3  Additional Conditions to Obligations of Tosco..................  A-34
         (a)Representations and Warranties..............................  A-34
         (b)Performance of Obligations of Phillips......................  A-34
         (c)Tax Opinion.................................................  A-34

 ARTICLE VIII TERMINATION AND AMENDMENT.................................. A-34
    8.1  Termination....................................................  A-34
    8.2  Effect of Termination..........................................  A-36
    8.3  Amendment......................................................  
A-37
    8.4  Extension; Waiver..............................................  A-37

 ARTICLE IX GENERAL PROVISIONS........................................... A-37
    9.1  Non-Survival of Representations, Warranties and Agreements.....  
A-37
    9.2  Notices........................................................  A-37
    9.3  Interpretation.................................................  
A-38
    9.4  Counterparts...................................................  A-38
    9.5  Entire Agreement; No Third Party Beneficiaries.................  A-38
    9.6  Governing Law..................................................  A-38
    9.7  Severability...................................................  A-38
    9.8  Assignment.....................................................  A-38
    9.9  Submission to Jurisdiction; Waivers............................  A-39
    9.10 Enforcement....................................................  A-39

                                LIST OF EXHIBITS

 EXHIBIT   TITLE
 -------   
-----

 Exhibit A Form of Affiliate Agreement

                                     A-iii

   AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER, dated as of February 4, 2001 (this
"Agreement"), by and among PHILLIPS PETROLEUM COMPANY, a Delaware corporation
("Phillips"), PING ACQUISITION CORP., a Nevada corporation and wholly owned
subsidiary of Phillips ("Merger Sub"), and TOSCO CORPORATION, a Nevada
corporation ("Tosco").

                              
W I T N E S S E T H:

   
WHEREAS, the Boards of Directors of Phillips, Merger Sub and Tosco have
approved the acquisition of Tosco by Phillips;

   WHEREAS, the Boards of Directors of Phillips, Merger Sub and Tosco have
approved the merger of Merger Sub with and into Tosco (the "Merger"), upon the
terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein; and

   WHEREAS, for Federal income tax purposes, it is intended that the Merger
shall qualify as a "reorganization" within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), and the regulations
promulgated thereunder.

   
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the respective
representations, warranties, covenants and agreements set forth in this
Agreement, and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties hereto agree
as follows:

                                   ARTICLE I

                              CERTAIN DEFINITIONS

   
As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the respective
meanings set forth below:

     "Acquisition Proposal" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
  6.5(a)(i).

     
"Affiliate Agreement" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.12.

     
"Agreement" shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble.

     
"Assumed Indentures" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.14.

     "beneficial ownership" or "beneficially own" shall have the meaning
  ascribed to such terms under Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the
  rules and regulations thereunder.

     
"Benefit Plan" means, with respect to any entity, any employee benefit
  plan, program, policy, practice, agreement, contract or other arrangement
  providing benefits to any current or former employee, officer or director
  of such entity or any of its affiliates or any beneficiary or dependent
  thereof that is sponsored or maintained by such entity or any of its
  affiliates or to which such entity or any of its affiliates contributes or
  is obligated to contribute, whether or not written, including any employee
  welfare benefit plan within the meaning of Section 3(1) of ERISA, any
  employee pension benefit plan within the meaning of Section 3(2) of ERISA
  (whether or not such plan is subject to ERISA), any employment or severance
  agreement, and any bonus, incentive, deferred compensation, vacation, stock
  purchase, stock option, severance, change of control or fringe benefit
  plan, program or policy.

     
"Business Day" means any day on which banks are not required or
  authorized to close in the City of New York.

     
"CERCLA" means the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation
  and Liability Act of 1980, as amended.

     
"Change in the Phillips Recommendation" shall have the meaning set forth
  in Section 6.1(c).

     
"Change in the Tosco Recommendation" shall have the meaning set forth in
  Section 6.1(b).

     
"Closing" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.4.

     
"Closing Date" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.4.

     
"Code" shall have the meaning set forth in the recitals.

     
"Confidentiality Agreement" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
  6.3.

     
"Controlled Group Liability" means any and all liabilities (i) under
  Title IV of ERISA, other than for payment of premiums to the Pension
  Benefit Guaranty Corporation, (ii) under Section 302 of ERISA, (iii) under
  Sections 412 and 4971 of the Code, (iv) for violation of the continuation
  coverage requirements of Section 601 et seq.
of ERISA and Section 4980B of
  the Code or the group health requirements of Sections 701 et seq.
of the
  Code and Sections 701 et seq.
of ERISA, and (v) under corresponding or
  similar provisions of foreign laws or regulations.

     "DOJ" means the Antitrust Division of the U.S. Department of Justice.

     
"Effective Time" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.2.

     
"ERISA" means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as
  amended.

     
"Excess Shares" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.7.

     
"Exchange Act" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

     
"Exchange Agent" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.3.

     
"Exchange Fund" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.3.

     
"Exchange Ratio" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.1(b).

     
"Expenses" means all out-of-pocket expenses (including all fees and
  expenses of counsel, accountants, investment bankers, experts and
  consultants to a party and its affiliates) incurred by a party or on its
  behalf in connection with or related to the authorization, preparation,
  negotiation, execution and performance of this Agreement and the
  transactions contemplated hereby, including the preparation, printing,
  filing and mailing of the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus and the Form S-4
  and the solicitation of stockholder approvals and all other matters related
  to the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby.

     
"Form S-4" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.1(d)(iii).

     
"FTC" means the U.S. Federal Trade Commission.

     
"GAAP" means U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.

     
"Governmental Entity" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
  4.1(d).

     
"HSR Act" means the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of
  1976, as amended.

     
"Intellectual Property" means all patents, trademarks, trade names,
  service marks, copyrights, and any applications therefor, technology, know-
  how, computer software programs or applications, and tangible or intangible
  proprietary information or materials.

     
"Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus" shall have the meaning set forth in
  Section 4.1(d)(iii).

     
"knowledge" or "known" means, with respect to any entity, the knowledge
  of such entity's executive officers after reasonable inquiry.

     
"Liens" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.1(b)(ii).

     
"Material Adverse Effect" means, with respect to any entity, a material
  adverse effect on (i) the business, operations, results of operations or
  financial condition of such entity and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole or
  (ii) the ability of such entity to timely consummate the transactions
  contemplated by this

                                      A-2

  Agreement, except, in each case, for any such effect reasonably
  attributable to (x) general economic conditions in the United States
  (including prevailing interest rate and stock market levels), (y) the
  general state of the industries in which such entity operates or (z) the
  negotiation, announcement, execution, delivery or consummation of the
  transactions contemplated by, or in compliance with, this Agreement.

     
"Merger" shall have the meaning set forth in the recitals.

     
"Merger Consideration" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
  3.1(b).

     
"Merger Sub" shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble.

     
"Necessary Consents" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
  4.1(d)(vi).

     
"Nevada Articles of Merger" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
  2.2(y).

     
"New Plans" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.8(b).

     
"NGCL" means the Nevada General Corporation Law.

     
"Non-Subsidiary Affiliate" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
  4.1(b)(ii).

     
"NYSE" means the New York Stock Exchange, Inc.

     "Old Plans" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.8(b)(i).

     
"Other Approvals" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
  4.1(d)(ii).

     
"other party" means, with respect to Phillips, Tosco, and with respect
  to Tosco, Phillips.

     
"Person" means an individual, corporation, limited liability company,
  partnership, association, trust, unincorporated organization, other entity
  or group (as defined in the Exchange Act).

     
"Phillips" shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble.

     
"Phillips 1999 10-K" means Phillips's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
  fiscal year ended December 31, 1999, as filed with the SEC.

     
"Phillips 10-Q" means Phillips's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
  quarter ended September 30, 2000, as filed with the SEC.

     
"Phillips Benefit Plan" means a Benefit Plan maintained or contributed
  to by Phillips or a Subsidiary of Phillips, or to which Phillips or any
  Subsidiary of Phillips is required to contribute.

     
"Phillips Capital Stock" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
  4.2(b)(i)(B).

     
"Phillips Common Stock" means common stock, par value $1.25 per share,
  of Phillips.

     
"Phillips Disclosure Schedule" shall have the meaning set forth in
  Section 4.2.

     
"Phillips Preferred Stock" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
  4.2(b)(i)(B).

     
"Phillips Recommendation" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
  6.1(c).

     
"Phillips Rights" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.1(b).

     
"Phillips Rights Agreement" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
  3.1(b).

     
"Phillips SEC Documents" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
  4.2(e).

     
"Phillips Stock Option" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
  3.2(a).

     
"Phillips Stock Plans" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
  4.2(b)(i).

     
"Phillips Stockholder Approval" shall have the meaning set forth in
  Section 4.2(c)(i).

     
"Phillips Stockholders Meeting" shall have the meaning set forth in
  Section 4.2(c)(i).

                                      
A-3

     "Phillips Termination Fee" means $250,000,000.

     
"Qualifying Amendment" means an amendment or supplement to the Joint
  Proxy Statement/Prospectus or Form S-4 (including by incorporation by
  reference) to the extent it contains (i) a Change in the Phillips
  Recommendation or a Change in the Tosco Recommendation (as the case may
  be), (ii) a statement of the reasons of the Board of Directors of Phillips
  or Tosco (as the case may be) for making such Change in the Phillips
  Recommendation or Change in the Tosco Recommendation (as the case may be)
  and (iii) additional information reasonably related to the foregoing.

     
"Regulatory Law" means the HSR Act, and all other federal, state and
  foreign, if any, statutes, rules, regulations, orders, decrees,
  administrative and judicial doctrines and other laws that are designed or
  intended to prohibit, restrict or regulate (i) mergers, acquisitions or
  other business combinations, (ii) foreign investment, or (iii) actions
  having the purpose or effect of monopolization or restraint of trade or
  lessening of competition.

     
"Required Approvals" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
  6.4(a)(i).

     
"SEC" means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

     
"Securities Act" means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

     
"Significant Subsidiary" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in
  Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X of the SEC.

     
"Subsidiary" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Rule 1-02
  of Regulation S-X of the SEC.

     
"Superior Proposal" means, with respect to Phillips or Tosco, as the
  case may be, a bona fide written proposal made by a Person other than a
  party to this Agreement which is (i) for an Acquisition Proposal (except
  that references in the definition of "Acquisition Proposal" to "20%" shall
  be "50%") involving such party and (ii) is on terms which its Board of
  Directors in good faith concludes (following receipt of the advice of its
  financial advisors and outside counsel), taking into account, among other
  things, all legal, financial, regulatory and other aspects of the proposal
  and the Person making the proposal, (x) would, if consummated, result in a
  transaction that is more favorable to its stockholders (in their capacities
  as stockholders), from a financial point of view, than the transactions
  contemplated by this Agreement and (y) is reasonably capable of being
  completed.

     
"Surviving Corporation" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.1.

     "Taxes" means any and all federal, state, local, foreign or other taxes
  of any kind (together with any and all interest, penalties, additions to
  tax and additional amounts imposed with respect thereto) imposed by any
  taxing authority, including taxes or other charges on or with respect to
  income, franchises, windfall or other profits, gross receipts, property,
  sales, use, capital stock, payroll, employment, social security, workers'
  compensation, unemployment compensation, or net worth, and taxes or other
  charges in the nature of excise, withholding, ad valorem or value added.

     
"Tax Return" means any return, report or similar statement (including
  any attached schedules) required to be filed with respect to any Tax,
  including any information return, claim for refund, amended return or
  declaration of estimated Tax.

     
"Termination Date" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8.1(b).

     
"Tosco" shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble.

     