URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1069469/000095014401501389/0000950144-01-501389.txt

BACKGROUND OF THE MERGER

         
In pursuing strategies to enhance shareholder value, both Private
Business and Towne have from time to time considered opportunities for
acquisitions, dispositions and strategic alliances.
In August 1999, Bill King,
Chairman of Private Business, met in Atlanta with Drew Edwards, then the Chief
Executive Officer of Towne, to discuss the possibility of a transaction between
the companies.
In early September 1999, Lynn Boggs and John Collins, directors
of Towne, and Henry Baroco, an officer and director of Towne, met in Nashville
to discuss a possible business combination with Mr. King, Tom Black, Brian
Conway, and Will Martin, directors and/or officers of Private Business.
On
September 14th and 15th, 1999, a representative of Deutsche Banc Alex.
Brown,
Private Business's financial advisor at the time, and Jerry Cover and Mr. Martin
from Private Business met in Atlanta with Mr. Baroco, Mr. Boggs, Glenn Sturm,
Mr. Collins, Bruce Lowthers, Cleve Shultz, and a representative of First Union
Securities, Towne's financial advisor, to conduct preliminary due diligence with
respect to the two companies.
On October 13, 1999, Private Business and Towne
entered into a confidentiality agreement to allow the parties to share
additional information.

         
In response to being approached by Private Business, as well as by
another party, Towne formed a special committee of its directors on September
30, 1999.
The committee authorized First Union to evaluate strategic
alternatives for Towne.
As part of this engagement, the committee instructed
First Union to contact a select group of potential acquirors to assess their
interest in acquiring Towne.
First Union prepared materials describing Towne and
assembled a list of twelve potentially interested parties based on their
complementary business lines, geographies and partnerships.
On or about November
3, 1999, two of these parties submitted proposals.
Private Business withdrew its
indication of interest on November 24, 1999, based in part on perceived
differences in corporate culture and management vision for the combined entity.

During November and December 1999, Towne continued discussions with the
remaining interested parties until discussions with each, for various reasons,
ceased.
In January 2000, Towne's board of directors affirmatively discontinued
this process to focus internally on Towne's operations.

         
On July 21, 2000, Towne informed First Union that it had received two
unsolicited expressions of interest in acquiring Towne.
At its meeting on July
21, 2000, Towne's board again formed a special committee of directors, which
authorized First Union to pursue the two expressions of interest and to again
approach the group of potential strategic acquirors that First Union had
contacted in late 1999 to assess their current interest in a possible strategic
transaction with Towne.
During August 2000, Towne conducted discussions with
five entities until those discussions with each, for a variety of reasons,
ceased.

         
In the fall of 2000, Mr. Boggs met certain individuals not affiliated
with either company regarding their interest in merging Private Business and
Towne and injecting additional capital into the combined company.
In November
2000, Mr. Boggs met again with Mr. Black, Mr. Martin, and those individuals to
discuss this proposed transaction in more detail.

         
On December 30, 2000, at Mr. McNamara's request, Mr. McNamara and Mr.
Boggs met to discuss the prospect of a strategic transaction between Towne and
Private Business.
They reviewed the discussions that occurred in late 1999
between the two companies and discussed the possibility of entering into a new
confidentiality agreement to facilitate renewed discussions.
Mr. McNamara
suggested that Mr. Boggs meet with the Chairman of Private Business's board of
directors and another of its directors.

         
On January 4, 2001, the Private Business board of directors held a
meeting in Boston, Massachusetts in which the board received a report on Towne
from Mr. McNamara.
Mr. McNamara summarized Towne's operations, capitalization
and recent market performance.
The Private Business board generally discussed a
possible transaction with Towne and potential transaction structures.
At that
meeting, the board also received a proposal from certain potential investors
that involved a potential equity infusion into Private Business arranged by
these individuals in conjunction with a combination of Private Business and
Towne.
The board determined that it was in the company's best interest to deal
directly with Towne and declined to pursue the proposal made by the potential
investors.

         
On January 9, 2001, Mr. Boggs met in Atlanta with Mr. King and Bruce
Evans, a Private Business director, when they discussed the respective
companies, their operations, and the potential benefits of a strategic
combination.
On February 3, 2001, Mr. McNamara and Mr. Boggs met in Nashville to
follow up on the Atlanta meeting and to discuss Mr. McNamara's returning to
Atlanta for further negotiations.
At a Towne board meeting on February 8, 2001,
Mr. Boggs disclosed to the Towne board the previous conversations with Private
Business, but the Towne board took no actions on the matter.
During the week of
February 14, the parties determined that before Mr. McNamara traveled to Atlanta
for another meeting, the parties would enter into a confidentiality agreement to
facilitate more detailed discussions and exchange of information.

         
Between February 14 and February 16, Mr. Boggs, Mr. McNamara, Private
Business's legal counsel and Towne's legal counsel negotiated the terms of a
confidentiality agreement, which the parties signed on February 16.

         
On February 19, Mr. McNamara and Private Business's Chief Financial
Officer, Fred Read, traveled to Towne's offices in Atlanta to conduct business
due diligence.
They met with Mr. Boggs, Mr. Baroco and Towne's Chief Financial
Officer, Randall S. Vosler, and discussed various aspects of Towne's operations.

On March 1 and

March 2, Mr. Boggs, Mr. Baroco and Mr. Vosler conducted reciprocal business due
diligence on Private Business at its headquarters in Brentwood, Tennessee.

         
During the week of March 5, Mr. Boggs discussed the potential terms of
the merger with the other members of Towne's executive committee - Mr. Collins,
Mr. Sturm, Frank Brown, and Bahram Yusefzadeh.
The executive committee took no
action at that time.
On March 5, Mr. McNamara and Mr. Boggs discussed the
potential terms of a merger between Towne and Private Business by telephone.
On
the same day, Mr. Boggs also discussed the potential terms of a merger in person
with Mr. Black at an industry convention in Las Vegas.
On March 8, Private
Business's board of directors, along with Mr. McNamara and Mr. Read, conducted a
telephonic meeting at which the board members participating in the call
unanimously approved general parameters for entering into a letter of intent and
authorized Mr. Black and Mr. McNamara to finalize a letter of intent.

Discussions among the two companies and their respective legal and accounting
advisors continued through March 12, when Private Business and Towne executed a
letter of intent.
That same day, each company issued a press release announcing
the letter of intent.
During Towne's board meeting on March 12, the directors
unanimously voted to approve the letter of intent and to authorize Mr. Boggs to
execute the letter of intent.

         
On March 14, Mr. Boggs, Mr. Baroco, Mr. Vosler and Towne's legal
counsel and accountants met with Mr. Black, Mr. McNamara, Mr. Read and other
members of Private Business's senior management, along with representatives of
its legal counsel and accountants, at Private Business's headquarters in
Brentwood, Tennessee to discuss a timetable and allocate responsibilities to
facilitate the transaction.
On March 16, counsel for Private Business circulated
a draft merger agreement and began related negotiations with Towne's counsel.

         
From March 19 to 21, legal counsel for Private Business conducted legal
due diligence at Towne's Georgia headquarters.
On March 21 and 22, Towne's legal
counsel conducted legal due diligence on Private Business at the offices of
Private Business's legal counsel in Nashville.
On March 19 and 20, legal counsel
and accountants for the two companies, as well as certain members of their
senior management, conducted several conference calls to discuss structural,
accounting and legal issues.

         
During the week of March 25, senior management of each entity conducted
business due diligence on the other.
Mr. Black, Mr. McNamara, Mr. Read and Guy
Edwards of Private Business conducted on-site business due diligence at Towne's
Forseon division in Riverside, California on March 25.
On March 27, Mr. Boggs,
Mr. Baroco, Mr. Vosler, and two other Towne employees conducted on-site business
due diligence at Private Business's headquarters.
On March 28, 2001, members of
Private Business's senior management conducted on-site business due diligence on
Towne at its Georgia headquarters.

         
Between March 16 and April 10, Private Business and Towne exchanged
revised drafts of the proposed merger agreement and continued discussions
regarding the merger.
Private Business and its legal and financial advisors and
Towne and its legal and financial advisors participated in meetings and
discussions and conducted extensive negotiations to finalize the terms of the
definitive merger agreement.

         
On April 10, 2001, Private Business's board of directors received a
written fairness opinion from its financial advisor, Updata Capital, as well as
a copy of the proposed merger agreement and written analysis from Private
Business's senior management.
On April 11, the Private Business board of
directors met by conference call to evaluate the proposed terms of the merger
and received related presentations from Private Business's financial and legal
advisors.
At this meeting, the Private Business directors participating in the
decision unanimously approved the formation of Towne Acquisition Corporation as
a wholly owned subsidiary of Private Business and the merger of Towne
Acquisition Corporation into Towne pursuant to the merger agreement.
On April
12, the Towne board of directors met to review the status of strategic
alternatives process and the desirability of effectuating the Private Business
transaction, and heard related presentations from Towne's financial and legal
advisors.
Towne's directors participating in the decision unanimously approved
the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by it.
On April 12,
Private Business and Towne entered into a definitive merger agreement for the
merger of Towne Acquisition Corporation into Towne Services and, on April 16,
issued a joint press release announcing the merger.


FACTORS CONSIDERED BY, AND RECOMMENDATION OF, THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF PRIVATE
BUSINESS

         At its meeting on April 11, 2001, the members of Private Business's
board of directors unanimously:

         -        determined that the merger agreement and the merger are fair
                  to, and in the best interests of, Private Business and its
                  shareholders;

         -        approved the merger agreement with Towne, and the transactions
                  contemplated by it, including the merger;

         -        directed that the proposed transaction be submitted for
                  consideration by the Private Business shareholders; and

         -        recommended that the Private Business shareholders vote FOR
                  the approval and adoption of the merger agreement and the
                  transactions contemplated by it, including the merger and the
                  related issuance of Private Business common and preferred
                  stock and an amendment to Private Business's charter to effect
                  a one-for-three stock split of its common stock.

         
In the course of reaching its decision to adopt the merger agreement
and the transactions it contemplates, Private Business's board of directors
consulted with Private Business's senior management, as well as its legal
counsel and its financial advisors, and considered the following, among other,
significant factors:

         -        Relative Strengths.
The financial performance and condition,
                  results of operations, asset quality, prospects and businesses
                  of each of Private Business and Towne as separate entities and
                  on a combined basis, including:

                  -        the revenues of the companies, their complementary
                           businesses and the potential for cost savings and
                           revenue growth;

                  -        the recent and historical stock price performance of
                           Private Business common stock and Towne common stock;
                           and

                  -        the percentage of Private Business that its
                           shareholders would own following the merger.

         -        Industry Leadership.
The fact that the board believed that the
                  merger would make Private Business the dominant industry
                  leader.

         -        Strategic Fit.
The strategic nature of the transaction, in
                  which Private Business will acquire assets in complementary
                  markets and create a company with a more geographically
                  diversified asset base, substantially greater resources and
                  increased opportunities for growth.

         -        Potential Synergies.
The potential benefits to be derived from
                  the merger as described above under "General," including
                  potential cost savings and efficiencies that are expected to
                  result from the merger.

         -        Opinion of Financial Advisor.
The analyses and presentation by
                  Updata Capital, Private Business's financial advisor, and its
                  opinion that, as of the date of the opinion and subject to the
                  matters described in its opinion, the merger consideration was
                  fair, from a financial point of view, to Private Business's
                  shareholders, as more fully described below under "Opinion of
                  Private Business's Financial Advisor."

         -        Management Reports.
The judgment, advice and analysis of
                  Private Business's management, including the results of
                  Private Business's due diligence investigations.

         -        Accounting Treatment.
The intended accounting for the merger
                  under the purchase method of accounting.

         -        Anticipated Tax Consequences.
The structure of the transaction
                  as a generally tax-free reorganization for United States
                  federal income tax purposes, to the extent Towne common
                  shareholders receive Private Business common stock.

         -        Retained Name and Headquarters.
The fact that after the merger
                  the name of the company will remain "Private Business, Inc.,"
                  and the headquarters of the company will remain in Brentwood,
                  Tennessee.

         -        Potential for Superior Third Party Proposals.
The terms of the
                  merger agreement regarding third party proposals to engage in
                  a strategic transaction with Private Business, including the
                  potential payment by Private Business of a termination fee.

         -        Consent of Senior Lender.
Private Business's obligation to
                  obtain the consent of its senior lender, and the fact that
                  obtaining this consent is a condition to Towne's and Private
                  Business's obligations to complete the merger.

         -        Shareholder Approval.
The possibility that the merger may not
                  be completed even if it is approved by the shareholders of
                  both companies.

         -        Board and Officer Composition.
The fact that Mr. Brown, Mr.
                  Sturm and Mr. Roberts, currently members of Towne's board of
                  directors, are expected to serve on the Private Business board
                  after the merger, and that, after the merger, Mr. Baroco, as
                  chief operating officer, will join Private Business's
                  executive officers to assist in the management of the combined
                  companies.

         -        Voting Agreements.
The voting agreements entered into by the
                  directors of Private Business and Towne, and their shareholder
                  affiliates, supporting the merger.

         -        Merger Agreement.
The terms and conditions of the merger
                  agreement not identified above, which together were viewed as
                  fair to, and in the best interests of, Private Business and
                  its shareholders.

         
All business combinations, including the merger, involve certain risks
and disadvantages.
The material potential risks and disadvantages to Private
Business's shareholders identified by the Private Business board of directors
and management in considering the merger include the following:

         -        the time and resources required to complete the merger, with
                  the completion of the merger being subject to various
                  conditions (see "The Merger Agreement and Related Agreements -
                  Conditions");

         -        the risks posed by potentially significant litigation
                  currently pending against Towne as detailed in "Legal
                  Proceedings" below;

         -        the fact that Towne has had negative earnings per share and
                  cash flow since inception, and that the transaction is
                  expected initially to dilute Private Business's earnings per
                  share;

         -        the risk that the consent of Private Business's senior lender
                  may not be obtained, or may be obtained on terms
                  disadvantageous or unsatisfactory to Private Business;

         -        the risk that the current holder of Towne's Series B preferred
                  stock does not accept Private Business Series B preferred
                  stock in exchange for its Towne Series B preferred stock, or
                  agrees to do so only on terms disadvantageous or
                  unsatisfactory to Private Business;

         -        the difficulties inherent in combining and integrating the two
                  companies and the potential distraction to management caused
                  by a transaction of this magnitude;

         -        the absence of post-closing remedies, including contractual
                  indemnification, for any breaches of Towne's representations
                  and warranties in the merger agreement; and

         -        the risk that the benefits sought from the merger might not be
                  fully achieved.

         
The discussion above addresses certain significant factors considered
by the Private Business board of directors.
In view of the variety of factors
and the amount of information considered, Private Business's board of directors
did not find it practicable to and did not quantify, rank or otherwise assign
relative weights to the specific factors it considered in reaching its decision.

The determination was made after consideration of all of the factors as a whole.

In addition, individual board members may have given different weights to
different factors.

         
The Private Business board realized that there are risks associated
with the transaction, including that some of the potential benefits set forth
above may not be realized or that there may be significant costs associated with
realizing such benefits.
Many of these factors are discussed more fully in this
document under "Risk Factors."
Additional risks not identified in this document
may also exist.
However, the Private Business board believes that the positive
factors and additional benefits of the merger should outweigh any negative
factors, although no assurances can be given in this regard.

         
THE MEMBERS OF THE PRIVATE BUSINESS BOARD OF DIRECTORS CONSIDERING THE
MATTER UNANIMOUSLY APPROVED THE MERGER AGREEMENT, THE MERGER AND THE OTHER
TRANSACTIONS
CONTEMPLATED THEREBY AND BELIEVE THAT THE MERGER AGREEMENT AND THE
MERGER ARE FAIR TO, AND IN THE BEST INTERESTS OF, PRIVATE BUSINESS AND ITS
SHAREHOLDERS.
THE PRIVATE BUSINESS BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR
APPROVAL OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT AND THE TRANSACTIONS IT CONTEMPLATES, INCLUDING
THE MERGER AND THE APPROVAL OF AN AMENDMENT TO PRIVATE BUSINESS'S CHARTER TO
EFFECT
A ONE-FOR-THREE SPLIT OF ITS COMMON STOCK.


FACTORS CONSIDERED BY, AND RECOMMENDATION OF, THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF TOWNE:

         
At its meeting on April 12, 2001, Towne's directors voting on the
matter unanimously:

         -        determined that the merger agreement and the merger with
                  Private Business are fair to, and in the best interests of,
                  Towne and its shareholders;

         -        approved the merger agreement with Private Business, and the
                  transactions contemplated by it, including the merger;

         -        directed that the proposed transaction be submitted for
                  consideration by the Towne shareholders; and

         -        recommended that the Towne shareholders vote FOR approval and
                  adoption of the merger agreement and the transactions
                  contemplated by it, including the merger.

         
In the course of reaching its decision to approve the merger agreement
and the transactions it contemplates, Towne's board of directors consulted with
Towne's senior management, as well as its outside legal counsel and its
financial advisors, and considered the following, among other, significant
factors:

         -        Market Presence.
The belief that the combined business of
                  Towne and Private Business will have a stronger presence in
                  their markets than Towne standing alone.

         -        Continued Industry Investment.
The ability of Towne
                  shareholders to continue to invest in the electronic
                  transaction processing industry through ownership of Private
                  Business shares.

         -        Tax Consequences.
The structure of the transaction as a
                  generally tax-free reorganization for United States federal
                  income tax purposes, to the extent Private Business common
                  stock is received by Towne common shareholders.

         -        Benefits of Size.
The possible enhancement of Towne's existing
                  businesses and products as a result of combining with those of
                  Private Business, attributable in part to the greater size,
                  financial strength and economies of scale provided by the
                  combined companies.

         -        Management Reports.
The judgment, advice and analysis of
                  Towne's management, including the results of Towne's due
                  diligence investigations.

         -        Potential Shareholder Value.
The board of directors' belief,
                  based upon its review of other strategic alternatives
                  available to Towne, including remaining independent, that the
                  merger would generate higher value for Towne's shareholders
                  than those other strategic alternatives.

         -        Discussions with Other Parties.
The history of Towne's
                  discussions with other parties, including the opportunity
                  provided to other parties to submit proposals to Towne, those
                  proposals and ensuing discussions, and the negotiations
                  between Towne and Private Business that led the board of
                  directors to conclude that the per share consideration to be
                  paid by Private Business was the best price available to, and
                  the merger agreement was the best transaction available for,
                  Towne shareholders.

         -        Opinion of Financial Advisor.
The financial presentation of
                  Towne's financial advisor, First Union, described below to the
                  effect that, based upon its review and assumptions and subject
                  to specific matters stated in the opinion, as of April 12,
                  2001, the exchange ratio pursuant to the merger agreement was
                  fair, from a financial point of view, to the holders of Towne
                  common stock.

         -        Potential Synergies.
The potential benefits to be derived from
                  the merger as described above under "General," including
                  potential cost savings and efficiencies that are expected to
                  result from the merger.

         -        Potential for Superior Third Party Proposals.
The terms of the
                  merger agreement regarding third party proposals to engage in
                  a strategic transaction with Towne, including the potential
                  payment by Towne of a termination fee.

         -        Management Strength.
The additional strength that would be
                  provided by Private Business's management team and from the
                  larger and more experienced sales force available to the
                  combined companies.

         -        Merger Agreement.
The terms and conditions of the merger
                  agreement not identified above, which together were viewed as
                  fair to, and in the best interests of, Towne and its
                  shareholders.

         
Towne's board of directors considered the following factors, among
others, weighing against the merger in reaching its decision to approve the
merger agreement and to recommend that Towne shareholders vote to approve the
merger agreement and the merger:

         -        the challenges of completing the merger and the risks of
                  diverting management resources for an extended period of time
                  and other possible adverse effects on Towne's business arising
                  from the announcement of the merger;

         -        the risk that synergies anticipated from the merger may not be
                  realized;

         -        the possibility that Towne's shareholders might achieve more
                  value over the long-term from continued operation of Towne as
                  an independent company;

         -        the risk that Towne would be required to pay a termination fee
                  of $750,000 if the merger agreement were to be terminated
                  under specified circumstances; and

         -        the risks of Private Business not obtaining the necessary
                  consent and waiver by its senior lender to credit agreement
                  covenants.

         
The Towne board of directors also considered the interests of its
executive officers and directors in the merger, as described under "Proposal One
for Both Companies - Interests of Certain Persons in the Merger That Are
Different from Your Interests.
"

         
The discussion above addresses the material factors considered by
Towne's board of directors.
In view of the variety of factors and the amount of
information considered, Towne's directors did not find it practicable to, and
did not, quantify, rank or otherwise assign relative weights to the specific
factors it considered in reaching its

decision.
The determination was made after consideration of all of the factors
as a whole.
In addition, individual board members may have given different
weights to different factors.

         
The Towne board realized that there are risks associated with the
transaction, including that some of the potential benefits set forth above may
not be realized or that there may be significant costs associated with realizing
such benefits.
Many of these factors are discussed more fully in this document
under "Risk Factors."
Additional risks not identified in this document may also
exist.
However, the Towne board believes that the positive factors and
additional benefits of the merger should outweigh any negative factors, although
no assurances can be given in this regard.

         
BASED ON ALL OF THESE MATTERS, AND SUCH OTHER MATTERS AS THE TOWNE
DIRECTORS CONSIDERING THE MATTER DEEMED RELEVANT, THE MEMBERS OF THE TOWNE BOARD
PARTICIPATING IN THE BOARD DECISION ON THE TRANSACTION UNANIMOUSLY APPROVED THE
MERGER AGREEMENT AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED BY IT, INCLUDING THE MERGER,
AND RECOMMEND THAT TOWNE'S SHAREHOLDERS VOTE FOR THE MERGER AGREEMENT AND THE
TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED BY IT, INCLUDING THE MERGER.


OPINION OF TOWNE'S FINANCIAL ADVISOR

         Under an engagement letter dated March 12, 2001, Towne retained First
Union Securities, Inc. to serve as Towne's financial advisor in connection with
its proposed merger with Private Business.
On April 12, 2001, First Union
delivered its oral opinion to the Towne board of directors that the exchange
ratio of at least 0.881 shares of Private Business common stock for each
outstanding share of Towne common stock, was fair, from a financial point of
view, to the Towne common shareholders as of that date.
This opinion was also
provided in writing on April 12, 2001.

         
THE FIRST UNION OPINION IS ATTACHED AS ANNEX B TO THIS JOINT PROXY
STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS AND IS INCORPORATED IN THIS DOCUMENT
BY REFERENCE.
THIS
SUMMARY OF FIRST UNION'S FAIRNESS OPINION SET FORTH BELOW IS QUALIFIED IN ITS
ENTIRETY BY REFERENCE TO THE FULL TEXT OF THE OPINION.
THE OPINION DESCRIBES
IMPORTANT QUALIFICATIONS, ASSUMPTIONS MADE, MATTERS CONSIDERED, AREAS OF
RELIANCE ON OTHERS AND LIMITATIONS ON FIRST UNION'S REVIEW IN CONNECTION WITH
THE OPINION.
FIRST UNION PROVIDED ITS OPINION TO THE TOWNE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
FOR ITS CONSIDERATION IN CONNECTION WITH THE PROPOSED MERGER AND THE FIRST UNION
OPINION IS NOT A RECOMMENDATION TO ANY HOLDER OF TOWNE COMMON STOCK AS TO
WHETHER THE MERGER IS IN BEST INTERESTS OF THAT HOLDER OR WHETHER ANY HOLDER
SHOULD VOTE FOR OR AGAINST THE MERGER.


In arriving at its opinion, First Union, among other things:

         -        reviewed the financial terms and conditions of the merger
                  agreement;

         -        reviewed certain business, financial and other information,
                  including financial forecasts, regarding Towne and Private
                  Business that was publicly available or furnished to First
                  Union by members of Towne's and Private Business's management,
                  and discussed with each of their management teams their
                  respective company's business and prospects;

         -        considered certain financial data related to Towne and Private
                  Business and (a) compared that data with similar data for
                  publicly held companies in businesses similar to those of
                  Towne and Private Business and (b) compared Towne's and
                  Private Business's data relative to one another;

         -        considered the financial terms of certain other recent
                  business combinations and other transactions; and

         -        considered any other information, financial studies, analyses
                  and investigations as well as financial and economic and
                  market criteria that First Union deemed relevant.

         
In connection with its review, First Union relied upon the accuracy and
completeness of financial and other information and did not assume any
responsibility for any independent verification of that information.
Towne
provided First Union with financial forecasts for the calendar years 2001 and
2002.
Private Business provided First Union with financial forecasts for the
calendar years 2001 through 2006.
With respect to Towne's and Private Business's
financial forecasts, First Union assumed that they have been reasonably prepared
and reflect the best

current estimates and judgments of Towne's and Private Business's management
teams as to the future financial performance of their respective companies.

First Union has discussed Towne's and Private Business's financial projections
with the respective management teams of Towne and Private Business.
However,
First Union assumes no responsibility for and expresses no view as to Towne's or
Private Business's financial projections or the assumptions upon which they are
based.
In arriving at its opinion, First Union did not conduct any physical
inspection of the properties or facilities of Towne or Private Business and did
not make and was not provided with any evaluations or appraisals of the assets
or liabilities of Towne or Private Business.
Towne imposed no limitations on
First Union with respect to First Union's investigations or procedures.

         
First Union's opinion is based on economic, market, financial and other
conditions as they exist and can be evaluated on the date of its opinion, and
the information made available to First Union as of that date.
Thus, although
subsequent developments may affect this opinion, First Union does not have any
obligation to update, revise or reaffirm its opinion.

         
In rendering its opinion, First Union assumed that the merger will be
consummated on the terms described in the merger agreement that First Union
reviewed, without any waiver of any material terms or conditions.
First Union's
opinion does not address the relative merits of the merger and any other
business strategies considered by Towne's board of directors, nor does it
address the board of directors' decision to proceed with the merger.

         
The merger agreement is attached as Annex A to this joint proxy
statement/prospectus.
Towne's shareholders should review and understand its
terms and the conditions in connection with their consideration of whether to
approve of the merger.

         
Following is a brief summary of selected analyses presented by First
Union to Towne's board of directors on April 12, 2001 in connection with the
First Union opinion.

         
Relative Contribution Analysis

         First Union analyzed the pro forma financial contribution of Towne and
Private Business to the combined company assuming consummation of the merger,
based on historical financial results and projections provided by Towne and
Private Business management.
First Union calculated the implied ownership of the
combined company based on these financial contributions.
The analysis showed,
among other things, the following:

                                                                  % Pro Forma Ownership by:
Contribution Metric:                                             Towne(1)      Private Business
- --------------------                                             --------      ----------------

Latest 12 months revenue:                                         30.3%              69.7%
Latest quarter annualized revenue:                                28.0%              72.0%
2002 EBITDA:                                                      15.7%              84.3%

(1)      Towne's annualized revenue for the latest 12 months, i.e. January
         through December of 2000, and latest quarter, i.e. the fourth quarter
         of 2000, is net of the results of Towne's CollectionWorks division,
         which Towne sold in the first quarter of 2001.

         
First Union noted that Towne's pro forma ownership implied by the
exchange ratio contemplated in the merger agreement is 33.3%, which implied a
per share offer price of at least $2.83 on April 12, 2001.

         
Analysis of Towne

         Comparable Public Companies Analysis.
First Union compared certain
financial and operating ratios for Towne with the corresponding financial and
operating ratios for a group of publicly traded companies providing services to
financial institutions that First Union deemed to be comparable to Towne.
For
the purpose of its analyses, First Union used the following financial services
companies:

         -        Digital Insight Corporation

         -        Netzee, Inc.

         -        Online Resources Corporation

         -        Private Business

         -        The InterCept Group, Inc.

         To arrive at an implied valuation for Towne, First Union calculated the
enterprise value, defined as aggregate equity value plus debt and preferred
stock less cash and cash equivalents, of the comparable companies as a multiple
of various historical and projected revenue.
Due to Towne's lack of positive
earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization and net income, a
comparison to these multiples of comparable companies was not relevant.
All
multiples were based on closing stock prices on April 11, 2001.
This analysis
indicated multiples as follows:

           Ratio of Enterprise Value to:                              Range                 Median
           -----------------------------                              -----                 ------

           Latest 12 months revenue:                               1.1x to 3.2x               1.3x
           Latest quarter annualized revenue:                      0.8x to 2.9x               1.3x
           2001 revenue:                                           
0.7x to 3.0x               1.3x
           2002 revenue:                                           0.4x to 2.6x               1.1x

         First Union applied the median trading multiples of the comparable
companies to the respective revenue results and projections of Towne to
determine a range of implied equity values for Towne.
This analysis resulted in
a range of equity values per common share of $7.28 to $8.24, with a median of
$7.96.

         
To calculate the trading multiples utilized in the analysis of selected
comparable publicly traded companies, First Union used publicly available
information concerning the historical and projected financial performance of the
comparable companies.
None of the comparable companies is identical to Towne.

Accordingly, a complete analysis of the results of the foregoing calculations
cannot be limited to a quantitative review of the results and involves complex
considerations and judgments concerning differences in financial and operating
characteristics of the comparable companies and other factors that could affect
the public trading volume of the comparable companies, as well as that of Towne.

         
As the comparable public companies analysis is based solely on revenue
multiples due to Towne's lack of positive EBITDA and net income, and based on
the significant deterioration of the operating performance of Towne, First Union
deemed this analysis not materially relevant with regard to its analysis of the
fairness of the transaction.

         
Selected Comparable Transactions Analysis.
Using publicly available
information, First Union considered selected transactions involving companies
providing services to financial institutions that First Union deemed to be
comparable.
Specifically, First Union reviewed the following transactions:

Acquiror                                       Target
- --------                                       ------

The InterCept Group, Inc.                      Netzee, Inc. - Certain Assets
The InterCept Group, Inc.                      SLMsoft.com Inc. - Certain Assets
London Bridge Software Holdings                Phoenix International Ltd., Inc.
Platinum Equity Holdings                       Billing Concepts Corporation - Certain Assets
The InterCept Group, Inc.                      Advanced Computer Enterprises, Inc.
John H. Harland Company                        Concentrex Incorporated
The InterCept Group, Inc.                      SBS Data Services, Inc.
The InterCept Group, Inc.                      SBS Corporation
The InterCept Group, Inc.                      Data Equipment Services, Inc./L.E. Vickers & Assoc.

CFI ProServices, Inc.                          ULTRADATA Corporation
Towne                                          Forseon Corporation
Towne                                          Banking Solutions, Inc.
Fiserv, Inc.                                   CUSA Technologies, Inc.

         Using publicly available information concerning historical financial
performance, First Union calculated multiples of enterprise value to revenue and
enterprise value to earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and
amortization in each case for the latest 12 months preceding the announcement of
the transactions.
Due to the lack

of positive earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization for
Towne, a comparison of those multiples to enterprise value was not relevant.
For
the comparable transactions, multiples were as follows:

         Ratio of Enterprise Value to:                    Range                      Median
         ----------------------------                     -----                      ------

         Latest 12 months revenue:                        
0.5x to 3.3x               1.6x

         First Union applied the median multiple of the comparable transactions
to the latest 12 months revenue results of Towne to determine an implied equity
value for Towne.
This analysis resulted in a value per common share of $9.49.

         
No company utilized in the selected comparable transactions analysis is
identical to Towne nor is any transaction identical to the contemplated
transaction between Towne and Private Business.
Thus, an analysis of the results
requires complex considerations and judgments regarding the financial and
operating characteristics of Towne and the companies involved in the comparable
transactions analysis, as well as other facts that could affect their
transaction values.
The numerical results are not in themselves meaningful in
analyzing the contemplated transaction as compared to the comparable
transactions.

         
As the comparable public companies analysis is based solely on revenue
multiples due to Towne's lack of positive earnings before interest, taxes,
depreciation and amortization and net income, and based on the significant
deterioration of the operating performance of Towne, First Union deemed this
analysis not materially relevant with regard to its analysis of the fairness of
the transaction.

         
Liquidation Value Analysis.
First Union performed a liquidation value
analysis for Towne based upon the value of its assets and liabilities as of
January 31, 2001.
In the analysis, First Union assumed the value of Towne's cash
to be 100% of book value and all liabilities would be paid in full in the event
of liquidation.
Additionally, First Union analyzed salvage values for non-cash
tangible assets ranging from 25% to 50% of book value.
This analysis resulted in
equity values per common share of $1.41 and $1.93, respectively.

         Dilution Analysis.
First Union performed a dilution analysis for Towne
to analyze the ability of an acquiror to buy Towne in a 100% debt-financed
transaction without dilution to the acquiror's 2002 net income per share.
First
Union did not perform an analysis as to the dilution of net income per share
before 2002 due to Towne's lack of positive projected operating income before
2002.
In performing the analysis, First Union applied interest rates of 10% and
11% to the debt that would be incurred by an acquiror in such a transaction,
yielding equity values per common share of $2.72 and $2.59, respectively.

         
Premiums Paid Analysis.
First Union performed a premiums paid analysis
for Towne based upon a review and analysis of the range of premiums paid in
acquisitions of companies with enterprise values under $100 million since
January 1, 2000 in which 100% of the target's stock was acquired.
Using
information obtained from Thomson Financial Securities Data, First Union
obtained the premium of the offer price per share relative to the target
company's stock price one day, one week and four weeks before the date of
announcement of the transaction.

          
Premium to:                                          Median
          ----------                                           ------

          One Day Before Announcement                           36.7%
          One Week Before Announcement                          36.1%
          Four Weeks Before Announcement                        40.4%

         First Union applied the median premiums to Towne's closing stock price
at each respective date relative to the announcement of the signing of the
letter of intent to merge with Private Business on March 13, 2001.
This analysis
resulted in a range of equity values per common share of $2.14 to $2.81, with a
median of $2.38.
Additionally, First Union noted that the premiums to Towne's
stock price implied by the exchange ratio one day, one week and four weeks
before announcement of the merger were 81.0%, 61.6% and 41.4%, respectively.

         
Analysis of Private Business

         Comparable Public Companies Analysis.
First Union compared certain
financial and operating ratios for Private Business with the corresponding
financial and operating ratios for a group of publicly traded companies

providing services to financial institutions that First Union deemed to be
comparable to Private Business.
For the purpose of its analyses, First Union
used the following financial services:

         -        Digital Insight Corporation

         -        Netzee, Inc.

         -        Online Resources Corporation

         -        Towne

         -        The InterCept Group, Inc.

         To arrive at an implied valuation for Private Business, First Union
calculated the enterprise values and equity values of the comparable companies
as a multiple of various historical and projected results.
All multiples were
based on closing stock prices on April 11, 2001.
This analysis indicated
multiples as follows:

         Ratio of Enterprise Value to:            Range                 Median
         ----------------------------             -----                 ------

         Latest 12 months revenue:             
0.0x to 3.2x              1.2x
         2001 revenue:                         0.0x to 3.0x              1.2x
         2002 revenue:                         
0.0x to 2.6x              0.9x
         Latest 12 months EBITDA:                                       26.3x
         2001 net income:                                               28.4x
         2002 net income:                                               23.5x

         As all but one of the comparable companies have negative EBITDA and net
income, the median multiples of latest 12 months EBITDA and 2001 and 2002 net
income are based solely on the trading multiples of The InterCept Group.

         
First Union applied the median trading multiples of the comparable
companies to the respective results and projections of Private Business to
determine a range of implied equity values for Private Business.
This analysis
resulted in a range of equity values per common share of $1.14 to $41.68, with a
median of $10.53.
All per share values of Private Business reflect a
one-for-three reverse split as contemplated in the merger agreement.

         
To calculate the trading multiples utilized in the analysis of selected
comparable publicly traded companies, First Union used publicly available
information concerning the historical and projected financial performance of the
comparable companies.
None of the comparable companies is identical to Private
Business.
Accordingly, a complete analysis of the results of the foregoing
calculations cannot be limited to a quantitative review of the results and
involves complex considerations and judgments concerning differences in
financial and operating characteristics of the comparable companies and other
factors that could affect the public trading volume of the comparable companies,
as well as that of Private Business.

         
Selected Comparable Transactions Analysis.
Using publicly available
information, First Union considered the same selected transactions involving
companies providing services to financial institutions that that were used in
the analysis of Towne.

         
First Union calculated multiples of enterprise value to revenue and
enterprise value to earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and
amortization in each case for the latest 12 months preceding the announcement of
the transactions.
For the comparable transactions, multiples were as follows:

         Ratio of Enterprise Value to:                    Range                     Median
         ----------------------------                     -----                     ------

         
Latest 12 months revenue:                    
0.5x to 3.3x                   1.6x
         Latest 12 months EBITDA:                     2.5x to 61.1x                 17.9x

         First Union applied the median multiple of the comparable transactions
to the latest 12 months revenue and earnings before interest, taxes,
depreciation and amortization results of Private Business to determine an
implied equity value for Private Business.
This analysis resulted in a range of
equity values per common share of $5.18 to

$26.85, with a median of $16.02.
All per share values of Private Business
reflect a one-for-three reverse split as contemplated in the merger agreement.

         
No company utilized in the selected comparable transactions analysis is
identical to Private Business nor is any transaction identical to the
contemplated transaction between Towne and Private Business.
Thus, an analysis
of the results requires complex considerations and judgments regarding the
financial and operating characteristics of Private Business and the companies
involved in the comparable transactions analysis, as well as other facts that
could affect their transaction values.
The numerical results are not in
themselves meaningful in analyzing the contemplated transaction as compared to
the comparable transactions.

         
Dilution Analysis.
First Union performed a dilution analysis for
Private Business to analyze the ability of an acquiror to buy Private Business
in a 100% debt-financed transaction without dilution to the acquiror's 2001 net
income per share.
In performing the analysis, First Union applied interest rates
of 10% and 11% to the debt that would be incurred by an acquiror in such a
transaction, yielding equity values per common share of $2.43 and $2.05,
respectively.

         
Discounted Cash Flow Analysis.
First Union performed a discounted cash
flow analysis for Private Business for the fiscal years ended 2001 through 2005,
inclusive.
This consisted of an analysis of the present value of the projected
unlevered free cash flows for Private Business for the five-year period.
First
Union used discount rates, determined through the use of the capital asset
pricing model, ranging from 12.8% to 16.8% and terminal value exit multiples of
2005 earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ranging from
5.5x to 6.5x, based on the comparable companies analysis and Private Business's
current trading characteristics, respectively.
Based upon the above analysis,
First Union determined a reference range for an implied value per common share
of $5.69 to $8.66, with a median of $7.08.

         
While the foregoing summary describes the analyses and examinations
that First Union deemed material in arriving at the First Union opinion, it does
not purport to be a comprehensive description of all analyses and examinations
actually conducted by First Union.
The preparation of a fairness opinion
necessarily is not susceptible to partial analysis or summary description; and
selecting portions of the analyses and of the factors considered by First Union,
without considering all analyses and factors, would create an incomplete view of
the process underlying the analyses set forth in the presentations of First
Union to the Towne board of directors on April 12, 2001.
In addition, First
Union may have given some analyses more or less weight than other analyses, and
may have deemed various assumptions more or less probable than other
assumptions.
Accordingly, the ranges of valuations resulting from any particular
analysis described above should not be taken to be First Union's view of the
actual value of Towne, Towne common stock, Private Business or Private Business
common stock.
To the contrary, First Union expressed no opinion on the actual
value of Towne, Towne common stock, Private Business or Private Business common
stock, and the First Union opinion extends only to the belief expressed by First
Union that, from a financial point of view, the exchange ratio that holders of
Towne common stock will receive pursuant to the merger agreement was within the
range of values that might fairly be ascribed to Towne common stock as of the
date of the First Union opinion.

         
In performing its analyses, First Union made numerous assumptions with
respect to industry performance, general business and economic conditions and
other matters, many of which are beyond the control of Towne and Private
Business.
The analyses performed by First Union are not necessarily indicative
of actual values or actual future results, which may be significantly more or
less favorable than those suggested by such analyses.
The analyses were prepared
solely as part of First Union's analysis for the Towne board of directors of the
fairness of the merger to the holders of Towne common stock from a financial
point of view, and were provided solely to the Towne board of directors in
connection with its consideration of the merger.
The analyses do not purport to
be appraisals or to reflect the prices at which a company might actually be sold
or the prices at which any securities may trade at any time in the future.
First
Union used in its analyses the projections of future performance prepared by the
management of Towne and Private Business.
The projections are based on numerous
variables and assumptions which are inherently unpredictable and must be
considered not certain or accurate as projected.
Accordingly, actual results
could vary significantly from those set forth in the projections.

         
The First Union opinion and the presentation to the Towne board of
directors summarized above were among the many factors taken into consideration
by the Towne board of directors in making its determination to

approve, and to recommend that the Towne shareholders approve, the merger.
First
Union does not, however, make any recommendation to holders of Towne common
stock (or to any other person or entity) as to whether they should vote for or
against the merger.

         
Pursuant to the engagement letter, Towne agreed to pay First Union a
fee of $490,000 for its services with respect to the transaction.
The opinion
fee was not conditioned on the outcome of the First Union opinion or whether
Towne or its board of directors deemed such opinion favorable or unfavorable.

The engagement letter also calls for Towne to reimburse First Union for its
reasonable out-of-pocket expenses and for Towne to indemnify First Union, its
affiliates, directors, agents, employees and controlling persons against certain
liabilities, including liabilities under the federal securities laws, relating
to or arising out of First Union's engagement.
First Union and its affiliates
may maintain business relationships with Towne and its affiliates.

         
First Union Securities, Inc., a subsidiary of First Union Corporation,
is a nationally recognized investment banking firm and an affiliate of First
Union Corporation.
First Union and its affiliates, as part of their investment
banking activities, are regularly engaged in the valuation of businesses and
their securities in connection with merger transactions and other types of
acquisitions, negotiated underwritings, secondary distributions of listed and
unlisted securities, private placements and valuations for corporate and other
purposes.
Towne selected First Union as its financial advisor on the basis of
First Union's experience and expertise in transactions similar to the merger
between Towne and Private Business.
In the past, First Union or its affiliates
have performed certain investment banking services for Towne, including acting
as managing underwriter in various equity offerings of Towne, and received
customary fees and commissions for such services.
In the ordinary course of
business, First Union or its affiliates may actively trade the debt and equity
securities of Towne and Private Business for its or any affiliate's own account
or for the account of customers and, accordingly, may hold a long or short
position in such securities.


OPINION OF PRIVATE BUSINESS'S FINANCIAL ADVISOR

         On April 11, 2001, Updata Capital rendered its oral opinion to the
Private Business board of directors, confirmed in writing in a fairness opinion
letter dated April 10, 2001, that, as of the date of such opinion letter and
based upon and subject to the factors and assumptions set forth in such opinion
letter, the consideration and exchange ratio to be paid in the contemplated
merger is fair from a financial point of view to holders of Private Business
common stock.

         
THE FULL TEXT OF THE UPDATA CAPITAL FAIRNESS OPINION, WHICH SETS FORTH
THE ASSUMPTIONS MADE, MATTERS CONSIDERED, AND QUALIFICATIONS AND LIMITATIONS ON
THE REVIEW UNDERTAKEN BY UPDATA CAPITAL, IS ATTACHED AS ANNEX C TO THIS JOINT
PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS AND IS INCORPORATED IN THIS DOCUMENT
BY REFERENCE.

THE SUMMARY OF THE UPDATA CAPITAL FAIRNESS OPINION SET FORTH IN THIS JOINT PROXY
STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS IS QUALIFIED IN ITS ENTIRETY BY REFERENCE TO THE FULL TEXT
OF THE OPINION.
SHAREHOLDERS OF PRIVATE BUSINESS ARE URGED TO READ THE OPINION
IN ITS ENTIRETY.
THE UPDATA CAPITAL FAIRNESS OPINION WAS PROVIDED TO THE PRIVATE
BUSINESS BOARD FOR ITS INFORMATION AND IS DIRECTED ONLY TO THE FAIRNESS FROM A
FINANCIAL POINT OF VIEW OF THE EXCHANGE RATIO TO HOLDERS OF PRIVATE BUSINESS
COMMON STOCK AND DOES NOT ADDRESS THE MERITS OF THE UNDERLYING DECISION BY
PRIVATE BUSINESS TO ENGAGE IN THE MERGER AND DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A
RECOMMENDATION TO PRIVATE BUSINESS'S SHAREHOLDERS AS TO HOW THE SHAREHOLDERS
SHOULD VOTE ON THE AMENDMENT TO PRIVATE BUSINESS'S CHARTER OR THE ISSUANCE OF
SHARES OF PRIVATE BUSINESS COMMON STOCK IN CONNECTION WITH THE MERGER OR ANY
MATTER RELATED TO THE MERGER, AND SHOULD NOT BE RELIED UPON AS SUCH.
UPDATA
CAPITAL HAS NOT EXPRESSED ANY OPINION AS TO THE PRICES AT WHICH PRIVATE BUSINESS
COMMON STOCK WILL TRADE FOLLOWING THE ANNOUNCEMENT OR CONSUMMATION OF THE
MERGER.

         
Updata Capital has consented to the use of Annex C, containing the
Updata Capital fairness opinion, in this joint proxy statement/prospectus, and
to the references to Updata Capital under the headings "Summary" and "Proposal
One for Both Companies - The Merger" in this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

In giving its consent, Updata Capital does not admit that it comes within the
category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Securities
Act or the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder, nor does
Updata Capital admit that it is an expert with respect to any part of the
registration statement in which this joint proxy statement/prospectus is
included, within the meaning of the term "experts" as used in the Securities Act
or the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder.

         
The summary set forth below does not purport to be a complete
description of the analyses underlying the Updata Capital fairness opinion or
the presentation made by Updata Capital to the Private Business board.
The
preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex analytical process involving
various determinations as to the most appropriate and relevant methods of
financial analysis and the application of those methods to the particular
circumstances and, therefore, the opinion is not readily susceptible to partial
analysis or summary description.
In arriving at its opinion, Updata Capital did
not attribute any particular weight to any analysis or factor considered by it,
but rather made qualitative judgments as to the significance and relevance of
each analysis and factor.
Accordingly, Updata Capital believes that its analyses
must be considered as a whole and that selecting portions of its analyses,
without considering all of its analyses, would create an incomplete view of the
process underlying the Updata Capital fairness opinion.

         
In performing its analyses, numerous assumptions were made with respect
to industry performance, general business, economic, market and financial
conditions and other matters, many of which are beyond the control of Updata
Capital, Towne or Private Business.
Any estimates contained in the analyses
performed by Updata Capital are not necessarily indicative of actual values or
future results, which may be significantly more or less favorable than suggested
by the analyses.
Additionally, estimates of the value of businesses or
securities do not purport to be appraisals or to reflect the prices at which the
businesses or securities might actually be sold.
Accordingly, the analyses and
estimates are inherently subject to substantial uncertainty.
In addition, the
requirement for the delivery of the Updata Capital fairness opinion was among
several factors taken into consideration by the Private Business board in making
its determination to approve the merger agreement and the transactions
contemplated thereby, Consequently, the Updata Capital analyses described below
should not be viewed as determinative of the decision of the Private Business
board or Private Business's management with respect to the fairness of the
exchange ratio.

         
In arriving at its opinion, Updata Capital, among other things:

         -        reviewed the draft of the merger agreement dated April 7,
                  2001, and based its opinion on the understanding that the
                  terms and conditions of the agreement will not materially
                  change;

         -        reviewed Private Business's and Towne's historical and
                  projected financial statements;

         -        participated in discussions with Private Business management
                  and Towne management concerning the operations, business
                  strategy, financial performance and prospects for Towne and
                  Private Business;

         -        reviewed recent reported closing prices and trading activity
                  for Private Business's and Towne's common stock;

         -        compared certain aspects of the financial and market
                  performance of Towne with public companies deemed comparable
                  by Updata Capital in whole or in part;

         -        analyzed available information, both public and private,
                  concerning certain other mergers and acquisitions deemed
                  comparable in whole or in part to the contemplated merger;

         -        reviewed Towne's audited financial statements for the fiscal
                  years ended December 31, 1999 and December 31, 1998;
Towne's
                  unaudited statements of operations for the fiscal year ended
                  December 31, 2000; and recent unaudited actual financial data
                  for the months of January and February 2001;

         -        assessed, based on discussions with the Private Business's and
                  Towne's senior management, the strategic rationale for the
                  contemplated merger;

         -        conducted other financial studies, analyses and
                  investigations, including analysis of certain financial
                  projections of Private Business, as Updata Capital deemed
                  appropriate for purposes of the opinion.

         
In preparing its opinion, Updata Capital assumed and relied on the
accuracy and completeness of financial and other information supplied or
otherwise made available to Updata Capital by Private Business and Towne,
discussed with Updata Capital, or that was publicly available; Updata Capital
has not assumed any responsibility for independently verifying this information
or undertaken an independent evaluation or appraisal of any of the assets or
liabilities of Towne or Private Business or been furnished with any evaluation
or appraisal.
In addition, Updata

Capital has not conducted, or assumed any obligation to conduct, any physical
inspection of the properties or facilities of Towne or Private Business.
With
respect to the financial forecast information furnished to or discussed with
Updata Capital by Towne or Private Business, Updata Capital assumed that they
had been reasonably prepared and, at the time of their review, reflected the
best available estimates and judgment of Towne's or Private Business's
management as to the expected future financial performance of Towne or Private
Business, as the case may be.
Updata Capital further assumed that the merger
would be accounted for as a purchase under generally accepted accounting
principles and that it would qualify as a tax-free reorganization for U.S.
federal income tax purposes.
Updata Capital also assumed that the final form of
the merger agreement would be substantially similar to the last draft reviewed
by it.

         
Updata Capital's opinion is necessarily based upon market, economic and
other conditions as they existed and could be evaluated on, and on the
information made available to Updata Capital as of, the date of its opinion.

Updata Capital has assumed that in the course of obtaining the necessary
regulatory or other consents or approvals (contractual or otherwise) for the
merger, no restrictions, including any divestiture requirements or amendments or
modifications, will be imposed that will have an adverse effect on the
contemplated benefits of the merger.

         
The exchange ratio for the contemplated merger was determined through
analyses of current and projected financial and operating data by both Private
Business and Towne and through negotiations between the chief executive officers
of Private Business and Towne.
After substantial analysis and consideration, the
Private Business board unanimously approved the merger agreement and the
transactions contemplated in it, including the merger, and the amendment to
Private Business's charter to effect a one-for-three split of Private Business's
common stock.

         
The following is a brief summary of the material analyses performed by
Updata Capital in connection with its preparation of the fairness opinion.

Determination of financial fairness from the analysis set forth below is based
upon market data from the close of business on April 9, 2001 that implied an
offer price per share of Towne common stock of $2.70, and a multiple of 2000
revenue of 0.2x.
Some of the following summaries of financial analyses include
information presented in tabular format.
In order to understand fully the
financial analyses used by Updata Capital, the tables must be read together with
the text of each summary.
The tables alone do not constitute a complete
description of the financial analyses.
Considering the data set forth in the
tables without considering the full narrative description of the financial
analyses, including the methodologies and assumptions underlying the analyses,
could create a misleading or incomplete view of the financial analyses performed
by Updata Capital.

         
Analysis of Premiums Paid in Public M&A Transactions

         Updata Capital reviewed premiums paid in 50 mergers and acquisitions of
public traded software companies since 1999, at one day and thirty day periods
prior to the announcement of such transactions.
The range of one-day premiums
was (4.1%) to 107.4% with a mean value of 38.8%.
Based upon Towne's closing
price of $1.56 on March 12, 2001, these premiums implied a per share price range
of $1.50 to $3.24 with a mean value of $2.17.
The range of thirty-day premiums
was (96.1%) to 520.5% with a mean value of 72.1%.
Based upon Towne's closing
price of $2.00 on February 12, 2001, these premiums implied a per share price
range of $0.08 to $12.41 with a mean value of $3.44.

                                                   
ONE DAY PRIOR TO       THIRTY DAYS PRIOR
                                                   ANNOUNCEMENT           TO ANNOUNCEMENT
                                                   ------------           ---------------

              PERCENTAGE PREMIUMS   Median         37.7%                  29.6%
                                    Mean           38.8%                  72.1%

              PRICE PER SHARE       Median         $2.15                  $2.59
                                    Mean           $2.17                  $3.44

         Analysis of Publicly Traded Companies Considered Comparable to Towne

         This analysis reviews Towne's operating performance and outlook, and
market valuation multiples based upon such performance and outlook, relative to
a group of public companies deemed comparable in whole or in part to Towne, to
determine a range of implied values for Towne.
Using publicly filed SEC
documents and published

estimates from Wall Street equity analysts, Updata Capital analyzed the
comparable companies in the context of revenue and EBITDA numbers for calendar
year 2000 and 2001 as multiples of net enterprise value, and net income numbers
for calendar year 2000 and 2001 as multiples of equity market value.
Equity
market value represents a company's current stock price multiplied by its
diluted shares outstanding.
Net enterprise value is defined as equity market
value plus debt and preferred stock, minus cash and cash equivalents on the most
recent publicly available balance sheet.
EBITDA means a company's earnings
before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization.
Although Updata Capital
reviewed all three of the above-stated multiples, due to Towne's historically
negative EBITDA and net income, implied valuations presented to the Private
Business board focused on revenue multiples.
With respect to implied valuations
of Towne based upon projected revenues, Updata Capital utilized two sets of
projections: (a) calendar 2001 revenue estimates provided by Towne management,
and (b) run rate 2001 revenue determined by multiplying Towne's actual unaudited
January and February 2001 results by six to imply 12 months of revenues.

         
Because Towne may be reasonably considered, at least in part, both a
financial software company and a financial processing outsourcing company,
Updata Capital conducted its comparable company analysis by examining both types
of companies.
Closing stock prices as of April 9, 2000 were used to calculated
net enterprise value, and trading multiples were discounted 50% to reflect
certain risks and limitations associated with Towne's size and operating
history.
For example, Towne has a significantly smaller market capitalization
than all of the publicly traded comparables reviewed and has had operating
losses.

         
The financial processing outsourcers utilized in the trading analysis
were:

         -        Automatic Data Processing Inc.

         -        Ceridian Corp.

         -        Fiserv Inc.

         -        National Processing Inc.

         -        National Data Corporation

         -        Probusiness Services Inc.

         Among these companies, the discounted revenue multiples for 2000 ranged
from 0.7x to 2.4x, with a mean of 1.5x, and the discounted revenue multiples for
2001 ranged from 0.6x to 2.2x with a mean of 1.3x.
Translated into implied
values for Towne's common stock, these multiples resulted in per share prices
ranging from $5.55 to $14.05 with a mean of $9.60 for 2000 revenues, and per
share prices ranging from $4.71 to $12.68 with a mean of $8.52 for estimated
2001 revenues.
Translated into an implied value for Towne's common stock based
upon a run rate of Towne's results in January and February of 2001, these
multiples resulted in per share prices ranging from $4.34 to $11.30 with a mean
of $7.67 for 2001 revenues.

         
The financial software companies that Updata Capital considered
comparable to Towne were:

         -        Deltek Systems Corp.

         -        Intuit Inc.

         -        Sanchez Computer Associates Inc.

         -        SunGard Data Systems Inc.

         -        Timberline Software Corporation

         Among these companies, the discounted revenue multiples for 2000 ranged
from 0.2x to 2.8x with a mean of 1.3x, and the discounted revenue multiples for
2001 ranged from 1.1x to 2.1x with a mean of 1.6x.
Translated into a value for
Towne's common stock based upon Towne's projections, these multiples resulted in
per share prices ranging from $2.98 to $15.95 with a mean of $8.21 for 2000
revenues, and per share prices ranging from $7.06 to $12.11 with a mean of $9.78
for estimated 2001 revenues.
Translated into an implied value for Towne's common

stock based upon a run rate of Towne's results in January and February of 2001,
these multiples resulted in per share prices ranging from $6.39 to $10.81 with a
mean of $8.77 for 2001 revenues.

                                       
FINANCIAL OUTSOURCERS              FINANCIAL SOFTWARE COMPANIES
                                  2000 REVENUES      2001 REVENUES      2000 REVENUES      2001 REVENUES
                                  -------------      -------------      -------------      -------------

Multiples             Median      1.5x               1.5x               1.0x               1.7x
                      Mean        1.5x               1.3x               1.3x               1.6x
Price per share
(Management           Median      $9.50              $9.12              $7.05              $10.18
Projections)          Mean        $9.60              $8.52              $8.21              $9.78
Price per share
(Run Rate             Median                         $8.19                                 $9.11
Projections)          Mean                           $7.67                                 $8.77

         Analysis of Comparable Precedent Transactions

         This analysis provides a valuation range based on multiples paid in
selected acquisitions of public and private companies that were deemed to be
reasonably similar to Towne in whole or in part.
For each transaction, Updata
Capital calculated transaction multiples at announcement based on transaction
value, which is equivalent to net enterprise value, over the latest 12 month
(LTM) revenues and LTM EBIT, where data was available and meaningful.
Due to
historical and projected negative EBIT for Towne, the valuation range was
calculated using revenue multiples.
It should be noted that none of the
precedent transactions are identical to the contemplated merger and that,
therefore, there are numerous factors that may have impacted the resulting
transaction multiples that would affect the implied valuation of Towne.

         
Acquisitions included by Updata Capital, and for which data was
available were (Target - Acquirer):

         -        Great Plains Software Inc. - Microsoft Corp.

         -        Best Software Inc. - Sage Group PLC

         -        Global Financial Systems Ltd. - Financial Objects PLC

         -        PC Docs Group International Inc. - Hummingbird Communications
                  Ltd.

         -        JWGenesis Clearing Corp - Fiserv, Inc.

         -        Peachtree Software Inc. - Sage Group PLC

         -        Taxsoft Ltd - Sage Group PLC

         -        CODA Group PLC - Baan Company N.V.

         -        CUSA Technologies, Inc. - Fiserv Inc.

         -        Quantra Corporation - SS&C Technologies Inc.

         -        Infinity Financial Technology - SunGard Data Systems Inc.

         
Within this set of precedent transactions, the transaction
value/revenue multiples ranged from 0.8x to 5.3x with a mean of 2.7x.
Translated
into a share price value, these multiples resulted in share prices ranging from
$6.02 to $28.45, with a mean value of $15.52.

                               
MULTIPLE               Median           2.5x
                                                      Mean             2.7x
                                                      ----             
----
                               PRICE PER SHARE        Median           $14.49
                                                      Mean             $15.52

         Other Analyses

         Updata Capital conducted such other analyses as it deemed necessary,
including: performing a relative contribution analysis examining each of Private
Business's and Towne's projected results, and relative post-merger ownership;
examining the accretive and dilutive impact of the merger on Private Business's
market value; analyzing selected research reports and news articles related to
industry sectors in which Private Business and Towne participate; and reviewing
the stock price performance of Towne, Private Business and other relevant
publicly traded companies.

         
Updata Capital Fee

         In mid-March 2001, the board of directors of Private Business retained
Updata Capital to analyze the contemplated merger from a financial standpoint,
conduct necessary due diligence in connection therewith and render a fairness
opinion to the Private Business board.
The Private Business board has agreed to
pay Updata Capital a fee of $175,000 for these services, payable upon
consummation of the contemplated merger.
Private Business also has agreed to
reimburse Updata Capital for expenses reasonably incurred by it in performing
services in connection with this engagement (including reasonable counsel fees)
and to indemnify Updata Capital and its affiliates and their respective
officers, directors, employees, agents and controlling persons against certain
expenses, losses, claims, damages or liabilities in connection with services
performed in connection with its engagement, including liabilities under federal
securities laws.

         
Private Business retained Updata Capital based upon Updata Capital's
experience and expertise.
Updata Capital focuses on providing merger and
acquisition, and strategic advisory services to information technology
companies.
Updata Capital, as part of its investment banking services, is
regularly engaged in the valuation of businesses and their securities in
connection with mergers and acquisitions, strategic transactions, corporate
restructurings, and other investment banking activity.
Updata Capital has
provided investment banking and other financial advisory services to Private
Business in the past and may in the future provide such services to Private
Business or Towne or their affiliates and may receive fees for the rendering of
such services.


TOWNE STOCK OPTIONS TO BE ASSUMED BY PRIVATE BUSINESS IN THE MERGER

         In the merger, Private Business will assume each then outstanding Towne
common stock option granted under Towne's equity incentive plans and non-plan
arrangements, whether vested or unvested, after giving effect to any applicable
change in control or similar type provisions which are triggered by the merger
and do not create a variable plan for accounting purposes.
Private Business will
amend certain stock options granted to Towne's directors and advisory directors
to permit these options to remain exercisable through their scheduled expiration
dates, rather than terminating within a specified period following the
respective Towne director's termination of service to Towne following the
merger.
See "Proposal One for Both Companies - The Merger - Interests of Certain
Persons in the Merger That Are Different from Your Interests - Modification of
Director Options" for details regarding this matter.
Otherwise, each assumed
Towne option will be converted into an option to acquire, on the same terms and
conditions in effect for the option immediately prior to the closing date of the
merger but adjusted for the exchange ratio, Private Business common stock in the
manner described in "The Merger Agreement and Related Agreements - Covenants and
Agreement - Stock Option Plans and Arrangements."
As soon as practicable after
the closing of the merger, Private Business will issue documentation to the
Towne optionees evidencing the assumption of each option.

         
The Towne options that Private Business will assume in the merger were
granted under the following terms:

         1996 Stock Option Plan

         Private Business will assume approximately 286,740 options granted by
Towne under the Towne Services, Inc. 1996 Stock Option Plan.
The 1996 plan was
approved by Towne's shareholders and established to promote the interests of
Towne and its subsidiaries by giving certain employees, directors, key
consultants and advisors an opportunity to acquire or increase their proprietary
interests in Towne.
All of these options were issued at the fair market value of
the common stock on the date of grant as determined by Towne's board of
directors.
Effective May

19, 1998, Towne did not grant any additional options under this plan and
following the merger, no additional stock options will be granted pursuant to
this plan.
Some of the options granted pursuant to this plan are designated as
incentive stock options, and the remainder are classified as non-statutory stock
options.
Assuming no modifications are made to the stock option agreements other
than the adjustments to the number of options and the exercise prices to reflect
Private Business's assumption, the status of any Towne incentive stock options
assumed by Private Business in the merger will not change following the merger.

The tax consequences for any assumed Towne incentive stock options will be the
same as that of any other Private Business incentive stock options.
For a
detailed description of the federal income tax consequences of these different
types of options, see the discussion regarding Private Business's stock option
plans under "Proposal Four for Private Business - Federal Income Tax
Consequences of the 1999 Amended and Restated Stock Option Plan.
"

         1998 Stock Option Plan

         Private Business will assume approximately 550,258 options granted by
Towne under the Towne Services, Inc. 1998 Stock Option Plan.
The 1998 plan,
which was approved by Towne's shareholders in 1999, was established to promote
the interests of Towne and its subsidiaries by giving certain employees,
directors, key consultants and advisors an opportunity to acquire or increase
their proprietary interests in Towne.
All of these options were issued at the
fair market value of the common stock on the date of grant based upon the
closing price of Towne common stock on the Nasdaq National Market.
Following the
merger, no additional stock options will be granted pursuant to the 1998 plan.

Some of the options granted pursuant to this plan are designated as incentive
stock options, and the remainder are classified as non-statutory stock options.

Assuming no modifications are made to the stock option agreements other than the
adjustments to the number of options and the exercise prices to reflect Private
Business's assumption, the status of any Towne incentive stock options assumed
by Private Business in the merger will not change following the merger.
The tax
consequences for any assumed Towne incentive stock options will be the same as
that for any other Private Business incentive stock options.
For a detailed
description of the federal income tax consequences of these different types of
options, see the discussion regarding Private Business's stock option plans
under "Proposal Four for Private Business - Federal Income Tax Consequences of
the 1999 Amended and Restated Stock Option Plan.
"

         Director Plan

         Private Business will assume approximately 59,026 options granted by
Towne under the Towne Services, Inc.
Amended and Restated Director Stock Option
Plan.
The director plan was approved by Towne's shareholders in 2000 and
provides for the annual grant of 2,000 non-statutory stock options, plus 1,000
for each committee a director serves on, to non-employee directors of Towne as
compensation for their service.
Private Business will assume these options under
amended conditions that will permit these options to remain exercisable through
their scheduled expiration dates, rather than terminating within 180 days
following the respective Towne director's termination of service to Towne
following the merger.
See "Proposal One for Both Companies - The Merger -
Interests of Certain Persons in the Merger That Are Different from Your
Interests - Modification of Director Options" for details regarding this matter.

All of these options were issued at the fair market value of Towne's common
stock on the date of grant based upon the closing price of Towne common stock on
the Nasdaq National Market.
Following the merger, no additional stock options
will be granted under this plan.
The federal income tax consequences for any
assumed Towne non-statutory stock options are the same as that for any Private
Business non-statutory stock options which are described under "Proposal Four
for Private Business - Federal Income Tax Consequences of the 1999 Amended and
Restated Stock Option Plan."

         Non-Plan Stock Option Arrangements

         Private Business will assume approximately 196,960 options granted by
Towne outside of any formal stock option plan.
These arrangements were not
approved by Towne's shareholders, and therefore all of these stock options are
non-statutory.
Private Business will assume 150,575 of these options that belong
to Towne directors and an advisory board member under amended conditions that
will permit these options to remain exercisable through their scheduled
expiration dates, as opposed to terminating within 30 to 90 days, depending upon
the individual agreement, following the respective Towne directors' and advisory
director's termination of service to Towne following the merger.
See "Proposal
One for Both Companies - The Merger - Interests of Certain Persons in the Merger
That Are Different from Your Interests - Modification of Director Options" for
details regarding this matter.


Private Business will assume the remaining 46,385 non-plan stock options under
their existing terms.
All of these options were issued at the fair market value
of Towne's common stock on the date of grant as determined by Towne's board of
directors.
The federal income tax consequences for any assumed Towne
non-statutory stock options are the same as that for any non-statutory stock
options which are described under "Proposal Four for Private Business - Federal
Income Tax Consequences of the 1999 Amended and Restated Stock Option Plan.
"

INTERESTS OF CERTAIN PERSONS IN THE MERGER THAT ARE DIFFERENT FROM YOUR
INTERESTS

         In considering the recommendation of the Towne board of directors with
respect to the merger, you should be aware that two executive officers and the
directors of Towne have significant interests in the merger that will provide
them with benefits that are in addition to their interests as a shareholder of
Towne generally.
The Towne board of directors was aware of these and other
potential conflicts discussed below and considered them in approving the merger.

         
Pursuant to their respective employment or other "change of control"
type agreements, the following Towne officers are entitled to receive the
benefits described below.
The merger will constitute a "change of control" for
purposes of such agreements.

         
G. Lynn Boggs, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of
Directors.
Mr. Boggs will not continue as an employee of the surviving company
or Private Business after the merger, but he will serve as a consultant to
assist with business integration issues that may result from the merger.
Mr.
Boggs will be entitled to a series of payments over time equal to the present
value at closing of approximately $750,000 (calculated at a discount rate of
10%), consisting of (a) a payment at closing of $250,000, (b) a consulting
arrangement at Private Business for six months following the closing at a rate
of $400,000 per year, and (c) upon termination of the consulting arrangement, a
payment of $320,000 as reasonable compensation for his agreement not to compete
with the surviving company or Private Business for one year following
termination of the consulting agreement.
He will also receive title to his
company car and the furniture in his office at the closing of the merger, and
Towne will reimburse him for any COBRA continuation premiums he pays during the
18 months following the merger.
These payments will be in lieu of the $1,175,000
payment provided for in his current executive employment agreement with Towne.

Mr. Boggs is not entitled to the accelerated vesting of any equity securities he
holds at the time of termination.
Private Business will assume the options Mr.
Boggs received as an executive officer under its covenant in the merger
agreement to assume all outstanding Towne stock options, but those options will
expire according to their terms at specified periods after he leaves the
employment of Towne upon the merger.
As is true for all of Towne's directors,
however, the Towne options he has received for his service as a director will be
assumed by Private Business and modified to reflect that they will remain in
effect until their scheduled expiration dates, notwithstanding that they would
under their terms expire on specified dates after his service as a Towne
director ended.
See "Modification of Director Options" below.
"

         Henry M. Baroco, President, Chief Operating Officer, and Director.
A
condition to the merger is that Mr. Baroco be employed as Chief Operating
Officer of Private Business after the merger pursuant to an employment
agreement.
Under the employment agreement, Mr. Baroco will have a salary of
$225,000, receive ownership of his company car, receive an additional 66,667
(post-split) options in Private Business, and Private Business will assume the
options he received as an executive officer of Towne.
If Mr. Baroco resigns from
Private Business after January 1, 2002 or resigns before January 1, 2002 because
of an uncured material breach by Private Business, or if Mr. Baroco is
terminated by Private Business without "cause" at any time, then Mr. Baroco will
receive $930,000, payable in equal 1/24th monthly payments over a term of over
two years.
Also, in this event any of Mr. Baroco's vested options will remain
exercisable for the remainder of their stated term, and Mr. Baroco will continue
to receive life and health insurance benefits until Mr. Baroco reaches age 65,
and his wife will continue to receive life and health insurance benefits until
she reaches age 65.

         
Randall S. Vosler, Chief Financial Officer.
Mr. Vosler will not
continue as an employee of the combined company.
Under Mr. Vosler's employment
contract, if his employment is terminated by Towne or him after a change in
control, he will receive a severance payment equal to six months' salary.

         
Modification of Director Options.
All of the options the Towne
directors (and an advisory director) have received in connection with their
service as directors have vested, and those options will be assumed by Private

Business as provided in the merger agreement.
Like all Towne options, the
options that a director has received for his service as a director will be
assumed by Private Business and converted into options to purchase shares of
Private Business common stock based on the exchange ratio used in the merger.

Unlike the other Towne options, however, the options held by all Towne directors
will be modified to reflect that they will remain in effect until their
scheduled expiration dates, notwithstanding that under their terms they would
otherwise expire on specified dates after a director's service on the Towne
board has ended.
These options are described in more detail in the following
table:

                                                                                               
WEIGHTED AVERAGE
                                                             WEIGHTED AVERAGE EXERCISE          EXPIRATION DATE
NAME OF TOWNE DIRECTOR                 NUMBER OF OPTIONS          PRICE PER SHARE                 AS MODIFIED
- ----------------------                 -----------------          ---------------                 -----------

Henry M. Baroco................             26,185                   $   2.73                      12/28/06
G. Lynn Boggs..................             16,519                       4.96                      05/28/07
Frank W. Brown.................              8,614                      11.51                      10/04/05
Thomas A. Bryan................             
29,300                       3.83                      11/21/06
John W. Collins................             34,799                       5.55                      12/03/06
Richardson M. Roberts..........             10,114                      31.11                      11/09/07
Joe M. Rodgers.................             14,614                      28.76                      07/29/07
John D. Schneider..............             11,500                      24.85                      09/08/07
J. Daniel Speight, Jr. ........             
19,614                       6.65                      06/24/06
Glenn W. Sturm.................              6,614                      12.05                      11/02/05
J. Stephen Turner..............             19,114                       8.20                      12/06/06
Bahram Yusefzadeh..............             
12,614                      12.73                      05/02/06

         Three Directors Designated to Serve on the Private Business Board Upon
the Mergers.
Under the terms of the merger agreement, Towne has the right to
designate three directors for election to the Private Business board of
directors at the effective time of the merger, and Towne's board of directors
has selected Frank W. Brown, Richardson M. Roberts, and Glenn W. Sturm as its
designees.
These directors, unlike the other Towne directors and the Towne
shareholders generally, have the opportunity to benefit from their continuing
service on the Private Business board and from the cash and equity compensation
they can expect to gain from such service.
See "Proposal Two for Towne -
Election of Directors" below for biographical information about these three
designees.

         
Glenn W. Sturm Is Partner in Law Firm that Is Counsel to Towne.
Mr.
Sturm, a director of Towne and member of its executive committee, is a partner
in the law firm Nelson Mullins Riley & Scarborough, L.L.P. Towne has engaged
Nelson Mullins to provide legal advice to Towne in a variety of contexts,
including in connection with the merger.

         
Indemnification Arrangements.
Under the merger agreement, Private
Business has agreed to, and to cause the surviving corporation in the merger to,
indemnify and hold harmless each present and former officer and director of
Towne and Private Business against any costs, expenses, judgments, fines,
losses, claims, damages, liabilities or amounts paid in settlement, arising out
of or pertaining to acts or omissions in their capacity as an officer and/or
director of Towne occurring at or before the effective time of the merger to the
fullest extent Towne would have been permitted under the Georgia Business
Corporation Code and its articles of incorporation or bylaws on the date of the
merger agreement.

         
Insurance.
Private Business has agreed to cause the surviving
corporation to pay up to $400,000 to purchase a "run-off" endorsement to the
directors' and officers' liability insurance policy covering Towne as the
surviving company of the merger with Towne Acquisition Corporation and the
persons who are covered as of the date of the merger agreement by Towne's
directors' and officers' liability insurance policy.
This run-off endorsement
will have the effect of extending the coverage under the policy for six years
from the closing of the merger.

         
Limited Covenant Not to Sue.
Private Business has agreed, on behalf of
itself and Towne, that no such person will make any claim against any present or
former director or officer of Towne, Towne Acquisition Corporation or Private
Business that would result in such person losing the benefit of any directors'
and officers'

insurance to which such officer or director would otherwise have been entitled
without the consent of the majority of Private Business's board of directors.

         
Approval of the merger by the Towne shareholders will also constitute
consent to benefits provided to the Towne executive officers and directors in
connection with the merger.


ACCOUNTING TREATMENT

         The merger will be accounted for as a purchase for accounting and
financial reporting purposes.
Under this method of accounting, Towne will be
treated as a separate entity for periods before the completion of the merger.

After the merger becomes effective, Towne's financial results will be
consolidated with Private Business's financial results.
Unaudited pro forma
consolidated financial statements giving effect to the merger are presented
under "Pro Forma Consolidated Financial Data."


LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

         Towne is, from time to time, a party to litigation arising in the
normal course of its business operations.
Based on information currently
available, management of Towne believes that it is not a party to any litigation
the results of which it expects to have a material adverse effect on its
business, financial position or results of operations, except as follows:

         1.
In re Towne Services, Inc./Securities Litigation; Case No.
1:99-CV-2641-BBM; filed in U.S. District Court, Northern District of Georgia on
January 31, 2001.
Before being combined into one lawsuit as explained below,
this lawsuit was previously known before consolidation as (a) Thomas J. Golab v.
Towne Services, Inc., Drew W. Edwards, Henry M. Baroco, and Bruce F. Lowthers;

Case No. 1:99-CV-2641-JTC; filed in U.S. District Court, Northern District Court
of Georgia, on October 12, 1999; and (b) James E. Bolen v. Towne Services, Inc.,
Drew W. Edwards, Henry M. Baroco, and Bruce F. Lowthers; Case No. 1:99-CV-3067;
filed in U.S. District Court, Northern District of Georgia, on November 24,
1999.

         
The two original suits are purported securities class actions brought
by the named individual shareholders against the Company, two of its former
officers and a current officer.
No class has yet been certified.
The complaints
allege, among other things, that Towne should have disclosed in the prospectus
used for its secondary public offering in June 1999 that it allegedly
experienced serious problems with its network infrastructure and processing
facilities during the move of its corporate headquarters in June 1999, and that
these problems allegedly led to a higher than usual number of customers
terminating their contracts during the second quarter.
Plaintiffs further claim
that the alleged failure by Towne to disclose a component of income separate
from continuing operations related to a sale of software during the second
quarter violated generally accepted accounting principles and that the sale of
the software was conducted to conceal the loss of revenues from customer
attrition.
The complaints seek an unspecified award of damages.
The court
recently granted a motion to consolidate the Golab and Bolen cases and the
plaintiffs have filed an amended complaint.
This amended complaint combines the
claims in the Golab and Bolen cases.
Towne has filed a motion to dismiss for
failure to state a claim, and the plaintiffs have filed an answer to Towne's
motion.
Discovery has not yet commenced and will be stayed pending the court's
ruling on the motion to dismiss.
Towne believes that the allegations in the
complaints are without merit and intend to defend the lawsuits vigorously.

Towne's directors and executive officers liability insurance carrier is
presently providing a defense under a reservation of rights.

         
2.
Edward H. Sullivan, Jr. and Lisa Sullivan v. Towne Services, Inc.,
Towne Services, Inc., as the successor to Banking Solutions, Inc., Banc
Leasing.Com, Inc., the successor to BSI Capital Funding, Inc., Moseley &
Standerfer, P.C., David R. Frank, Don G. Shafer, and Shannon W. Webb; filed in
the District Court of Collin County, Texas; Judicial District 199; Civil Action
No. 199-1848-99, on or about November 15, 1999.

         
This lawsuit arises out of Towne's acquisition of Banking Solutions,
Inc., or BSI, through a stock purchase made by its subsidiary, BSI Acquisition
Corp., in December 1998.
Plaintiff Edward Sullivan, Jr. was employed by BSI.

Sullivan alleges, among other things, that he had a buy-out agreement with BSI
and certain BSI shareholders under which, in certain circumstances, Sullivan was
to receive a commission based on the gross sales price paid by any purchaser of
BSI.
Sullivan contends that BSI and the other shareholders allegedly
fraudulently induced him to

release them from the agreement by fraudulently misrepresenting the gross sales
price paid by Towne's subsidiary in the stock purchase.
Sullivan contends that
Towne is liable to him as the successor to BSI, and also for allegedly
tortiously interfering with the agreement.
Sullivan also contends Towne
conspired with the other defendants to misrepresent the "gross purchase price.
"
Towne denies all allegations of the petition.
Mr. Sullivan and his wife seek an
unspecified amount of damages including a percentage of the gross sales price
paid by Towne's subsidiary for the acquisition of BSI, as well as punitive
damages, attorneys' fees, and pre-judgment and post-judgment interest.
Towne has
filed a motion for summary judgment seeking dismissal of all claims against it.

The court has not yet ruled on the motion, and discovery is ongoing.
Towne
believes that the allegations in the complaint are without merit and intends to
defend the lawsuit vigorously.
Towne also contends that it is entitled to
indemnification from the BSI shareholders for Towne's expenses in defending this
action.
Specifically, the BSI stock purchase agreement provides that the BSI
shareholders will indemnify Towne against any claims, damages, liabilities,
costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' and accountants' fees and
expenses)
Towne suffers that arise out of any breach of the representations made
by BSI in the agreement, provided that the aggregate amount of all such claims,
etc. exceeds $100,000.

         
Private Business is, from time to time, a party to litigation arising
in the normal course of its business operations.
Based on information currently
available, management of Private Business believes that it is not a party to any
litigation the results of which it expects to have a material adverse effect on
its business, financial position or results of operations.

DISSENTERS' RIGHTS

         Under both Tennessee and Georgia law, a shareholder of a corporation
who does not vote in favor of certain mergers and who demands appraisal of such
shareholder's shares in connection with the merger may, in varying
circumstances, be entitled to dissenters' rights.
Under those rights, the
shareholder may receive money in the amount of the fair value of the
shareholder's shares of stock in lieu of the consideration the shareholder would
otherwise receive in the transaction.

         
Private Business Shareholders Dissenters' Rights

         Any holder of Private Business common stock is entitled to dissenters'
rights under Title 48, Chapter 23 of the Tennessee Business Corporation Act as a
result of the merger.
Furthermore, any holder of fewer than three shares of
Private Business common stock is entitled to dissenters' rights as a result of
the reverse stock split.
The following discussion is not a complete statement of
the law pertaining to dissenters' rights under the Tennessee Act.
Any Private
Business shareholder who wishes to exercise such dissenters' rights, or who
wishes to preserve his or her right to do so, should carefully review Title 48,
Chapter 23 of the Tennessee Act, a copy of which is attached as Annex F1 to this
document, and the following discussion.
Failure to timely and properly comply
with the procedures specified will result in the forfeiture of dissenters'
rights under the Tennessee Act.

         
The availability of dissenters' rights is conditioned upon compliance
with applicable law.
Accordingly, any Private Business shareholder who wishes to
dissent from the merger and receive the value of his or her shares of Private
Business common stock in money should consult with his or her own legal counsel.

         
Eligibility.
A Private Business shareholder's failure to vote against
the merger agreement will not constitute a waiver of his or her dissenter's or
similar rights.
A vote against the merger agreement will not be deemed to
satisfy all of the notice requirements under Tennessee law with respect to
dissenters' rights.

         
To be eligible to exercise the right to dissent, a Private Business
shareholder must:

         -        give notice in writing to Private Business before the vote on
                  the merger agreement that such Private Business shareholder
                  intends to demand payment for his or her shares of Private
                  Business common stock if the merger is consummated; and

         -        not vote such shareholder's shares of Private Business common
                  stock in favor of the merger agreement.

         
Dissenters' Notice.
If the merger is approved, Private Business must
deliver a written dissenters' notice to all Private Business shareholders who
satisfied the requirements referred to in the preceding paragraph.
Private
Business must deliver the dissenters' notice within 10 days after the
shareholders authorize the merger.
This notice must:

         -        state where the payment demand must be sent and where and when
                  Private Business common stock certificates must be deposited;

         -        inform holders of uncertificated shares of Private Business
                  common stock to what extent transfer of the shares will be
                  restricted after the payment demand is received;

         -        supply a form for demanding payment that includes the date of
                  the first announcement to the news media or to Private
                  Business shareholders of the principal terms of the merger,
                  and requires that the Private Business shareholder asserting
                  dissenters' rights certify whether he or she acquired
                  beneficial ownership of the shares of Private Business common
                  stock before that date;

         -        set a date by which Private Business must receive the payment
                  demand, which date may not be fewer than one nor more than two
                  months after the date the dissenters' notice is delivered; and

         -        be accompanied by a copy of Title 48, Chapter 23 of the
                  Tennessee Act, if not previously provided.

         
Payment Demand.
A shareholder who is sent a dissenters' notice must
demand payment in accordance with the terms of the dissenters' notice, certify
that he or she acquired beneficial ownership of the shares of Private Business
common stock before the date required to be given in the dissenters' notice, and
deposit his or her stock certificates representing shares of Private Business
common stock in accordance with the terms of the dissenters' notice.

         
A Private Business shareholder who demands payment and deposits his or
her stock certificates in accordance with the previous paragraph retains all
other rights of a Private Business shareholder until those rights are canceled
or modified by the consummation of the merger.

         
A shareholder who does not demand payment or deposit his or her stock
certificates where required, in each case by the date set forth in the
dissenters' notice, is not entitled to payment for his or her shares of Private
Business common stock.

         
Payment.
As soon as the merger is effective, or upon receipt of a
payment demand, whichever is later, Private Business must pay each dissenting
Private Business shareholder who has complied with his or her obligations under
Section 48-23-204 of the Tennessee Act, the amount Private Business estimates to
be the fair value of the Private Business shareholder's shares of Private
Business common stock, plus accrued interest.
This payment must be accompanied
by the following:

         -        Private Business's balance sheet as of December 31, 2000, an
                  income statement for that year, a statement of changes in
                  shareholders' equity for that year and the latest available
                  interim financial statements, if any;

         -        a statement of Private Business's estimate of the fair value
                  of the shares of Private Business common stock;

         -        an explanation of how the interest was calculated;

         -        a statement of the dissenting shareholder's right to demand
                  payment under Section 48-23-209 of the Tennessee Act; and

         -        a copy of Title 48, Chapter 23 of the Tennessee Act, unless
                  previously provided.

         
After Acquired Shares.
Private Business may elect to withhold an offer
of payment from a dissenter who was not the beneficial owner of the shares of
Private Business common stock before the date set forth in the dissenters'
notice as the date of the first announcement to news media or to Private
Business shareholders of the principal terms of the merger.
To the extent
Private Business does elect to withhold payment under those

circumstances, Private Business must estimate, after consummation of the merger,
the fair value of the shares of Private Business common stock, plus accrued
interest, and pay this amount to each dissenting Private Business shareholder
who agrees to accept it in full satisfaction of the shareholder's demand.

Private Business must send with its offer:

         -        a statement of Private Business's estimate of the fair value
                  of the shares of Private Business common stock;

         -        an explanation of how the interest was calculated; and

         -        a statement of the dissenting Private Business shareholder's
                  right to demand payment pursuant to Section 48-23-209 of the
                  Tennessee Act.

         
Fair Value.
A dissenting shareholder may notify Private Business in
writing of the shareholder's own estimate of the fair value of his or her shares
of Private Business common stock and the amount of interest due.
The dissenting
Private Business shareholder may demand payment of the estimate, less any
payments previously made, or reject Private Business's offer and demand payment
of the fair value of the shares and interest due, if:

         -        the dissenting shareholder believes that the amount offered to
                  be paid by Private Business is less than the fair value of the
                  shares or that the interest due is incorrectly calculated;

         -        Private Business fails to make an offer of payment within two
                  months after the date set for demanding payment; or

         -        Private Business, having failed to complete the merger, does
                  not return the deposited certificates, or release the transfer
                  restrictions imposed on uncertificated shares of Private
                  Business common stock, within two months after the date set
                  for demanding payment.

         
However, a dissenting shareholder waives the right to demand the
payment unless the shareholder notifies Private Business of the demand in
writing within one month after Private Business made or offered payment for the
shareholder's shares of Private Business common stock.

         
If a demand for payment under Section 48-23-209 of the Tennessee Act
remains unsettled, Private Business must commence a proceeding within two months
after receiving the payment demand and petition the court to determine the fair
value of the shares of Private Business common stock and accrued interest.
If
Private Business does not commence this proceeding within this two month period,
it must pay each dissenting Private Business shareholder whose demand remains
unsettled the amount demanded.

         
Private Business must commence any proceeding relating to Private
Business common stock in the chancery court of Williamson County, Tennessee.

Private Business must make all dissenting shareholders whose demands remain
unsettled parties to the proceeding, and all parties must be served with a copy
of the petition.
The court may appoint one or more persons as appraisers to
receive evidence and recommend a decision on the question of fair value.
The
appraisers will have the powers described in the order appointing them, or in
any amendment to it.
Dissenting shareholders are entitled to the same discovery
rights as parties to other civil proceedings.

         
Each dissenting Private Business shareholder made a party to the
proceeding is entitled to judgment:

         -        for the amount, if any, by which the court finds the fair
                  value of the shareholder's shares of Private Business common
                  stock, plus accrued interest, to exceed the amount paid by
                  Private Business; or,

         -        the fair value, plus accrued interest, of any after-acquired
                  shares for which payment was withheld.

         
Costs.
The court in an appraisal proceeding must determine all costs of
the proceeding, including reasonable compensation and expenses of appraisers
appointed by the court.
The court must assess these costs against Private
Business, except that the court may assess costs against all or some of the
dissenting shareholders, in amounts the court finds equitable, to the extent the
court finds the dissenting shareholders acted arbitrarily, vexatiously or not in
good faith in demanding payment.

         
The court may also assess the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel
and experts for the respective parties, in amounts the court finds equitable, as
follows:

         -        against Private Business and in favor of any and all
                  dissenting shareholders if the court finds that Private
                  Business did not substantially comply with the requirements of
                  Sections 48-23-201 through 48-23-209 of the Tennessee Act, or

         -        against either Private Business or a dissenting shareholder,
                  in favor of any other party, if the court finds that the party
                  against whom the fees and expenses are assessed acted
                  arbitrarily, vexatiously or not in good faith with respect to
                  the rights provided by Title 48, Chapter 23 of the Tennessee
                  Act.

         
If the court finds that the services of counsel for any dissenting
shareholder were of substantial benefit to other dissenting shareholders
similarly situated, and that the fees for those services should not be assessed
against Private Business, the court may award to those counsel reasonable fees
to be paid out of the amounts awarded to the dissenting shareholders who were
benefited.

         
Non-Consummation of Merger.
If Private Business does not take the
proposed corporate action within two months after the date set for demanding
payment of such dissenting shareholder's shares of Private Business common stock
and depositing certificates representing those shares, Private Business must
return the deposited certificates or release the transfer restrictions imposed
on such shares of Private Business common stock.
If Private Business, after
releasing the transfer restrictions imposed upon the shareholder's shares of
Private Business common stock, takes the proposed corporate action, a new
dissenters' notice must be delivered to the shareholder and the payment demand
procedure discussed above must be repeated.

         
Towne Shareholders Dissenters' Rights

         If the merger is consummated, Towne shareholders who dissent will be
entitled, upon compliance with Article 13 of the Georgia Business Corporation
Code, to receive the value of their shares in cash.
The procedures relating to
the exercise of dissenters' rights under the Georgia Code are summarized below.

The provisions for exercising dissenters' rights are complex and must be
complied with precisely.
Accordingly, any Towne shareholder intending to dissent
from the proposed merger should carefully review Article 13 of the Georgia Code,
which is attached to this document as Annex F2, and should consult legal
counsel.

         
Eligibility.
Any Towne shareholder entitled to vote on the merger has
the right to dissent from the merger and receive payment from Towne of the fair
value of his or her shares of Towne common stock upon compliance with Article 13
of the Georgia Business Corporation Code.
A shareholder may not dissent as to
less than all of the shares that he or she beneficially owns, regardless of the
number of accounts maintained for the benefit of the shareholder.
In addition, a
nominee or fiduciary may not dissent on behalf of any beneficial owner as to
less than all of the shares of the beneficial owner that the nominee or
fiduciary holds of record.

         
Any Towne shareholder intending to assert dissenters' rights may not
vote in favor of the merger and must file a written notice with Towne of the
shareholder's intent to demand payment for his or her shares of Towne common
stock.
Objection notices should be forwarded to the following address: Towne
Services, Inc., 3950 Johns Creek Court, Suite 100, Suwanee, Georgia 30024.
The
objection notice must state that the shareholder intends to demand payment for
his or her shares of Towne common stock if the merger is consummated.
A vote
against approval of the merger will not, in and of itself, constitute an
objection notice satisfying the requirements of Article 13 of the Georgia Code.

         
Dissenters' Notice.
If the merger is approved, Towne must deliver a
dissenters' notice to each Towne shareholder who has properly filed an objection
notice.
Towne must deliver the dissenters' notice within 10 days after the
shareholders authorize the merger.
This notice will: (a) state where dissenting
shareholders must send the payment demand and deposit their Towne common stock
certificates; (b) set a date by which (x) Towne must receive the payment demand,
which may not be fewer than 30 or more than 60 days after the date the
dissenters' notice is delivered and (y) the certificates must be deposited as
instructed in the dissenters' notice; and (c) be accompanied by a copy of
Article 13 of the Georgia Code.

         
Duty to Demand Payment.
Within the time prescribed in the dissenters'
notice, a Towne shareholder electing to dissent must make a demand for payment,
certify whether he or she - or the beneficial shareholder on whose behalf he or
she is asserting dissenters' rights - acquired beneficial ownership of the
shares of the Towne common stock before the date required to be set forth in the
dissenters' notice, and deposit his or her certificates in accordance with the
terms of the dissenter's notice.
Upon filing the payment demand and depositing
the certificates, the Towne shareholder will retain all other rights of a
shareholder until these rights are canceled or modified by the consummation of
the merger.
Failure to comply substantially with these procedures will cause the
Towne shareholder to lose his or her dissenters' rights to payment for the
shares.

         
Offer of Payment.
Within 10 days of the later of the date the merger is
consummated or of receipt of a payment demand, Towne must offer to pay to each
Towne dissenting shareholder who has substantially complied with the
requirements of Article 13 of the Georgia Code the amount that Towne estimates
to be the fair value of the shares of the Towne common stock, plus accrued
interest.
The offer of payment must be accompanied by:

         -        certain of Towne's financial statements;

         -        a statement of Towne's estimate of the fair value of the
                  shares and an explanation of how the estimate of the fair
                  value and the interest were calculated;

         -        notification of rights to demand additional payment; and

         -        a copy of Article 13 of the Georgia Code.

         
If the merger is not consummated within 60 days after the date set for
demanding payment and depositing certificates, Towne, within the 60-day period,
must return the deposited certificates.
If, after returning deposited
certificates and releasing transfer restrictions, the merger is consummated,
Towne must send a new dissenters' notice and repeat the payment demand
procedure.

         
Procedure if Dissatisfied with Payment or Offer.
If the Towne
dissenting shareholder believes that the amount offered by Towne is less than
the fair value of his or her shares or that the interest due is calculated
incorrectly, or if Towne fails to make payment or offer payment (or, if the
merger has not been consummated, Towne does not return the deposited
certificates, within 60 days after the date specified in the dissenters' notice,
then the Towne dissenting shareholder may within 30 days after (a) Towne offered
payment for the shares or failed to pay for the shares or (b)
Towne failed to
return deposited certificates timely, notify Towne in writing of his or her own
estimate of the fair market value of the shares, including interest due, and
demand payment of the estimate, less any payment previously received.
Failure to
notify Towne in writing of any demand for additional payment within 30 days
after Towne offered payment for the shares will constitute a waiver of the right
to demand payment.

         
If Towne and the Towne dissenting shareholder cannot agree on a fair
price within 60 days after Towne receives a demand for payment of the estimate,
Towne must institute judicial proceedings to fix the fair value of the shares
and the accrued interest.
Towne must make all dissenters whose demands for
payment remain unsettled parties to the proceeding and all of those parties must
be served with a copy of the petition.
The court may, in its discretion, appoint
an appraiser to receive evidence and recommend a decision on the question of
fair value.
The court is required to issue a judgment for the amount which the
court finds to be the fair value of the shares, plus interest.
If Towne does not
institute such proceeding within the 60-day period, Towne must pay each Towne
dissenting shareholder whose demand remains unsettled the respective amount
demanded by each shareholder.

         
The court will assess certain costs and expenses of such proceeding
(including reasonable compensation for, and the expenses of, the appraiser)
against Towne.
The court may assess, however, the costs and expenses as it deems
appropriate against any or all of the dissenting shareholders if it finds that
their demand for additional payment was arbitrary, vexatious or otherwise not in
good faith.
The court may award fees and expenses of counsel and experts in
amounts the court finds equitable (a) against Towne if the court finds that
Towne did not comply substantially with the relevant requirements of Article 13
of the Georgia Code or (b) against either Towne or any dissenting shareholder,
if the court finds that the party against whom the fees and expenses are
assessed acted arbitrarily, vexatiously, or not in good faith.

DELISTING AND DEREGISTRATION OF TOWNE COMMON STOCK

         If the merger is completed, the shares of Towne common stock will be
delisted from the Nasdaq National Market and will be deregistered under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
The shareholders of Towne will become
shareholders of Private Business and their rights as shareholders will be
governed by Private Business's charter and bylaws and by the laws of the State
of Tennessee.
See "Comparison of Shareholders' Rights.
"

FEDERAL SECURITIES LAW CONSEQUENCES

         All shares of Private Business common stock that Towne shareholders
will receive in the merger will be freely transferable, except for shares of
Private Business common stock that are received by persons who are deemed to be
"affiliates" of Towne under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, at the time
of the Towne annual meeting.
These affiliates may resell the shares of Private
Business common stock they receive in the merger only in transactions permitted
by Rule 145 under the Securities Act or as otherwise permitted under the
Securities Act.
Persons who may be deemed to be affiliates of Towne for the
above purposes generally include individuals or entities that control, are
controlled by or are under common control with Towne, and include directors and
certain executive officers of Towne.
The merger agreement requires that Towne
use its reasonable best efforts to cause each of these affiliates to deliver to
Private Business, within 30 days of the date of entering into the merger
agreement, and in any event before the effective time, a written agreement to
the effect that these persons will not sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of
any of the shares of Private Business common stock issued to them in the merger
in violation of the Securities Act or the related SEC rules.

         
This joint proxy statement/prospectus does not cover any resales of the
Private Business common stock received in the merger, and no person is
authorized to make any use of this joint proxy statement/prospectus in
connection with any such resales.


U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE MERGER

         
The following general discussion summarizes certain United States
federal income tax consequences of the merger.
This discussion is based on the
Internal Revenue Code, the related regulations promulgated under the Internal
Revenue Code, existing administrative interpretations and court decisions, all
of which are subject to change, possibly with retroactive effect.
This
discussion assumes that you hold your shares of common stock or preferred stock
as capital assets within the meaning of Section 1221 of the Internal Revenue
Code.
This discussion does not address all aspects of United States federal
income taxation that may be important to you in light of your particular
circumstances or your particular tax status, including the following:

         -        shareholders of Towne who are not citizens or residents of the
                  United States, or who are foreign corporations, partnerships,
                  estates or trusts;

         -        financial institutions;

         -        tax-exempt organizations;

         -        pension funds;

         -        insurance companies;

         -        dealers in securities;

         -        shareholders who acquired their shares through the exercise of
                  options or similar derivative securities or otherwise as
                  compensation;

         -        shareholders who hold their shares as part of a straddle or
                  conversion transaction; holders of warrants or options to
                  acquire stock; and

         -        any holder of Towne preferred stock that also owns Towne
                  common stock.

         
Certain Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger to Towne's
Shareholders, Towne, and Private Business

         Towne's and Private Business's obligations to complete the merger are
conditioned on the delivery of an opinion from Arthur Andersen LLP that the
merger should be treated as a reorganization for federal income tax purposes.
In
giving its opinion, Andersen will rely upon certain factual representations made
by Towne and Private Business.

         
Andersen has advised that, assuming the accuracy of the requested
factual representations, the merger should be treated as a reorganization for
federal income tax purposes with the consequences described below in "Tax
Implications to Towne Common Shareholders," "Tax Implications to Towne Preferred
Shareholder."
and "Recognition of Gain or Loss by Private Business and Towne."

The effect of the merger on the future utilization of Towne tax attributes, the
treatment of Private Business shareholders that exercise their dissenters'
rights with respect to the merger, and the tax consequences of the stock split
are beyond the scope of the opinion of Andersen.
See "Risk Factors - Private
Business may not be able to use the tax benefit from Towne's operating losses,"
"Certain Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger to Private Business
Shareholders," and "U.S. Federal Tax Consequences of the Stock Split.
"

         This opinion of Andersen will not bind the IRS and will not preclude
the IRS from adopting a position contrary to that expressed in the opinion, and
no assurance can be given that contrary positions will not be successfully
asserted by the IRS or adopted by a court if the issues are litigated.
Neither
Private Business nor Towne intends to obtain a ruling from the IRS with respect
to the tax consequences of the merger.

         
Tax Implications to Towne Common Shareholders.
Based on the conclusion
that the merger should be treated as a reorganization, the merger should result
in the following United States federal income tax consequences to the Towne
common shareholders, other than those special status shareholders described
above:

         -        
Except as discussed below with respect to the receipt of cash
                  for fractional shares, common shareholders of Towne should not
                  recognize gain or loss on the exchange of Towne common stock
                  solely for Private Business common shares in the merger.

         -        
The aggregate tax basis of the Private Business common shares
                  received as a result of the merger should be the same as the
                  aggregate tax basis in the Towne common shares surrendered in
                  the merger, reduced by the tax basis, if any, allocated to the
                  fractional Private Business common share interests deemed to
                  be received and redeemed for cash.

         -        The holding period of the Private Business common shares,
                  including any fractional share interest deemed received as a
                  result of the exchange should include the period during which
                  the Towne common stock exchanged in the merger was held.

         
-        Towne common shareholders generally should recognize gain or
                  loss with respect to the cash they receive instead of a
                  fractional share interest in Private Business common stock.
                  
This gain or loss should be measured by the difference between
                  the amount of cash they receive and the portion of the tax
                  basis of their shares of Towne common stock allocable to the
                  shares of Towne common stock exchanged for the fractional
                  share interest.
This gain or loss should be capital gain or
                  loss and should be a long-term capital gain or loss if the
                  shares of Towne common stock have been held for more than one
                  year at the time the merger is completed.

         -        A dissenting Towne common shareholder who receives cash for
                  the fair value of shares generally should be treated as having
                  received the payment in redemption of shares and should
                  recognize capital gain or loss equal to the difference between
                  the amount of cash received and such shareholder's basis in
                  the shares (except in respect of any amount constituting
                  interest, which should be treated as ordinary income).
A
                  redemption of that type would be subject to the conditions and
                  limitations of Section 302 of the Internal Revenue Code.
If
                  the dissenting shareholder constructively owns, under the
                  provisions of Section 318 of the Code, any shares of Towne
                  after the effective date of the merger, the payment made to
                  the dissenting shareholder could be treated as a dividend and
                  recognized as ordinary income.
In general, under Section 318
                  of the Code, a shareholder may be considered to own stock that
                  is owned, and in some cases

                  constructively owned, by certain related individuals or
                  entities, as well as stock that the shareholder, or related
                  individuals or entities, has the right to acquire by
                  exercising an option or converting a convertible security.
                  
Each shareholder who contemplates exercising dissenters'
                  rights should consult his or her own tax advisor as to the
                  taxation of any gain or loss and the possibility that any
                  payment to the shareholder will be treated as a dividend.

         
Tax Implications to Towne Preferred Shareholder.
Whether the exchange
of Towne preferred stock for Private Business preferred stock should be taxable
for United States federal income tax purposes depends on whether such stock
constitutes nonqualified preferred stock.
In general, the exchange should be
taxable if (a) the Towne preferred stock is not "nonqualified preferred stock"
and (b) the Private Business preferred stock is "nonqualified preferred stock.
"
For purposes of this discussion, the term "nonqualified preferred stock" is
defined in section 351(g) of the Internal Revenue Code.
Preferred stock with
terms similar to the terms of the Towne preferred stock or the Private Business
preferred stock generally is nonqualified preferred stock if, as of its
issuance, (a) the stock does not participate in corporate growth to a
signficiant extent (including through its conversion feature) and (b) it is more
likely than not that the stock will be redeemed within 20 years of issuance.

Because this determination is a factual one, Andersen expresses no opinion as to
whether the Towne or Private Business preferred stock is nonqualified preferred
stock and thus whether the exchange is taxable or tax-free.

         
If the exchange of Towne preferred stock for Private Business preferred
stock is taxable, the Towne preferred stockholder should recognize gain or loss,
measured by the difference between the fair market value of Private Business
preferred shares received and the tax basis of the Towne preferred shares
exchanged for them.

         
If the exchange of Towne preferred stock for Private Business preferred
stock is tax-free:

         -        Except as discussed below with respect to the receipt of cash
                  for fractional shares, the Towne preferred shareholder should
                  not recognize gain or loss on the exchange of Towne preferred
                  stock solely for Private Business preferred shares in the
                  merger.

         -        
The aggregate tax basis of the Private Business preferred
                  shares received as a result of the merger should be the same
                  as the aggregate tax basis in the Towne preferred shares
                  surrendered in the merger, reduced by the tax basis, if any,
                  allocated to the fractional Private Business preferred share
                  interests deemed to be received and redeemed for cash.

         -        The Towne preferred shareholder generally should recognize
                  gain or loss with respect to the cash received instead of a
                  fractional share interest in Private Business preferred stock.
                  
This gain or loss should be measured by the difference between
                  the amount of cash received and the portion of the tax basis
                  of the shares of Towne preferred stock allocable to the shares
                  of Towne preferred stock exchanged for the fractional share
                  interest.

         
The Towne preferred shareholder should consult its own tax advisor as
to whether the Towne preferred stock or the Private Business preferred stock
constitutes nonqualified preferred stock and thus whether the exchange is
taxable or tax-free.
The Towne preferred shareholder also should consult its tax
advisor as to the character of any gain or loss recognized pursuant to the
exchange, the potential treatment of any Private Business preferred stock
received as Section 306 stock under the Code, or its receipt of any payment from
Towne in connection with the merger.

         
Recognition of Gain or Loss by Private Business and Towne.
Private
Business, including its merger subsidiary, and Towne should not recognize gain
or loss for United States federal income tax purposes as a result of the merger.


CERTAIN FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE MERGER TO DISSENTING PRIVATE
BUSINESS SHAREHOLDERS.

         
A dissenting shareholder who receives cash for the fair value of shares
may be treated as having received the payment in redemption of shares and
recognize capital gain or loss equal to the difference between the amount of
cash received and such shareholder's basis in the shares (except in respect of
any amount constituting interest, which

should be treated as ordinary income).
A redemption of that type would be
subject to the conditions and limitations of Section 302 of the Code.
If the
dissenting shareholder owns, either actually or constructively under the
provisions of Section 318 of the Code, any Private Business shares after the
effective date of the merger, the payment made to the dissenting shareholder
could be treated as a dividend and recognized as ordinary income.
In general,
under Section 318 of the Code, a shareholder may be considered to own stock that
is owned, and in some cases constructively owned, by certain related individuals
or entities, as well as stock that the shareholder, or related individuals or
entities, has the right to acquire by exercising an option or converting a
convertible security.
Each shareholder who contemplates exercising dissenters'
rights should consult his or her own tax advisor as to the taxation of any gain
or loss and the possibility that any payment to the shareholder will be treated
as a dividend.

         
This discussion is intended only to provide you with a general summary,
and it is not intended to be a complete analysis or description of all potential
United States federal income tax consequences or any other consequences of the
merger.
In addition, this discussion does not address tax consequences which may
vary with, or are contingent on, your individual circumstances.
Moreover, this
discussion does not address any non-income tax, state or local tax consequences
of the merger.
Accordingly, we strongly urge you to consult with your tax
advisor to determine the particular United States federal, state, local or
foreign income or other tax consequences to you of the merger.


U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE STOCK SPLIT

         The reverse stock split should not be taxable to shareholders of
Private Business, except for any cash received in lieu of a fractional share of
post-reverse split common stock.
Consequently, the holding period of shares of
post-reverse split common stock, including any fractional share interest, should
include your holding period for the shares of common stock exchanged, if you
held those shares as a capital asset at the effectiveness of the charter
amendment.
In addition, your aggregate basis of the shares of post-reverse split
common stock, including any fractional share interest, should be the same as
your aggregate basis of the shares of common stock exchanged.
Cash that you
receive in lieu of a fractional share should be treated as if the fractional
share had been issued to you and then redeemed by Private Business for the cash.

Accordingly, if you receive cash you should recognize taxable gain or loss equal
to any difference between the amount of cash received and your basis in the
fractional share.
That basis should be an allocable portion of the aggregate
basis of the post-reverse split common stock described above.

         
A dissenting shareholder who receives cash for the fair value of shares
may be treated as having received the payment in redemption of shares and
recognize capital gain or loss equal to the difference between the amount of
cash received and such shareholder's basis in the shares except in respect of
any amount constituting interest, which should be treated as ordinary income.
A
redemption of that type would be subject to the conditions and limitations of
Section 302 of the Code.
If the dissenting shareholder owns, either actually or
constructively under the provisions of Section 318 of the Code, any Private
Business shares after the effective date of the merger, the payment made to the
dissenting shareholder could be treated as a dividend and recognized as ordinary
income.
In general, under Section 318 of the Code, a shareholder may be
considered to own stock that is owned, and in some cases constructively owned,
by certain related individuals or entities, as well as stock that the
shareholder, or related individuals or entities, has the right to acquire by
exercising an option or converting a convertible security.
Each shareholder who
contemplates exercising dissenters' rights should consult his or her own tax
advisor as to the taxation of any gain or loss and the possibility that any
payment to the shareholder will be treated as a dividend.

                   
THE MERGER AGREEMENT AND RELATED AGREEMENTS

         
The following is a summary of the material terms of the merger
agreement, a copy of which is attached as Annex A to this document and is
incorporated in this document by reference.
This summary is qualified in its
entirety by reference to the merger agreement.
You should carefully read the
merger agreement in its entirety because it, and not this document, is the legal
document that governs the merger.
A vote in favor of the merger will constitute
your approval of the specific transactions contemplated in the merger agreement.


THE MERGER

         At the effective time of the merger, Towne Acquisition Corporation, a
newly-formed, wholly-owned subsidiary of Private Business, will merge with and
into Towne Services, Inc.
Towne will be the surviving corporation in the merger
and will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of Private Business.
The directors and
officers of Towne Acquisition Corporation immediately before the effective time
of the merger will become the initial directors and officers of the surviving
corporation.
At the effective time, Henry Baroco, president, chief operating
officer and a director of Towne, will become the chief operating officer of
Private Business, and the following persons will be the nine directors of
Private Business, with the applicable company before the merger, class, and term
noted:

  NAME                                                COMPANY BEFORE MERGER          CLASS    TERM EXPIRES
  ----                                                
---------------------          -----    ------------

  Thomas L. Black                                     Private Business                  
I          2003
  Fred C. Goad                                        Private Business                  I          2003
  Glenn W. Sturm                                      Towne                             
I          2003
  Richardson M. Roberts                               Towne                            II          2004
  Brian J. Conway                                     Private Business                 II          2004
  William B. King                                     Private Business                 II          2004
  Frank W. Brown                                      Towne                           III          2002
  [                ]                                  Private Business                III          2002
  Bruce R. Evans                                      Private Business                III          2002

         The closing date of the merger will occur as soon as practical after
all conditions to the merger, other than those conditions that by their nature
are to be satisfied at the closing, have been satisfied or waived, unless we
agree on another time.
As early as practicable on the closing date of the
merger, we will file a certificate of merger with the Secretaries of State of
Tennessee and Georgia.
The effective time of the merger will be the time we file
the certificates of merger.
We currently anticipate that we will complete the
merger shortly after the Private Business and Towne annual meetings, assuming
our respective shareholders approve at these meetings the merger and other
matters contemplated in the merger agreement, and all other conditions to the
merger have been satisfied or waived.
Approval by Private Business's
shareholders of the one-for-three reverse split of its common shares is a
prerequisite to approval of the merger by Private Business, and we will file the
certificate of amendment to the Private Business charter to effect the stock
split immediately before we file the certificates of merger.


MERGER CONSIDERATION

         Exchange Ratio

         As of the effective time of the merger, each issued and outstanding
share of Towne common stock will be converted into the right to receive the
number of shares of Private Business common stock based on an exchange ratio
determined as follows: (a) the number of shares of Private Business common stock
outstanding immediately before the closing date of the merger adjusted for the
one-for-three reverse split divided by .6667, (b) multiplied by .3333, and (c)
divided by the fully diluted Towne common shares.
Shares of Towne common stock
held as treasury stock will be cancelled and retired, and no Private Business
shares will be issued for them in the merger.
The fully diluted Towne common
shares will equal the sum of the number of outstanding shares of Towne common
stock (which does not include any common stock held in treasury by Towne), plus
the number of shares of Towne common stock obtainable upon exercise of any Towne
warrants outstanding after the effective date of the merger,

plus 44,053, the number of shares of Towne common stock into which the Towne
Series B preferred stock is convertible.
As of April 12, 2001, the approximate
exchange ratio was .9072 assuming that:

         -        the one-for-three reverse split for Private Business's common
                  stock is approved in the merger;

         -        as of the closing date of the merger, Towne has no remaining
                  warrants outstanding to purchase shares of its common stock;
                  and

         -        the amounts of Towne's and Private Business's outstanding
                  common stock do not change from the amounts stated in the
                  merger agreement.


Additionally, the outstanding shares of Towne Series B preferred stock will be
converted into the right to receive shares of a newly created Private Business
Series B preferred stock.
The Towne Series B preferred stock is presently
convertible into 44,053 shares of Towne common stock, and the number of shares
of Private Business Series B preferred stock will be determined by multiplying
44,053 by the final exchange ratio so that after the merger, each share of
Private Business Series B preferred stock will be convertible into one share of
Private Business common stock.

         
If, between the date of the merger agreement and the closing date of
the merger, the outstanding shares of Towne common stock or Private Business
common stock are changed into a different number or class of shares by reason of
any stock split, division or subdivision of shares, stock dividend, reverse
stock split, reclassification, recapitalization or other similar transaction,
then the exchange ratio will be appropriately adjusted to reflect the economic
effects intended by the merger agreement.

         
Fractional Shares

         Certificates for fractional shares of Private Business common stock
will not be issued in the merger.
Towne shareholders who would otherwise receive
fractional shares will instead be entitled to receive a cash payment equal to
the value of these fractional share interests as determined by multiplying the
fractional part of a share of Private Business common stock by the closing share
price of Private Business common stock on the first day immediately preceding
the effective time of the merger, multiplied by three to take the reverse split
into account.


EXCHANGE PROCEDURES

         As soon as reasonably practicable after the effective time of the
merger, an exchange agent will mail a letter of transmittal to each holder of
record of Towne common stock certificates along with instructions for effecting
the surrender of Towne common stock certificates in exchange for certificates
representing shares of Private Business common stock, plus cash in lieu of
fractional shares as provided above.
This letter of transmittal must be used in
surrendering those stock certificates to the exchange agent for cancellation.

Upon surrender of a Towne common stock certificate for cancellation, together
with a duly executed letter of transmittal, the holder of the stock certificate
will be entitled to receive in exchange (a) a Private Business certificate
representing the number of whole shares of Private Business common stock that
the holder has the right to receive, and (b) a check representing the amount of
cash payable in lieu of any fractional shares of Private Business common stock,
if any.
TOWNE SHAREHOLDERS SHOULD NOT SEND IN THEIR STOCK CERTIFICATES UNTIL
THEY RECEIVE THE LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL.

         
After the effective time of the merger, each Towne stock certificate,
until surrendered and exchanged, will represent only the right to receive a
certificate representing shares of Private Business common stock and cash in
lieu of fractional shares, if any.
No interest will be paid or will accrue on
any cash payable to holders of Towne stock certificates.
Holders of Towne stock
certificates will not be entitled to receive any dividends or other
distributions with respect to shares of Private Business common stock declared
or made by Private Business having a record date after the effective time of the
merger until the stock certificates are surrendered.
Subject to applicable law,
following surrender of the Towne stock certificates, such dividends and
distributions, if any, will be paid without interest.

         
Each holder of Towne common stock may surrender that holder's Towne
stock certificate in exchange for a Private Business stock certificate until
nine months from the effective time.
Following this nine month period and

subject to applicable law, all remaining shares or funds which have not been
submitted for exchange in the manner described above shall be returned to
Private Business free and clear of any claim or interest of any former Towne
shareholder.

DISSENTERS' RIGHTS

         
The merger agreement describes Towne's shareholders' rights to dissent
from, and obtain payment for, the fair value of their shares.
Dissenters' rights
will permit the Towne shareholders to demand the cash fair value of their
shares, instead of receiving Private Business shares and cash for fractional
shares, following approval of the merger by the shareholders of both companies.

These procedures are described in detail under "Proposal One for Both Companies
- - The Merger - Dissenters' Rights.
"

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

         The merger agreement contains customary and substantially reciprocal
representations and warranties made by each of us to the other.
These
representations and warranties relate to, among other things:

         -        corporate organization, qualification and good standing, and
                  ownership of subsidiaries;

         -        capitalization;

         -        corporate power and authority to enter into the merger
                  agreement, and due execution, delivery and enforceability of
                  the merger agreement;

         -        absence of a breach or violation of charter documents, bylaws,
                  material agreements, orders, decrees, permits or laws as a
                  result of the merger;

         -        authorizations, consents, approvals and filings required to
                  enter into the merger agreement or to complete the
                  transactions contemplated by the merger agreement;

         -        timely and accurate filings with the SEC in compliance with
                  applicable rules and regulations;

         -        material contracts;

         -        undisclosed liabilities;

         -        absence of certain adverse changes or events;

         -        litigation;

         -        tax matters and actions that would prevent the merger from
                  receiving certain tax treatment under the Internal Revenue
                  Code;

         -        title to property;

         -        intellectual property;

         -        compliance with applicable laws and possession of required
                  permits;

         -        absence of undisclosed investigations, material litigation and
                  material judgments or injunctions;

         -        environmental matters;

         -        employee benefits and ERISA compliance;

         -        labor and employee matters;

         -        insurance;

         -        brokers involved with the merger;

         -        fairness opinions of financial advisors;

         -        absence of any knowledge of a breach of the merger agreement;

         -        state takeover laws (only as to Towne);

         -        absence of any shareholder rights plan;

         -        affiliate agreements;

         -        board approval of the merger; and

         -        required vote of shareholders to approve the merger and the
                  amendment to Private Business's charter in connection with the
                  merger.

         
The merger agreement also contains representations and warranties
relating to Towne Acquisition Corporation, including: corporate organization,
qualification and good standing; corporate power and authority to enter into the
merger agreement; due execution, delivery and enforceability of the merger
agreement; and non-contravention of other agreements.

         
The representations and warranties contained in the merger agreement
will not survive the merger, but they form the basis of certain conditions to
our obligations to complete the merger.
Only certain agreements set forth in the
merger agreement will survive the effective time of the merger.

COVENANTS AND AGREEMENTS

         
We have each undertaken several covenants and agreements in the merger
agreement.
The following summarizes the more significant of these covenants and
agreements.

         
Operations of the Companies Pending Closing.
We have each undertaken a
separate covenant that places restrictions on ourselves and our respective
subsidiaries until the earlier of the effective time of the merger or the
termination of the merger agreement.
In general, we and our respective
subsidiaries are required to carry on our operations in the usual, regular and
ordinary course of business in substantially the same manner as previously
conducted and, to the extent consistent with such business, to use good faith
efforts consistent with past practices and policies to preserve intact our
present business.

         
We have each also agreed to limitations, prohibitions and other
provisions relating to the conduct of our respective businesses during the
period from the date of the merger agreement to the earlier of the effective
time of the merger or the termination of merger agreement with respect to:

         -        issuing or redeeming, or entering into any agreements to issue
                  or redeem, any securities, rights, warrants or options, other
                  than options granted to employees in the ordinary course of
                  business;

         -        declaring or paying any dividends on or distributions in
                  respect of our respective capital stock;

         -        effecting any splits, other than the one-for-three reverse
                  split of Private Business's common stock contemplated by the
                  merger agreement, combinations or reclassifications of our
                  capital stock or the issuance or authorization of issuance of
                  any other securities in respect of, in lieu of or in
                  substitution for shares of our capital stock, except for
                  purchases of unvested shares in connection with any
                  termination of service from former employees, directors and
                  consultants in accordance with existing agreements;

         -        adopting a plan of complete or partial liquidation,
                  dissolution, reorganization, merger or other reorganization,
                  except as contemplated by the merger agreement;

         -        incurring any additional indebtedness other than trade
                  payables financing in the ordinary course of business,
                  pursuant to existing credit facilities in the ordinary course
                  of business, or through a restructuring of Private Business's
                  credit arrangement with Fleet Bank;

         -        acquiring or agreeing to acquire by merging or consolidating
                  with, or by purchasing a substantial equity interest in or
                  substantial portion of the assets of, or by any other manner,
                  any business or any corporation, partnership or other business
                  organization or division, or any assets that are material to
                  either Towne or Private Business;

         -        encumbering or disposing of any properties or assets, except
                  in the ordinary course of business or in connection with
                  restructuring the Fleet Bank credit arrangement;

         -        entering into any material contracts, except in the ordinary
                  course of business, or modifying or terminating any material
                  contracts or waiving or relinquishing any right thereunder
                  other than the respective employment agreements for the
                  parties' chief executive officers;

         -        adopting or amending any stock option, bonus, pension,
                  retirement or other employee benefit plan or other arrangement
                  for the benefit of any employee, director, former employee, or
                  former director, increasing any officer's compensation, or
                  except as provided for in an existing benefit plan, increasing
                  any employee's or former employee's compensation or fringe
                  benefits;

         -        changing in any method of accounting or accounting practice
                  with respect to us or our respective subsidiaries, except for
                  any changes required by generally accepted accounting
                  principles;

         -        waiving, releasing, assigning, or settling any claims or
                  pending or threatened litigation matters, except in the
                  ordinary course of business, and from settling any material
                  litigation under any circumstances;

         -        making any material tax elections or settlements or
                  compromises of any material tax liability;

         -        modifying or cancelling existing insurance policies;

         -        handling and settling any dissenters' rights matters, except
                  with the consent of the other party;

         -        making any capital expenditures in excess of $50,000 for
                  capital expenditures made to acquire physical assets outside
                  of the ordinary course of business and $30,000 to obtain the
                  cancellation of outstanding warrants; and

         -        acting to jeopardize the qualification of the merger as a
                  tax-free reorganization.

         
Towne has also agreed to cause all Towne affiliate parties to enter
into restrictive agreements for purposes of complying with Rule 145 of the
Securities Act of 1933.

         
SEC and Nasdaq Filings.
We have each agreed as promptly as practicable
to:

         -        take, or cause to be taken, all appropriate action, and do, or
                  cause to be done, all things necessary and proper under
                  applicable law to consummate and to use our commercially
                  reasonable efforts to make effective the transactions
                  contemplated by the merger agreement as promptly as
                  practicable, including filing this joint proxy statement and a
                  registration statement with the SEC;

         -        include in this joint proxy statement recommendations of the
                  respective boards to the shareholders to approve of and adopt
                  the merger, and to approve other actions in accordance with
                  the merger agreement;

         -        file any amendments to this joint proxy statement or
                  registration statement only following receipt of the other
                  party's consent, and to promptly notify the other party when
                  the registration statement becomes effective or to notify the
                  other party in the event any supplement or amendment has been
                  filed, any stop order has been issued, the suspension of the
                  stock issuable in connection with the merger or any request is
                  made by the SEC for additional information; and

         -        file a listing application as required by the Nasdaq SmallCap
                  Market covering the shares of Private Business stock issuable
                  in the merger, and to use commercially reasonable efforts,
                  before the effective date of the merger, to obtain approval
                  for the listing.

         
Shareholders Meetings.
We have each agreed to call a meeting of our
respective shareholders to be held as promptly as practicable.
At the meeting of
Towne's shareholders, Towne will submit the merger agreement and the merger for
approval.
At the meeting of Private Business's shareholders, Private Business
will submit the following matters to its shareholders for approval:

         -        the merger agreement and the merger, including the issuance of
                  its shares of common stock in connection with the merger; and

         -        an amendment to its charter to effect a reverse split of its
                  outstanding common stock on a one-for-three basis.

         
Each of us shall use our commercially reasonable efforts to solicit
proxies in favor of the matters described above, and any other matters required
by applicable law and the Nasdaq SmallCap Market, to be voted upon by our
respective shareholders and obtain a sufficient vote in favor of such matters at
our respective shareholders meetings.

         
Access to Information.
We have each agreed to afford one another and
one another's representatives reasonable access for purposes reasonably related
to the merger agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated by
the merger agreement, during normal business hours, to all of our, and our
respective subsidiaries', properties, books, contracts, commitments and records.

Each inspecting party must agree to be bound by the terms of the existing
confidentiality agreement between us, or otherwise agree to treat any
information provided as confidential.
We have also agreed to furnish, or cause
our respective subsidiaries to furnish, promptly to the other a copy of each
document filed or received before the effective time of the merger pursuant to
federal securities laws, and all other information concerning each other's
businesses, properties and personnel as the other party may reasonably request
for purposes reasonably related to the merger agreement and the consummation of
the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement.

         
Reasonable Efforts; Notification.
We have agreed to use commercially
reasonable efforts to take all actions necessary and to assist and cooperate
with each other in connection with all things necessary, proper, or advisable to
consummate the merger and other transactions contemplated by the merger
agreement.
Accordingly, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to:

         -        obtain all necessary government consents, waivers, approvals
                  and making all required filings necessary to complete the
                  merger;

         -        obtain the necessary consents, approvals or waivers from third
                  parties;

         -        contest and defend any lawsuit or other proceeding, including
                  any administrative or judicial action, whether temporary,
                  preliminary or permanent, that restricts, prevents or
                  prohibits the consummation of the merger or the transaction
                  contemplated by the merger agreement; and

         -        execute and deliver any additional instruments necessary to
                  consummate the transactions contemplated by the merger
                  agreement.

         
Our boards shall also take all action to ensure that no state takeover
statute or regulation is or becomes applicable to the merger, and if a state
takeover statute or regulations does become applicable, to take all action
reasonable necessary to ensure the merger is consummated as promptly as
practicable and with minimal effect.

         
We have also agreed to give prompt notice to the other party if any of
our representations or warranties in the merger agreement becomes untrue or
inaccurate in any material respect, or if we fail to comply with or satisfy any
covenant or agreement in any material respect.
Any notification under these
circumstances will not affect the obligations of the parties under the merger
agreement.

         
Fees and Expenses.
We each agreed to bear our own expenses in
connection with the merger, except that we will each be responsible for 50% of
the registration fee and related printing costs incurred to file and print this
joint proxy and registration statement.

         
Public Announcements.
We each agreed that we will not issue any press
release or make any public statement with respect to the merger or the merger
agreement before consulting with and obtaining the approval of the other party.

If either of us determines that an applicable law or stock exchange rule
requires us to make a disclosure or press release, the affected party must try
to consult with the other party before making the disclosure, and must provide
the other party a copy of the disclosure as promptly as practicable.

         
Obligation to Defend.
We have agreed to cooperate and use commercially
reasonable efforts to defend against any action, suit, or other proceeding by
any governmental authority or other legal or administrative proceeding that
questions the validity or legality of the transactions contemplated by the
merger agreement.

         
Private Business Board of Directors.
At the effective time, Private
Business will fill three vacancies on its board of directors with the following
three current Towne board members: Frank W. Brown (Class II), Richardson M.
Roberts (Class I), and Glenn W. Sturm (Class III).

         
Employee Benefit Matters.
Following the merger, Private Business will
treat Towne's continuing employees' service for Towne as service with Private
Business, except that Private Business will not treat them in this manner in
determining the level of benefits or accrued benefits under any defined benefit
pension plan that Private Business or the surviving corporation may adopt.

         
Potential Debt Restructure.
As soon as practical after the effective
time, Private Business shall appoint a special board committee comprised of
directors Brown, Evans and Conway to consider restructuring Private Business's
debt obligations with Fleet Bank and others to achieve acceptable loan
parameters.

         
Indemnification and Insurance.
Private Business has agreed that, from
and after the effective time it will, and it will cause the surviving
corporation to, indemnify and hold harmless each present and former director and
officer of Towne and Private Business against any costs or expenses, judgments,
fines, losses, claims, damages, liabilities or amounts paid in settlement
incurred in connection with any claim, action, suit, proceeding or investigation
arising out of or pertaining to any action or omission in that person's capacity
as a director or officer of Towne occurring at or before the effective time of
the merger, whether asserted or claimed before, at or after the effective time
of the merger, to the fullest extent that Towne would have been permitted under
Georgia law and its articles of incorporation or bylaws in effect on the date of
the merger agreement.
Private Business must also advance expenses to the
indemnified directors and officers to the fullest extent permitted under
applicable law, provided that the indemnified party agrees to repay the advances
if it is determined that the indemnified party is not entitled to
indemnification.
Private Business will not be liable for any settlement entered
into without its prior written consent.

         
Private Business has also agreed to cause the surviving corporation to
purchase at the effective time a six-year run-off insurance endorsement to
Towne's current directors' and officers' liability policy, with coverage in
amount and scope at least as favorable as Towne's current coverage, provided
that Private Business's cost for this endorsement must not exceed $400,000.

Private Business has also agreed that it will not, and it will not cause the
surviving corporation to, bring any separate action against any present or
former director or officer of Towne, Towne Acquisition Corporation, or Private
Business, if the action would deprive the director or officer against whom the
action is sought, the benefit of insurance coverage to which the director or
officer is otherwise entitled to under the directors and officers liability
policy, or any other policy available to the director or officer, unless the
action is approved by a majority of Private Business's board of directors.

         
Since the representations and warranties of Towne and Private Business
in the merger agreement do not survive closing, the merger agreement does not
contain any provision for contractual indemnification with respect to any
breaches of representations and warranties.

         
Stock Option Plans and Arrangements.
At the effective time, Private
Business will assume each outstanding option to purchase shares of Towne common
stock under Towne's equity incentive plans and non-plan arrangements, whether
vested or unvested, after giving effect to any applicable change in control or
similar type provisions that are triggered by the merger and do not create a
variable plan for accounting purposes.
Each assumed Towne option will be
converted into an option to acquire, on the same terms and conditions in effect
for the option immediately before the closing date of the merger, that number of
shares of Private Business common stock determined by multiplying the number of
shares of Towne common stock subject to that option immediately before the
closing date of the merger by the exchange ratio used in the merger and rounding
down to the next whole number of shares.
The exercise price per share of Private
Business common stock subject to each assumed option will be equal to the amount
determined by dividing the exercise price per share of Towne common stock in
effect for that option immediately before the closing date of the merger by the
final exchange ratio used in the merger and rounding down to the nearest whole
cent.
Except as otherwise provided for in the merger agreement, Towne will take
no actions to accelerate vesting of any option to purchase shares of Towne.

         
Private Business will assume all outstanding options held by current
Towne directors and advisory directors that were issued in connection with their
service as directors or advisory board members under modified terms that will
permit the options to be exercisable for the remainder of their scheduled terms,
notwithstanding any provisions in these stock option agreements that would have
caused the options to expire within a certain number of days following
termination of a director's or advisory director's service to Towne, or its
successor.

         
As soon as practicable after the closing, Private Business will issue
documentation to the Towne optionees evidencing the assumption of each option.

         
Towne Warrants.
Towne has agreed to use commercially reasonable efforts
before closing to obtain cancellation agreements, reasonably satisfactory to
Private Business, from the holders of warrants to purchase Towne common stock.

         
Form S-8.
Within 45 days after the effective time of the merger,
Private Business will file a registration statement on Form S-8 with the SEC to
register Private Business common stock issuable upon exercise of the assumed
Towne options (to the extent such shares are registrable on Form S-8 or its
successor) and will use its commercially reasonable best efforts to cause the
registration statement to remain effective, and to maintain the current status
of the prospectus or prospectuses contained therein, until the exercise or
expiration of the options.

         
Section 16 Exemption Approvals.
Before or as of the effective time of
the merger, the board of directors of Towne will take appropriate action to
approve the deemed cancellation of certain Towne securities held by Towne's
directors and officers and approve the disposition of these exempted securities
for purposes of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act; and the board of directors of
Private Business will take appropriate action to approve the conversion or
assumption of the same Towne securities held by Towne's directors and officers
and approve the acquisition of these exempted securities for purposes of Section
16(b) of the Exchange Act.

         
Creation and Issuance of Private Business Series B Preferred Stock.

Before closing, Private Business shall take all actions necessary to create the
Series B preferred stock with rights and preferences reasonably acceptable to
Private Business and the sole current holder of Towne Series B preferred stock;
and authorize the issuance of the Series B preferred stock in accordance with
the terms of the merger agreement.


CONDITIONS

         Mutual Conditions

         Our respective obligations to complete the merger are subject to the
satisfaction of the following conditions:

         -        the merger has been approved and adopted by both Towne's and
                  Private Business's shareholders and Private Business's
                  shareholders have approved the one-for-three reverse split of
                  Private Business's common stock;

         -        the shares of Private Business common stock to be issued in
                  the merger have been approved for listing on the Nasdaq
                  SmallCap Market;

         -        Private Business's senior lender, Fleet Bank, shall have
                  consented to the merger and its contemplated transactions, and
                  the consent shall include amendments or waivers to certain
                  covenants in the existing Fleet credit agreement to provide
                  that (a) Private Business will not be in default under these
                  covenants following completion of the merger, and (b) based on
                  the companies' reasonable expectations, Private Business will
                  not be in default under the these covenants when Private
                  Business reports its financial results for the quarter ending
                  June 30, 2001;

         -        no order or injunction that restrains or prohibits
                  consummation of the merger shall be in effect, and if one is
                  in effect, the parties shall use commercially reasonable
                  efforts to have the order or injunction vacated;

         -        the SEC has declared the registration statement and all post
                  effective amendments, if any, effective under the Securities
                  Act, and the registration statement is not subject to any stop
                  order or proceedings seeking a stop order;

         -        any applicable "blue sky" authorities have consented to or
                  approved the merger and its contemplated transactions, for
                  which the failure to comply with would have a material adverse
                  effect upon the merger or the parties;

         -        the surviving corporation in the merger shall have entered
                  into an employment agreement with Henry M. Baroco on terms
                  reasonably satisfactory to Mr. Baroco, Towne, and Private
                  Business; and

         -        Towne shall have entered into a separation agreement with Lynn
                  Boggs, Towne's current chief executive officer, that will
                  provide for the following compensation and further services
                  instead of the $1,175,000 that Towne would owe him under his
                  existing employment agreement in the event of the merger.
The
                  separation agreement must be reasonably satisfactory to Towne
                  and Private Business and will include a series of payments
                  over time equal to the present value at closing of
                  approximately $750,000 (calculated using a discount rate of
                  10%), consisting of: (a) a payment at closing of $250,000, (b)
                  a consulting arrangement at Private Business for six months at
                  a rate of $400,000 per year, and (c) upon termination of the
                  consulting arrangement, a payment of $320,000 as reasonable
                  compensation for Mr. Boggs' covenant not to compete with Towne
                  or Private Business for one year following termination of the
                  consulting arrangement.
He will also receive title to his
                  company car and the furniture in his office at the closing of
                  the merger, and Towne will reimburse him for any COBRA
                  continuation premiums he pays during the 18 months following
                  the merger.

         
Conditions to Obligations of Private Business to Complete the Merger

         The conditions to Private Business's obligations to complete the merger
also include the following:

         -        The agreements and covenants of Towne to be complied with or
                  performed on or before the closing date shall have been
                  complied with in all material respects, and Private Business
                  shall have received a certificate from Towne certifying to
                  this effect.

         
-        Towne shall have furnished Private Business with the
                  following:

                  -        a certified copy of resolutions adopted by Towne's
                           board of directors approving the merger agreement and
                           the consummation of the merger and directing the
                           submission of the merger to its shareholders;

                  -        a certified copy of resolutions adopted by at least
                           66 2/3% of Towne's common shares and the holder of
                           all of Towne's Series B preferred stock approving the
                           merger and the transactions contemplated thereby; and

                  -        an opinion of Towne's legal counsel in customary form
                           regarding Towne, the merger agreement, and the
                           merger;

         -        the representations and warranties of Towne in the merger
                  agreement shall be true in all material respects on the
                  closing date and Private Business shall have received a
                  certificate from Towne certifying to this effect;

         -        Private Business has received an opinion of Arthur Andersen
                  LLP to the effect that the merger should be treated for
                  federal income tax purposes as a reorganization within the
                  meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code, Towne
                  and Private Business should be parties to the reorganization
                  within the meaning of Section 368(b) of the Code, and no gain
                  or loss should be recognized by Towne, Private Business, or
                  Towne's common shareholders (except with respect to money
                  received) as a result of the merger;

         -        Private Business shall have received evidence that all
                  licenses, permits, consents, approvals, authorizations,
                  qualifications, and orders of governmental agencies and other
                  third parties that are required and material to Towne's and
                  Private Business's operations have been obtained;

         -        Private Business shall have received executed Towne warrant
                  cancellation agreements, if any, evidencing the termination of
                  the various Towne warrant agreements; and

         -        Private Business shall have received assurances, reasonably
                  acceptable to Private Business, from the sole holder of Towne
                  Series B preferred stock consenting to the merger and the
                  transactions contemplated in the merger agreement and agrees
                  to accept the Private Business Series B preferred

                  stock in exchange for the Towne Series B preferred stock and
                  agreeing to waive any appraisal or dissenters' rights, and
                  such assurances shall remain unmodified and in full force and
                  effect.

         
Conditions to Obligations of Towne to Complete the Merger

         The conditions to Towne's obligations to complete the merger also
include the following:

         -        The agreements and covenants of Private Business to be
                  complied with or performed on or before the closing date shall
                  have been complied with in all material respects, and Towne
                  shall have received a certificate from Private Business
                  certifying to this effect.

         -        Private Business shall have furnished Towne with the
                  following:

                  -        a certified copy of resolutions adopted by Private
                           Business's board of directors approving the merger
                           agreement and the consummation of the merger and
                           directing the submission of the merger to its
                           shareholders;

                  -        a certified copy of resolutions adopted by holders of
                           at least a majority of Private Business's common
                           shares approving the merger and the transactions
                           contemplated thereby; and

                  -        an opinion of Private Business's legal counsel in
                           customary form regarding Private Business, the merger
                           agreement, and the merger;

         -        the representations and warranties of Private Business in the
                  merger agreement shall be true in all material respects on the
                  closing date and Towne shall have received a certificate from
                  Private Business to this effect;

         -        Towne shall have received an opinion of Arthur Andersen LLP to
                  the effect that the merger should be treated for federal
                  income tax purposes as a reorganization within the meaning of
                  Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code, Towne and Private
                  Business should be parties to the reorganization within the
                  meaning of Section 368(b) of the Code, and no gain or loss
                  should be recognized by Towne, Private Business, or Towne's
                  common shareholders (except with respect to cash received) as
                  a result of the merger;

         -        Towne shall have received evidence that all licenses, permits,
                  consents, approvals, authorizations, qualifications, and
                  orders of governmental agencies and other third parties that
                  are required and material to Private Business's and Towne's
                  operations have been obtained;

         -        Towne shall have received evidence, reasonably satisfactory to
                  Towne, that Private Business has effectuated, or will
                  effectuate as of the effective time of the merger, a
                  one-for-three reverse split of its common stock; and

         -        Towne shall have obtained the run-off endorsement to its
                  existing directors' and officers' liability policy, and the
                  policy, as extended, modified, and supplemented shall be in
                  full force and effect.


TERMINATION

         The merger agreement may be terminated at any time before the effective
time of merger, whether before or after approval of the matters presented in
connection with the merger by our respective shareholders:

         -        if both Private Business and Towne agree to terminate the
                  merger agreement by mutual written consent;

         -        by either Private Business or Towne if:

                  -        Towne's shareholders do not approve the merger at a
                           duly held Towne shareholder meeting;

                  -        Private Business's shareholders do not approve of (a)
                           the merger, (b) the reverse split of Private
                           Business's common shares on a one-for-three basis,
                           (c) the creation and issuance of the Private Business
                           Series B preferred stock, or (d) the assumption of
                           the individual Towne option agreements, including the
                           reservation of additional Private Business shares
                           under the Private Business option plans necessary to
                           assume the Towne options;

                  -        any court or governmental entity issues an order,
                           decree, ruling, or other action permanently
                           enjoining, restraining, or otherwise prohibiting the
                           merger; or

                  -        the merger has not been completed by July 31, 2001,
                           unless the failure to consummate the merger is the
                           result of a material breach of the merger agreement
                           by the party seeking to terminate the merger
                           agreement;

         -        by either Private Business or Towne if there has been a
                  material breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or
                  agreement on the part of the other party set forth in the
                  merger agreement, which breach has not been cured within 20
                  business days after written notice of the breach is received
                  from the other party; and

         -        by either Private Business or Towne if the board of directors
                  of the other party recommends a superior merger or acquisition
                  proposal to their respective shareholders for approval.


EFFECT OF TERMINATION

         If the merger agreement is terminated as provided above, the merger
agreement will immediately become void, without any current or future liability
or obligation on the part of either party, except for certain provisions
relating to breakup fees, representations, warranties, covenants and agreements,
and the payment of costs and expenses.
In addition, in the event of a
termination of the merger agreement, the confidentiality agreement between Towne
and Private Business will survive and remain in full force and effect.


AMENDMENT, EXTENSION AND WAIVER

         Private Business and Towne may amend the merger agreement in writing,
by action taken or authorized by their respective boards of directors, at any
time before or after approval of the matters presented in connection with the
merger by their respective shareholders, but, after that approval, we may not
make any amendment that by law requires further approval by our shareholders
without that further approval.
At any time before the effective time of the
merger, Private Business and Towne may, by action taken or authorized by their
respective boards of directors and set forth in writing, to the extent legally
allowed:

         -        extend the time for the performance of any obligations or
                  other acts of the other;

         -        waive any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties
                  of the other contained in the merger agreement or in any
                  document delivered pursuant to the merger agreement; and

         -        waive compliance with any of the agreements or conditions of
                  the other contained in the merger agreement.

         
Any termination, amendment, extension, or waiver of the merger
agreement must be approved by the respective boards of directors of Towne and
Private Business or the duly authorized designee of the respective boards.


NO SOLICITATION; EXCLUSIVITY

         Prohibited Acquisition Proposal.
Following execution of the merger
agreement and before the closing date, each of the parties has agreed that it
will not, and will use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause each
officer, director, employee, investment banker, attorney, or other advisor,
agent or other representative of it not to:

         -        solicit, initiate or encourage any proposed or actual
                  acquisition proposal, which includes any:

                  -        merger, consolidation, or similar transaction
                           involving its respective company;

                  -        sale, lease, or other disposition, directly or
                           indirectly, by merger, consolidation, share exchange
                           or otherwise, of any of its assets or properties or
                           any subsidiary representing 15% or more of its
                           consolidated assets or revenues and its subsidiaries;

                  -        issuance, sale, or other disposition (including by
                           way of merger, consolidation, share exchange or any
                           similar transaction) of securities (or options,
                           rights or warrants to purchase,

                           or securities convertible into, such securities)
                           representing 15% or more of the votes associated with
                           its outstanding common stock;

                  -        tender offer or exchange offer in which any person or
                           entity shall seek to acquire beneficial ownership, or
                           the right to acquire beneficial ownership, or any
                           group shall be formed which beneficially owns or has
                           the right to acquire beneficial ownership, of 15% or
                           more of its outstanding common stock;

                  -        recapitalization, restructuring, liquidation,
                           dissolution or other similar type of transaction; or

                  -        transaction which is similar in form, substance or
                           purpose to any of the foregoing transactions;

         -        enter into any agreement with respect to an acquisition
                  proposal;

         -        seek to sell or otherwise dispose of its shares or any portion
                  of its assets to any third party, or enter into any agreements
                  under these circumstances;

         -        participate in any discussions or negotiations, furnish any
                  information, or take any other action to facilitate any
                  inquiries that will, or may reasonably be expected to, lead to
                  any acquisition proposal; or

         -        grant any waiver or release under any standstill or similar
                  agreement with respect to any class of its equity securities.

         
Unless involving a superior acquisition proposal (as described below),
any violation of these restrictions shall be a material breach of the merger
agreement by the violating party.
During the period in which the exclusivity
provisions are in effect, the respective boards of directors shall not (a)
withdraw the approval or recommendation of the merger or the merger agreement or
(b) approve, or propose to approve, any other acquisition proposal, other than
with respect to a superior acquisition proposal.

         
Superior Acquisition Proposal.
Each of the parties is permitted to
furnish non-public information to, or enter into negotiations with, any person
or entity in connection with an unsolicited bona fide written acquisition
proposal that is reasonably likely to lead to the delivery of an acquisition
proposal that is superior to terms contained in the merger agreement under the
following terms:

         -        for a period of 10 business days following the receipt of the
                  superior acquisition proposal, the party receiving the
                  superior acquisition proposal may enter into discussions with,
                  and provide information to, the soliciting third party; and

         -        within five business days of the end of the 10 business day
                  investigative period, the board of directors of the party
                  receiving the superior acquisition proposal shall decide
                  whether it will recommend the new proposal to its shareholders
                  for their approval;

         An acquisition proposal that is superior to the merger agreement
proposal shall mean a bona fide acquisition proposal that:

         -        the board of directors of the receiving party, in its good
                  faith judgment and after consultation with its outside counsel
                  and financial advisors, believes is more favorable to its
                  shareholders than the proposal in the merger agreement;

         -        is reasonably likely to be consummated, in each case taking
                  into account all facts and circumstances, including all legal,
                  financial, regulatory, timing and other aspects of the
                  proposed offer and the identity of the soliciting third party;

         -        includes an executed confidentiality agreement from the
                  soliciting third party to the receiving party with terms not
                  less favorable to the receiving party than those contained in
                  the existing confidentiality agreement between the parties to
                  the merger agreement;

         -        follows three business days notice from the receiving party to
                  the other party to the merger agreement of its intention to
                  accept the superior acquisition proposal and terminate the
                  merger agreement; and

         -        includes a commitment from the receiving party to pay the
                  $750,000 termination fee described below.

         
If a receiving party receives an acquisition proposal, or a request for
nonpublic information, books, or records relating to the receiving party, or any
request for a waiver or release under any standstill or similar agreement by any
person considering making, or who has made, an acquisition proposal, the
receiving party shall inform the other party to the merger agreement of the
terms and conditions of the new acquisition proposal or request for information
orally and in writing as soon as practicable, and no later than one business day
later, of the terms of the proposal and the identity of the soliciting third
party, and forward any written communications related to the request.
The
receiving party will continue to keep the other party to the merger agreement
similarly informed throughout the soliciting third party proposal process.

         
Termination Fees.

         
Towne will pay Private Business a $750,000 termination fee if either of
the following events occur:

         -        Private Business terminates the merger agreement because the
                  board of directors of Towne recommended a superior acquisition
                  proposal to its shareholders for their approval; or

         -        Towne agrees to an acquisition proposal within 12 months after
                  the termination of this merger agreement with any third party
                  with whom Towne or any person acting on its behalf had contact
                  with in violation of the non-solicitation and exclusivity
                  provisions during the term of the merger agreement.

         
Private Business will pay Towne a $750,000 termination fee if either of
the following events occur:

         -        Towne terminates the merger agreement because the board of
                  directors of Private Business recommended a superior
                  acquisition proposal to its shareholders for their approval;
                  or

         -        Private Business agrees to an acquisition proposal within 12
                  months after the termination of this merger agreement with any
                  third party with whom Private Business or any person acting on
                  its behalf had contact with in violation of the
                  non-solicitation and exclusivity provisions during the term of
                  the merger agreement.


VOTING AGREEMENTS

         The following summary of the Towne voting agreements and the Private
Business voting agreements is qualified in its entirety by reference to the
complete text of the Towne voting agreement and the Private Business voting
agreement, which are incorporated by reference and attached as Annexes A1 and
A2, respectively, to this joint proxy statement/prospectus.
Towne and Private
Business urge you to read the full text of these voting agreements.

         
Towne Voting Agreements.
In connection with the execution and delivery
of the merger agreement, Private Business entered into voting agreements with
the existing directors of Towne and/or their affiliates which are Towne
shareholders, solely in their capacity as shareholders, under which these
shareholders agreed, except as otherwise permitted in the merger agreement, to
vote their beneficially owned shares of Towne common stock (a) in favor of the
adoption of the merger agreement and approval of the transactions contemplated
thereby, including the merger, and (b) against approval of any proposal made in
opposition of or competition to the merger.
As of the record date for the annual
meeting, these shareholders owned shares of Towne common stock representing
approximately 20.8% of the total voting power of the outstanding Towne common
stock.
Approval of the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the
merger agreement, including the merger, requires the approval of the holders of
66 2/3% the outstanding shares of Towne common stock and the sole holder of
Towne Series B preferred stock.

         
These shareholders also agreed, except as permitted under the merger
agreement, to refrain from

         (a)      soliciting or encouraging any other offer concerning a sale of
                  Towne's business, assets, or stock,

         (b)      soliciting proxies, or becoming a participant in soliciting
                  proxies, with respect to an opposing acquisition proposal, or
                  otherwise encourage or assist any party in taking or planning
                  an action

                  that would compete with, restrain, or otherwise interfere with
                  the timely consummation of the merger, or

         (c)      initiating a shareholders' vote or consent, or joining a
                  voting group, regarding an opposing acquisition proposal.


The Towne voting agreement also prohibits, subject to limited exceptions, any
shareholder from selling, transferring, pledging, assigning or otherwise
disposing of any shares of Towne common stock.
The Towne voting agreement
terminates upon the earlier to occur of the completion of the merger and the
termination of the merger agreement in accordance with its terms.

         
Private Business Voting Agreement.
In connection with the execution and
delivery of the merger agreement, Towne entered into voting agreements with the
existing directors of Private Business and/or their affiliates which are Private
Business shareholders, solely in their capacity as shareholders, under which
these shareholders agreed, except as otherwise permitted in the merger
agreement, to vote their beneficially owned shares of Private Business common
stock (a) in favor of the adoption of the merger agreement and approval of the
transactions contemplated thereby, including the merger, and (b) against
approval of any proposal made in opposition of or competition to the merger.
As
of the record date for the annual meeting, these shareholders owned shares of
Private Business common stock representing approximately 47.7% of the total
voting power of the outstanding Private Business common stock.
Approval of the
merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement,
including the merger, requires the approval of the holders of a majority of the
outstanding shares of Private Business common stock.

         
These shareholders also agreed, except as permitted under the merger
agreement, to refrain from

         (a)      soliciting or encouraging any other offer concerning a sale of
                  Private Business's business, assets, or stock,

         (b)      soliciting proxies, or becoming a participant in soliciting
                  proxies, with respect to an opposing acquisition proposal, or
                  otherwise encourage or assist any party in taking or planning
                  an action that would compete with, restrain, or otherwise
                  interfere with the timely consummation of the merger, or

         (c)      initiating a shareholders' vote or consent, or joining a
                  voting group, regarding an opposing acquisition proposal.


The Private Business voting agreement also prohibits, subject to limited
exceptions, any shareholder from selling, transferring, pledging, assigning or
otherwise disposing of any shares of Private Business common stock.
The Private
Business voting agreement terminates upon the earlier to occur of the completion
of the merger and the termination of the merger agreement in accordance with its
terms.

         
DESCRIPTION OF PRIVATE BUSINESS CAPITAL STOCK AFTER THE MERGER

         Private Business's authorized capital stock consists of 100,000,000
shares of common stock, without par value, and 20,000,000 shares of preferred
stock, without par value.
As of April 20, 2001, 9,221,538 shares of common stock
were issued and outstanding on a post-split basis, and no shares of preferred
stock were outstanding.
The following summary of Private Business's capital
stock describes all material provisions of, but does not purport to be complete,
and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, Private Business's charter
and the bylaws that are included as exhibits to this joint proxy
statement/prospectus and by the provisions of applicable law.


COMMON STOCK

         The issued and outstanding shares of common stock are, and the shares
of common stock being issued in the merger will be, validly issued, fully paid
and nonassessable.
Subject to the prior rights of the holders of any preferred
stock, the holders of outstanding shares of common stock are entitled to receive
dividends out of assets legally available for that purpose at the time and in
the amounts as the board of directors of Private Business may determine from
time to time.
The shares of common stock are not redeemable or convertible, and
the holders of them have no preemptive or subscription rights to purchase any
securities of Private Business.
Upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of
Private Business, the holders of common stock are entitled to receive pro rata
the assets of Private Business that are legally available for distribution,
after payment of all debts and other liabilities and subject to the prior rights
of any holders of preferred stock then outstanding.
Each outstanding share of
common stock is entitled to vote on all matters submitted to a vote of
shareholders.

         
The Private Business common stock to be issued in the merger has been
approved for quotation on the Nasdaq SmallCap Market under the symbol "PBIZ.
"

PREFERRED STOCK

         The board of directors of Private Business may, without any further
vote or action by the shareholders, from time to time, direct the issuance of
shares of preferred stock in one or more series with such designations, rights,
preferences and limitations as the board of directors may determine, including
the consideration received therefor.
The board of directors also has the
authority to determine the number of shares comprising each series, dividend
rates, redemption provisions, liquidation preferences, sinking fund provisions,
conversion rights and voting rights without the approval by the holders of
common stock.
Although it is not possible to state the effect that any issuance
of preferred stock might have on the rights of holders of common stock, the
issuance of preferred stock may have one or more of the following effects:

         -        to restrict common stock dividends if preferred stock
                  dividends have not been paid;

         -        to dilute the voting power and equity interest of holders of
                  common stock to the extent that any series of preferred stock
                  has voting rights or is convertible into common stock; and

         -        to prevent current holders of common stock from participating
                  in the distribution of Private Business's assets upon
                  liquidation until any liquidation preferences granted to
                  holders of preferred stock are satisfied.

         
In addition, the issuance of preferred stock may have the effect of
discouraging a change in control of Private Business by, for example, granting
voting rights to holders of preferred stock that require approval by the
separate vote of the holders of preferred stock for any amendment to the charter
or any reorganization, consolidation, merger or other similar transaction
involving Private Business.
As a result, the issuance of the preferred stock may
discourage bids for the common stock at a premium over the market price, and
could have a materially adverse effect on the market value of the common stock.

No shares of preferred stock are outstanding.
The board of directors does not
presently intend to issue any shares of preferred stock, other than the Series B
preferred stock to be issued to the holder of Towne Series B preferred stock.
A
condition to the merger is that the holder of the Towne Series B preferred stock
consent to the cancellation of the Towne preferred stock in exchange for Private
Business Series B preferred stock.


SERIES B PREFERRED STOCK

         In connection with the merger, Private Business's board of directors
will designate approximately 40,000 shares of its capital stock as Series B
preferred stock.
At the effective time of the merger, the Series B preferred
stock will be issued to the holders of Towne's Series B preferred stock in
exchange for such stock as described in "The Merger Agreement and Related
Agreements."
The Private Business charter currently provides that 20,000,000
shares of the Private Business's authorized capital stock are undesignated
preferred stock without par value, and expressly authorizes the Private Business
board of directors to provide for the issuance of these shares in one or more
series.
The Private Business Series B preferred stock will have the rights,
preferences and designations that will be stated in a designation providing for
the issuance of that stock, which will be filed with the Tennessee Secretary of
State in accordance with the Tennessee Business Corporation Act.
Accordingly,
shareholder approval will not be necessary to create the Private Business Series
B preferred stock.
The proposed rights and preferences associated with the
Private Business Series B preferred stock are described below.
The designation
creating the Private Business Series B preferred stock has not yet been adopted
or filed, however, and the rights and preferences described in this section are
subject to change.

         
Dividend Rights.
Holders of the Private Business Series B preferred
stock will be entitled to receive cumulative cash dividends when, as and if
declared by the Private Business board of directors out of any funds legally
available for those dividends at the rate of $1.0009 per share of Series B
preferred stock per quarter.
Dividends will accrue on each share of Series B
preferred stock from the date that the stock is issued, and will accrue from day
to day, whether or not earned or declared and whether or not there are funds
legally available for the payment of those dividends.
Those dividends will be
cumulative so that, if dividends in respect of any previous or current quarterly
dividend period, at the quarterly rate specified above, are not paid or declared
and a sum sufficient for the payment of them is not set apart, the deficiency
will first be fully paid before any dividend or other distribution can be paid
on or declared and set apart for the Private Business common stock or any other
stock ranking junior to the Series B preferred stock.
Any accumulation of
dividends on the Series B preferred stock will not bear interest.

         
Unless full dividends on the Series B preferred stock for all past
dividend periods and the then current dividend period have been paid or declared
and a sum sufficient for the payment above set apart no cash dividend can be
paid or declared on the Private Business common stock or any other stock ranking
junior to the Series B preferred stock as to liquidation preference.

         
Liquidation Rights.
In the event of the liquidation, dissolution or
winding up of Private Business, the holders of the outstanding shares of Series
B preferred stock will, at their election, be entitled to receive a liquidation
preference.
The liquidation preference will be equal to the greater of either
the amount that the Series B holder would be entitled to receive if it converted
its Series B preferred stock into Private Business common stock before the
liquidation, or $50.0425 per share of Series B preferred stock plus declared but
unpaid dividends payable with respect to such Series B preferred stock.

         
Voting Rights.
The holders of Series B preferred stock will have the
right to vote along with the holders of the Private Business common stock as if
the Series B preferred stock had been converted to Private Business common
stock.
Except as specifically provided in Sections 48-20-104 and 48-21-104 of
the Tennessee Act (generally involving diminution of their rights and share
exchanges), the holders of the Series B preferred stock shall have no rights to
vote as a separate class of securities.

         
Conversion Rights.
Series B preferred stock, at the option of each
holder, may convert it into shares of Private Business's common stock at any
time.
Initially, each share of Series B preferred stock will be convertible into
one share of Private Business common stock.
The number of shares of Private
Business common stock that each share of Series B preferred stock will be
convertible into will be adjusted from time to time based on subdivisions or
combinations of the Private Business common stock and for certain dividends and
distributions that are made to holders of Private Business common stock.
No
fractional shares of Private Business common stock will be issued upon
conversion of Series B preferred stock, and any shares of Series B preferred
stock surrendered for conversion that would otherwise result in a fractional
share of Private Business common stock will be redeemed in cash, payable as
promptly as possible when funds are legally available therefor.

         
Redemption.
The Series B preferred stock will be redeemable at the
option of Private Business for cash at any time, in whole or in part, on at
least 10 business days' but not more than 90 calendar days' notice.
Upon
delivery of notice by Private Business of its intent to redeem to the holders of
the Series B preferred stock, such holders shall have 10 business days to notify
Private Business of their election to convert their shares of Series B preferred
stock into common stock.
With respect to any such redemption at the option of
Private Business where no notice of conversion is received by Private Business
within the allotted time, shares of Series B preferred stock will be redeemable
at the stated value per share, or $50.0425 per share, together in each case with
accrued but unpaid dividends to the date of redemption.


ANTI-TAKEOVER EFFECTS OF PROVISIONS OF THE CHARTER AND BYLAWS

         The Private Business charter and bylaws contain provisions that could
discourage potential acquisition proposals and could delay or prevent a change
in control of Private Business.
These provisions are intended to enhance the
likelihood of continuity and stability in the composition of the board of
directors and in the policies formulated by the board of directors and to
discourage transactions that may involve an actual or threatened change in
control of Private Business.
These provisions are designed to reduce the
vulnerability of Private Business to an unsolicited acquisition proposal and to
discourage certain tactics that may be used in proxy fights.
However, such
provisions may discourage third parties from making tender offers for the common
stock.
As a result, the market price of the common stock may not benefit from
any premium that might occur in anticipation of a threatened or actual change in
control.
These provisions also may have the effect of preventing changes in the
management of Private Business.

         
The charter and bylaws provide for the board of directors of Private
Business to be divided into three classes, as nearly equal in number as
possible.
The term of the class I directors will expire at the 2003 annual
meeting of shareholders; the term of the class II directors will expire at the
2001 annual meeting of shareholders; and the term of the class III directors
will expire at the 2002 annual meeting of shareholders, and in all cases when
their respective successors are duly elected and qualified.
At each annual
meeting of shareholders, successors to the class of directors whose term expires
at such meeting will be elected to serve for three-year terms or until their
successors are duly elected and qualified.
Directors may be removed by the
shareholders only for cause.

         
The Private Business bylaws provide that the board of directors shall
consist of not less than one director and not more than 12 directors and that
the size of the board of directors may be fixed by the directors then in office.

Two of the members of the Private Business board of directors must be
independent directors.
Directors of Private Business are elected by a plurality
of votes cast at the annual meeting of shareholders or at a special meeting
called for the purpose of electing directors.
Vacancies in the board of
directors and newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the
authorized number of directors are filled by a majority of directors then in
office, except that vacancies resulting from a removal of a director for cause
by the shareholders shall be filled by the vote of the shareholders.
The Private
Business bylaws provide that a director may be removed only for cause by an
affirmative vote of holders of at least a majority of the voting power of the
shares entitled to vote at a special meeting of the shareholders called for the
purpose of removing the director.
The number of directors is currently fixed at
nine, with four vacancies.
In connection with the merger, three of the existing
members of the Towne board of directors will become members of the Private
Business board of directors, and Tom Black, one of the current Class II
directors, will with his consent move to Class I so that each class will be
composed of three members.
The provisions of the Tennessee Business Corporation
Act, the charter and the bylaws relating to the removal of directors and the
filling of vacancies on the board of directors will preclude a third party from
removing incumbent directors without cause and simultaneously gaining control of
the board of directors by filling, with its own nominees, the vacancies created
by removal.
These provisions also reduce the power of shareholders generally,
even those with a majority voting power, to remove incumbent directors without
cause and to fill vacancies on the board of directors.

         
The charter and bylaws provide that any action of the common
shareholders must be effected at a duly called meeting and not by a consent in
writing.
The charter and bylaws do not permit Private Business shareholders to
call special meetings of shareholders.
A special meeting of shareholders may
only be called by the Private Business president or a majority of the board of
directors.

         
The bylaws establish an advance notice procedure for the nomination,
other than by or at the direction of the board of directors or a committee of
it, of candidates for election as directors as well as for other shareholder

proposals to be considered at shareholders' meetings.
Notice to Private Business
from a shareholder who proposes to nominate a person at a meeting for election
as a director must contain:

         -        the name and residence address of the shareholder who intends
                  to make the nomination and the name, age and address of the
                  nominee;

         -        the principal occupation and business address of the nominee;

         -        the class and number of shares held of record, beneficially
                  and by proxy, by the shareholder and the nominee as of the
                  record date of such meeting, if the record date is publicly
                  available, and as of the date of such notice; and

         -        the other information regarding each nominee proposed by the
                  shareholder as would be required to be included in a proxy
                  statement or otherwise required pursuant to Regulation 14A
                  under the Exchange Act, including the consent of each nominee
                  to serve as a director if so elected.

         
The presiding officer of the meeting may refuse to acknowledge the
nomination of any person not made in compliance with this nomination procedure.

The purpose of requiring advance notice is to afford the board of directors an
opportunity to consider the qualifications of the proposed nominees or the
merits of other shareholder proposals and, to the extent deemed necessary or
desirable by the board of directors, to inform shareholders about those matters.

Although the advance notice provisions do not give the board of directors any
power to approve or disapprove of shareholder nominations or proposals for
action, they may have the effect of precluding a contest for the election of
directors or the consideration of shareholder proposals if the procedures
established by the bylaws are not followed and of discouraging or deterring a
third party from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect its own slate of
directors or to approve its own proposals, without regard to whether
consideration of such nominees or proposals might be harmful or beneficial to
Private Business and its shareholders.

         
The charter requires, to amend the range of the permitted size of the
board of directors, the affirmative vote of 50% of the members of the board of
directors and of the holders of at least 70% of the outstanding shares of
Private Business's capital stock entitled to vote on the matter.
These voting
requirements will make it more difficult for shareholders to make changes in the
charter that would be designed to facilitate the exercise of control over
Private Business.
In addition, the requirement for approval by at least a 70%
shareholder vote will enable the holders of a minority of the voting securities
of Private Business to prevent the holders of a majority of those securities
from amending these provisions of the charter.


ANTI-TAKEOVER LEGISLATION

         Tennessee Business Combination Act.
The Tennessee Business Combination
Act contained in Tennessee Business Corporation Act sections 48-103-201 through
48-103-209 provides that any corporation to which the Combination Act applies,
which includes Private Business, shall not engage in any business combination
with an interested shareholder for a period of five years from the date that
such shareholder became an interested shareholder unless before such date the
board of directors of the corporation approved either the business combination
or the transaction that resulted in the shareholder becoming an interested
shareholder.

         
The Combination Act defines business combination generally to mean any:

         -        merger or consolidation;

         -        share exchange;

         -        sale, lease, exchange, pledge, mortgage, transfer or other
                  disposition (in one transaction or a series of transactions)
                  of assets representing 10% or more of (a) the market value of
                  the corporation's consolidated assets, (b) the market value of
                  the corporation's outstanding shares, (c) the corporation's
                  consolidated net income;

         -        issuance or transfer of shares from the corporation to the
                  interested shareholder;

         -        plan of liquidation or dissolution;

         -        transaction in which the interested shareholder's
                  proportionate share of the outstanding shares of any class of
                  securities is increased; and

         -        financing arrangements pursuant to which the interested
                  shareholder, directly or indirectly, receives a benefit except
                  proportionately as a shareholder.

         
Under the Combination Act an interested shareholder generally is
defined as any person who is the direct or indirect beneficial owner of 10% or
more of any class or series of the outstanding voting stock, or any affiliate or
associate of the corporation who has been the direct or indirect beneficial
owner of 10% of more of the voting power of any class or series of the
corporation's stock at any time within the five-year period preceding the date
in question.

         
Some business combinations are exempt from the Combination Act.

Consummation of a business combination that is subject to the five-year
moratorium is permitted after that period, provided the transaction complies
with all applicable charter and bylaw requirements and applicable Tennessee law
and is approved by at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock not
beneficially owned by the interested shareholder, or when the transaction meets
fair price criteria.
The fair price criteria include, without limitation, the
requirement that the per share consideration received in any such business
combination by each of the shareholders is equal to the highest of:

         -        the highest per share price paid by the interested shareholder
                  during the preceding five-year period for shares of this same
                  class or series plus interest thereon from such date at a
                  treasury bill rate, less the aggregate amount of any cash
                  dividends paid and the market value of any dividends paid
                  other than in cash since such earliest date, up to the amount
                  of such interest;

         -        the highest preferential amount, if any, such class or series
                  is entitled to receive on liquidation; and

         -        the market value of the shares on either the date the business
                  combination is announced or the date when the interested
                  shareholder reaches the 10% threshold, whichever is higher,
                  plus interest thereon less dividends as set forth above.

         
Tennessee Greenmail Act.
The Tennessee Greenmail Act, contained in
Tennessee Business Corporation Act sections 48-103-501 through 48-103-505,
prohibits any publicly-traded Tennessee corporation from purchasing any of its
shares at a price above the market value from any person who holds more than 3%
of the class of securities to be purchased if such person has held the shares
for less than two years.
For purposes of the Greenmail Act, the market value is
the average of the highest and lowest closing market price for such shares
during the 30 trading days preceding the purchase and sale of the shares;
provided that, if the seller of those shares has commenced a tender offer or has
announced an intention to seek control of the corporation, the market price must
be based upon the average of the highest and lowest closing price for the shares
during the thirty trading days preceding the commencement of such tender offer
or the making of such announcement.
The Greenmail Act permits the corporation to
purchase such shares if the purchase has been approved by the affirmative vote
of a majority of the outstanding shares of each class of voting stock issued by
the corporation or if the corporation makes an offer of at least equal value per
share to all holders of shares of such class.
Any person who sells securities to
a corporation in violation of the Greenmail Act is liable to the corporation for
damages equal to two times the amount by which the aggregate sum paid by the
corporation for such securities exceeds the maximum amount permitted under the
Greenmail Act.

         
The effects of the Combination Act and the Greenmail Act may be to
render more difficult a change of control of Private Business by delaying,
deferring or preventing a tender offer or takeover attempt that a shareholder
might consider to be in the shareholder's best interest, including an attempt
that might result in the payment of a premium over the market price for the
shares held by the shareholder.


LIMITATION ON DIRECTORS' LIABILITY

         The Tennessee Business Corporation Act permits corporations to limit or
terminate the personal liability of directors to corporations and their
shareholders for monetary damages for breach of the directors' fiduciary duties
of care.
The duty of care requires that, when acting on behalf of the
corporation, directors must exercise informed business judgment based on all
material information reasonably available to them.
Absent the limitations now

authorized by such legislation, directors are accountable to corporations and
their shareholders for monetary damages for conduct constituting gross
negligence in the exercise of their fiduciary duties of care.
Although the
Tennessee Act does not change the directors' duties of care, it enables
corporations to limit available relief to equitable remedies such as injunction
or rescission.

         
The Private Business charter limits the liability of directors, in
their capacity as directors but not in their capacity as officers, to Private
Business or its shareholders to the fullest extent permitted by the Tennessee
Act.
Specifically, no director of Private Business will be personally liable for
monetary damages for breach of the director's fiduciary duty as a director,
except for liability:

         -        for any breach of the director's duty of loyalty to Private
                  Business or its shareholders;

         -        for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve
                  intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law;

         -        under Section 48-18-304 of the Tennessee Act, which relates to
                  unlawful payments of dividends or unlawful stock repurchases
                  or redemptions; and

         -        for any transaction from which the director derived an
                  improper personal benefit.

         
The inclusion of this provision in the charter may have the effect of
reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against directors, and may
discourage or deter shareholders or management from bringing a lawsuit against
directors for breach of their duty of care, even though such an action, if
successful, might otherwise have benefited Private Business and its
shareholders.


INDEMNIFICATION AND INSURANCE

         Under the Private Business charter, and in accordance with Section
48-18-502 of the Tennessee Business Corporation Act, Private Business will
indemnify any person who was or is a party, or is threatened to be made a party,
to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether
civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, other than a "derivative"
action by or in the right of Private Business, by reason of the fact that such
person is or was a director of Private Business, against expenses (including
attorneys' fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement in connection
with such action, suit or proceeding if such person acted in good faith and in a
manner the person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best
interests of Private Business, and, with respect to any criminal action or
proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe was unlawful.

         
The charter provides that Private Business will pay for the expenses
incurred by an indemnified director in defending the proceedings specified above
in advance of their final disposition, provided that the person agrees to
reimburse Private Business if it is ultimately determined that such person is
not entitled to indemnification.
The charter also provides that Private Business
may, in its sole discretion, indemnify any person who is or was one of its
employees and agents or any person who is or was serving at the request of
Private Business as a director, officer, employee or agent of another
corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise to the same
degree as the foregoing indemnification of directors and officers.
In addition,
Private Business may purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who
is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of Private Business or another
corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any
liability asserted against and incurred by such person in such capacity, or
arising out of the person's status as such whether or not Private Business would
have the power or obligation to indemnify such person against such liability
under the provisions of the Tennessee Act.
Private Business maintains insurance
for the benefit of Private Business's officers and directors insuring such
persons against various liabilities, including liabilities under the securities
laws.

         
In addition, Private Business has entered into indemnification
agreements with its directors and certain key officers and employees.


TRANSFER AGENT AND REGISTRAR

         The transfer agent and registrar for the common stock is SunTrust Bank,
Atlanta.

                       COMPARISON OF SHAREHOLDERS' RIGHTS

         
As a result of the merger, the holders of Towne common and preferred
stock will become holders of Private Business common and preferred stock.
The
rights of the shareholders of Private Business will be governed by applicable
Tennessee law, including the Tennessee Business Corporation Act, and by Private
Business's charter and bylaws.

         
The following summary of the material differences between the rights of
Private Business shareholders and Towne shareholders does not purport to provide
a complete description of the specific rights of Private Business shareholders
under Private Business's charter and bylaws as compared with the rights of Towne
shareholders under Towne's articles of incorporation and bylaws.
The
identification of specific differences in the rights of these holders as
material is not intended to indicate that other equally important or more
significant differences do not exist.
These summaries are qualified in their
entirety by reference to the governing corporate instruments of Private Business
and Towne to which shareholders are referred.


AUTHORIZED CAPITAL STOCK

         The total number of authorized shares of capital stock of Private
Business is 120,000,000, consisting of 100,000,000 shares of common stock,
without par value, and 20,000,000 shares of preferred stock, without par value.

         
The total number of authorized shares of capital stock of Towne is
70,000,000, consisting of 50,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per
share, and 20,000,000 shares of preferred stock, no par value.


DIRECTORS

         The board of directors of Private Business is currently fixed at nine
has four vacancies.
The Private Business charter and bylaws provide that the
Private Business board of directors will consist of no less than one nor more
than 12 members, with the actual number set from time to time by resolution
adopted by a majority of the board of directors.
The Towne board of directors
has 11 members.
The Towne bylaws provide that the Towne board of directors will
have not more than 15 directors, to be fixed from time to time by resolution of
the Towne board of directors.

         
Tennessee law permits, but does not require, a classified board of
directors with staggered terms under which one-half to one-third of the
directors are elected for terms of two or three years, respectively.
Both the
Towne board and the Private Business board are divided into three separate
classes, consisting, as nearly as possible, of equal numbers of directors, with
one class being elected annually.
Members of both boards of directors are
elected to serve a term of three years and until their successors are elected
and qualified.


ADVANCE NOTICE REQUIREMENTS FOR SHAREHOLDER PROPOSALS AND DIRECTOR NOMINATIONS

         
The Private Business bylaws establish an advance notice procedure for
the nomination, other than by or at the direction of the board of directors or a
committee of it, of candidates for election as directors as well as for other
shareholder proposals to be considered at shareholders' meetings.
To be timely,
notice must be received at Private Business's principal executive offices not
less than 90 nor more than 120 days before the first anniversary of the prior
year's annual meeting.
Notice to Private Business from a shareholder who
proposes to nominate a person at a meeting for election as a director must
contain the information specified in the bylaws.

         
The Towne bylaws provide that with respect to an annual meeting of
shareholders, nominations of persons for election to the board of directors and
the proposal of business to be considered by shareholders may be made only by or
at the direction of the board of directors, the chairman of the board of
directors or the President, or by a shareholder who has complied with the
advance notice procedures set forth in the bylaws.
Nominations, other than those
made by Towne's board of directors, must be preceded by notification in writing
received by the secretary of the corporation not less than 60 nor more than 90
days before the first anniversary of the prior year's annual meeting.


AMENDMENT TO GOVERNING DOCUMENTS

         Under both Tennessee and Georgia law, an amendment to the charter or
articles of incorporation increasing or decreasing the aggregate number of
authorized shares of a class, or otherwise adversely affecting the rights of
such class, must be approved by the majority vote of each class or series of
stock affected, even if such stock would not otherwise have such voting rights.

         
The Private Business charter requires the affirmative vote of the
holders of at least 70% of the outstanding shares of the company's capital stock
entitled to vote on the matter and a majority of the members of the board of
directors in order to amend the range of the permitted size of the Private
Business board of directors; provided, however, that if the then existing board
of directors unanimously approves the increase or decrease, it may be approved
by the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of the company's capital
stock entitled to vote on the matter.
The Towne articles require that the
affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66 2/3% of the outstanding shares of
the company's common stock entitled to vote and 66 2/3% of the members of the
board of directors in order to increase the number of directors above 15.

         
Under Tennessee law, a corporation's board of directors may amend or
repeal the corporation's bylaws unless the charter reserves this power
exclusively to the shareholders in whole or in part, or unless the shareholders
in amending or repealing a particular bylaw provide expressly that the board of
directors may not amend or repeal that bylaw.
A corporation's shareholders may
amend or repeal the corporation's bylaws even though the bylaws may also be
amended or repealed by its board of directors.

         
Under Georgia law and pursuant to the Towne bylaws, the board of
directors has the power to alter, amend and repeal the bylaws, except to the
extent that the bylaws adopted by the shareholders shall otherwise provide.
In
addition, shareholders may alter, amend, or repeal any bylaws adopted by the
Towne board.


REMOVAL OF DIRECTORS

         Under the Private Business bylaws, any one or more directors or the
entire board of directors may be removed from office only with cause by the vote
of holders of a majority of the shares entitled to vote at an election of
directors.

         
Under the Towne bylaws, any director may be removed from office only
with cause by the vote of holders of 66 2/3% of common stock entitled to vote
for the election of directors at a meeting of shareholders called to remove that
director.


FILLING VACANCIES ON THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

         The Private Business bylaws provide that newly created directorships
resulting from any increase in the authorized number of directors, and vacancies
occurring in any office or directorship for any reason, may be filled by the
vote of a majority of the directors remaining in office, even if less than a
quorum; provided, however, that any vacancy created by the removal of a director
for cause may be filled by the action of the shareholders taken at the same
meeting at which the vacancy was created.
That action requires the vote of
holders of at least a majority of the voting power of the outstanding capital
stock entitled to vote in the election of directors, voting as a single class.

         
The Towne bylaws provide that, unless the board of directors otherwise
determines, any vacancies, including vacancies resulting from an increase in the
number of directors, will be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of the
remaining directors, even if less than a quorum.

         
Both the Private Business and the Towne bylaws provide that any
director elected to fill a vacancy or a newly created directorships will hold
office for the remainder of the full term of the class of directors in which the
new directorship was created or the vacancy occurred and until such director's
successor has been elected and qualified.


SPECIAL SHAREHOLDER MEETINGS

         
The Private Business bylaws provide that only the president or a
majority of the board of directors may call a special meeting of shareholders.

Only the business described in the notice may be conducted at a special meeting
of the shareholders.

         
The Towne bylaws provide that special meetings of its shareholders may
be called by the chairman of the board, the president, the board of directors,
or, provided Towne has more than 100 beneficial owners, the holders of a
majority of the votes entitled to be cast on any issue to be considered at the
special meeting.

VOTING BY SHAREHOLDERS

         Under the Private Business bylaws, unless otherwise required by law,
the Private Business charter, or the Private Business bylaws, action by Private
Business shareholders is taken by the vote of the holders of a majority of the
votes cast, except for elections, which are determined by a plurality of the
votes cast, at a meeting of shareholders at which a quorum is present.

         
Pursuant to the Towne bylaws, action by Towne shareholders is taken by
the vote of the holders of a majority of the stock represented and entitled to
vote, except for elections, which are determined by a plurality of the votes
cast, at a shareholders meeting at which a quorum is present, subject to
applicable law, the Towne articles of incorporation, or the Towne bylaws.

         
Notwithstanding the above, the Towne articles of incorporation require
the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66 2/3% of the common stock for
the following actions:

         -        a sale of all or substantially all assets;

         -        a liquidation or dissolution;

         -        a merger, consolidation or reorganization, unless the
                  shareholders immediately before the transaction will own at
                  least a majority of the combined voting power of the company
                  resulting from the merger, consolidation or reorganization; or

         -        any increase in the number of directors above 15 directors.


BUSINESS COMBINATIONS

         Tennessee law generally restricts a corporation, including Private
Business, from engaging in any business combination with an interested
shareholder for a period of five years from the date that the shareholder became
an interested shareholder unless before that date the board of directors of the
corporation approved either the business combination or the transaction that
resulted in the shareholder becoming an interested shareholder.
An interested
shareholder generally is defined as any person who is the direct or indirect
beneficial owner of 10% or more of any class or series of the outstanding voting
stock, or any affiliate or associate of the corporation who has been the direct
or indirect beneficial owner of 10% or more of the voting power of any class or
series of the corporation's stock at any time within the five year period
preceding the date in question.

         
Georgia law provides for similar restrictions regarding business
combinations, but these restrictions will not apply unless the bylaws of the
corporation specifically provide that these provisions of Georgia law are
applicable to the corporation.
Towne has not elected to be covered by this
statute.


INDEMNIFICATION AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

         Tennessee law permits corporations to limit or terminate the personal
liability of directors to corporations and their shareholders for monetary
damages for breach of the directors' fiduciary duties of care.
The duty of care
requires that, when acting on behalf of the corporation, directors must exercise
informed business judgment based on all material information reasonably
available to them.
The Private Business charter limits the liability of
directors (in their capacity as directors but not in their capacity as officers)
to Private Business or its shareholders to

the fullest extent permitted by Tennessee law.
Specifically, no director of
Private Business will be personally liable for monetary damages for breach of
the director's fiduciary duty as a director, except for liability:

         -        for any breach of the director's duty of loyalty to Private
                  Business or its shareholders;

         -        for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve
                  intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law;

         -        for unlawful payments of dividends or unlawful stock
                  repurchases or redemptions; or

         -        for any transaction from which the director derived an
                  improper personal benefit.

         
The Private Business charter provides that Private Business will
indemnify any person who was or is a party, or is threatened to be made a party,
to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether
civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (other than a "derivative"
action by or in the right of Private Business) by reason of the fact that such
person is or was a director of Private Business, against expenses (including
attorneys' fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement in connection
with such action, suit or proceeding if the person acted in good faith and in a
manner the person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best
interests of Private Business, and, with respect to any criminal action or
proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe was unlawful.
The Private
Business charter provides that Private Business will pay for the expenses
incurred by an indemnified director in defending the proceedings specified above
in advance of their final disposition, provided that the person agrees to
reimburse Private Business if it is ultimately determined that the person is not
entitled to indemnification.
The charter also provides that Private Business
may, in its sole discretion, indemnify any person who is or was one of its
employees and agents or any person who is or was serving at the request of
Private Business as a director, officer, employee or agent of another
corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise to the same
degree as the foregoing indemnification of directors and officers.

         
In addition, Private Business may purchase and maintain insurance on
behalf of any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of
Private Business or another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or
other enterprise against any liability asserted against and incurred by such
person in such capacity.
Private Business maintains insurance for the benefit of
Private Business's officers and directors insuring such persons against various
liabilities, including liabilities under the securities laws.
Private Business
has entered into indemnification agreements with its officers, and certain key
officers and employees.

         
The Towne articles of incorporation eliminate, with some exceptions,
the personal liability of a director to Towne or its shareholders for monetary
damage for breaches of the director's duty of care or other duties as a
director.
This elimination of liability does not apply to:

         -        any appropriation, in violation of the director's duties, of
                  any of Towne's business opportunities;

         -        acts or omissions that involve intentional misconduct or a
                  knowing violation of law;

         -        unlawful corporate distributions; or

         -        any transaction from which the director derived an improper
                  personal benefit.

         
The Towne bylaws require Towne to indemnify and hold harmless any
director who was or is a party, or is threatened to be made a party, to any
threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding whether civil,
criminal, administrative or investigative, including any action or suit by or in
our right, because he or she is or was Towne's, officer, employee or agent.
The
bylaws require indemnification against expenses, including attorney's fees and
disbursements, court costs and expert witness fees, judgments, fines, penalties,
and amounts paid in settlement incurred by him or her from the action, suit or
proceeding.
Indemnification would be disallowed under any circumstances where
indemnification may not be authorized by action of the board of directors, the
shareholders, or otherwise.
Towne has entered into separate indemnification
agreements with each of its directors and executive officers in which Towne
agreed, among other things, to provide for indemnification and advancement of
expenses with similar terms and conditions to those in the bylaws.
These
agreements also provide that Towne purchase and maintain liability insurance for
the benefit of its directors and executive officers.
The shareholders cannot
change these agreements.

                         
DESCRIPTION OF PRIVATE BUSINESS

                                    BUSINESS

         Private Business was incorporated in Tennessee in 1990.
Private
Business is a leading provider of technology-driven solutions that help
community banks manage accounts receivable funding of small businesses.
Private
Business's principal product, Business Manager(R), is based on software,
targeted marketing services and online electronic transaction processing
provided through a large client network of banks nationwide.
This Internet-based
e-commerce solution provides cash flow to thousands of small businesses across
the U.S. by enabling them to sell their receivables to their community bank.
All
small business customers utilizing Private Business's Business Manager
electronic commerce solution currently go through www.BusinessManager.com,
Private Business's business-to-business Internet portal, to conduct daily
transactions.
Private Business's principal executive offices are located at 9010
Overlook Boulevard, Brentwood, Tennessee 37027, and its telephone number at that
address is (615) 221-8400.

         
The Business Manager solution enables its network of over 1,100 client
banks to purchase accounts receivable from their small business customers.
The
banks then process, bill, and track those receivables on an ongoing basis.
As a
major component of its solution, Private Business works with client banks to
design, implement, and manage the sale of Business Manager accounts receivable
financing services to their small business customers.
Private Business also
outsources, for its client banks, application hosting, and transaction
processing by using the Business Manager software in its data center and by
providing transaction processing services from its facilities.
Business Manager
uses Windows-based technology and is easy-to-use, flexible, and scalable.
Client
banks and small business customers are able to transmit information and obtain
reports electronically through its Internet portal, BusinessManager.com.

BusinessManager.com is also an electronic gateway through which customers access
various business tools that help them manage their businesses.

         
The American Bankers Association, through its subsidiary, the
Corporation for American Banking, has endorsed Business Manager since 1994.
The
American Bankers Association employs a due diligence process in endorsing
products, including conducting interviews with banks and customers regarding the
product.
Only 17 companies have the American Bankers Association's endorsement,
and Business Manager is the only product of its type that has received the
endorsement.

         
As a complement to Business Manager, Private Business advises and
trains its client banks concerning risk management procedures and offers
insurance products that mitigate their exposure to fraud and non-payment.

Private Business assumes none of the payment risk in the banks' purchase of
receivables; all such risk falls upon the client banks and their small business
customers.

         
The Business Manager solution benefits both its client banks and their
small business customers.
The solution introduces its client banks to a new type
of high-margin fee generating service, helping them attract new small business
customers and enhance existing customer relationships.
Business Manager also
provides small business customers with access to a new type of bank financing.

         
Typically, Private Business provides its services under exclusive
long-term contracts with client banks with terms ranging from three to five
years with automatic renewals for a predefined term thereafter.
Private Business
receives initial fees for set-up and royalty payments equal to a percentage of
every receivable purchased by the banks from their small business customers.

During 2000, approximately 85% of its revenue resulted from royalty payments.

         
During 2000, Private Business's network of client banks purchased
approximately $6.1 billion of accounts receivable from approximately 7,800 small
businesses.


INDUSTRY BACKGROUND

         The primary drivers of Private Business's business are:

         -        the need for alternative financing for small businesses.

         -        the desire of community banks to attract and retain small
                  business customers using alternative financing products.

         -        the growing acceptance of electronic commerce among community
                  banks and small businesses.

         
Electronic Commerce Services for the Financial Sector.
The market for
electronic commerce products and services in the United States has grown
dramatically in recent years.
A large portion of the electronic commerce
services infrastructure has been provided by third-party vendors and outsourcing
companies.
The financial sector has been a major user of outsourced electronic
commerce services.
Examples of outsourced electronic commerce applications in
this sector include electronic authorization, processing, and settlement of
credit card transactions and electronic data interchange.

         
Most of the outsourced electronic commerce activity in the financial
sector has focused on servicing larger merchants and businesses.
However, small
businesses have many of the same financial needs as large businesses and also
some unique needs particularly suited for electronic commerce outsourcing.
While
small businesses have taken advantage of certain outsourcing and/or electronic
commerce services such as credit card and merchant services, other services
generally have been unavailable in the small business credit and cash management
market.

         
Financing for Small Businesses.
Dun & Bradstreet tracks approximately
11.6 million small businesses in the U.S. with less than $25 million of annual
sales.
Private Business believes that approximately 4.5 million of these
businesses are potential prospects for the Business Manager system based on
their size, industry and receivables patterns.
Private Business believes that,
for many of these small businesses, the need for working capital is a
significant obstacle to growth, and that these businesses spend much time,
money, and effort on receivables and cash management.
Many of these small
businesses are growing rapidly and are financially sound, but are not eligible
for sufficient traditional bank financing.
Traditional banks may be unwilling to
provide financing to small businesses for a number of reasons such as the
particular small business's lack of credit history or the industry or geographic
areas in which a particular small business operates.
In other cases, businesses
have reached their bank's credit limit for traditional bank financing.

         
Despite the fact that the small business sector provides a very large
and potentially profitable market opportunity, financial service providers have
encountered difficulty in managing cost-effective sales and support of targeted
financial services to small businesses.
Community banks have generally provided
basic financial services such as business deposit accounts, credit card merchant
services, and, in some instances, traditional lines of credit to small
businesses.
However, these banks typically have been unable to provide small
businesses with more sophisticated cash management products such as accounts
receivable or lease financing services.

         
The Community Bank Market.
In response to the competitive pressures
arising from deregulation and consolidation, many community banks are adapting
their business practices to meet these new challenges.
According to the Federal
Deposit Insurance Corporation, strategies for coping with these pressures
include:

         -        outsourcing business functions;

         -        expanding the use of non-traditional financing;

         -        partnering with non-bank service providers; and

         -        emphasizing personalized services and developing niches or
                  specialty offerings to serve a broader customer base.

         
At the same time, given the limited asset base of community banks and
the need to improve margins, the adoption of these strategies must take into
account the need to control operating expenses, maintain proper risk control and
minimize operating complexity.


THE PRIVATE BUSINESS SOLUTION, BUSINESS MANAGER

         Business Manager is an integrated solution that includes software,
targeted marketing services, online electronic transaction processing, and
ongoing support.
Business Manager enables the management of accounts receivable
financing for banks, from the purchase of receivables from small businesses to
the ongoing processing, billing, and tracking of these receivables.
The banks
either process the transactions themselves or outsource this activity to Private
Business's in-house processing facility.
To automate the process further,
Private Business offers electronic links for the banks and their small business
customers through secure connections to its Internet portal,
BusinessManager.com.

         Private Business's extensive network of local sales consultants, or
Business Development Managers, helps its client banks develop new marketing
strategies and facilitate the market penetration of Business Manager.
Once a
client bank contracts to utilize Business Manager, Private Business's Business
Development Managers help the client banks design, implement and manage the sale
of the Business Manager accounts receivable financing program to the client
banks' small business customers and prospects.
Utilizing a database of likely
small business customers of the program, the Business Development Manager
generally works directly with the client banks' commercial loan officers to
target and meet with qualified small business customers as part of the direct
sale of the program to these businesses.
Once the client bank has signed up a
new small business customer, Private Business's Business Development Managers
continue to work with the small business customer in conjunction with the bank
loan officer to ensure proper implementation and post-implementation support.

Private Business also helps design the appropriate procedures and controls to
successfully implement Business Manager in order to minimize risk to its client
banks.

         
Business Manager allows banks to provide differentiated, high-margin
financial services to their existing small business customers and new prospects
without incurring the cost of internal technology development and additional
personnel.
Business Manager can benefit Private Business's client banks by:

         -        increasing their revenues with high margin fee income;

         -        creating additional relationships with their existing small
                  business customers;

         -        attracting new small business customers; and

         -        improving access to small business customers' financial
                  information, enabling better credit decisions;

Business Manager can also benefit a bank's small business customers by:

         -        improving cash flow and making funds available for growth;

         -        providing customized aging, sales, and customer balance
                  reports;

         -        reducing management time, effort, and cost associated with
                  billing and tracking receivables; and

         -        improving receivables tracking and payment by involving the
                  bank.


STRATEGY

         Private Business intends to grow its business by implementing the
following strategies:

         Expand into Additional Metropolitan Areas.
Private Business intends to
expand its Business Development Managers into more major metropolitan markets.

Metropolitan markets tend to have a large number of small businesses in a more
concentrated area.
These markets have been virtually untapped by Business
Manager and enable Private Business to pursue small businesses that are not
necessarily customers of Private Business's existing client banks.
Though
Private Business typically offers these financing opportunities through
community banks, it also works with regional and national funding sources to
provide financing if its client banks are unable to participate.

         
Expand Electronic Commerce Services.
Private Business is expanding its
electronic commerce services by utilizing implementation consultants, enhancing
its Internet communications infrastructure, and marketing its electronic
commerce services.
Private Business's implementation consultants work directly
with its client banks and their small business customers to implement
browser-based electronic communications between the small business and the bank
through its Internet server.
Private Business continues to upgrade its Internet
communications infrastructure to improve security, scalability, redundancy, and
availability.
Private Business is also continuing to market its capabilities in
every new sale of Business Manager to increase adoption of its electronic
commerce solution.
To date, approximately 450 banks and 2,600 small business
customers use these services.

         
Continue to Broaden Products and Services Offerings.
Private Business
is successfully using its sales and distribution channel to offer new products
and services to its network of over 1,100 client banks.
For example, in 1999,
Private Business began to offer equipment leasing for small businesses.

Additionally, Private Business continues to enhance its Internet business
portal, BusinessManager.com, to encompass the basic business functions that
every small business engages in daily.
Many of Private Business's bank clients
are electing to "co-brand" (by adding the bank's logo and colors)
the portal
Private Business has built and extend its availability to all of their
commercial customers via a link from the bank's website.
This channel expansion
will enable Private Business to get its Business Manager products in front of
more small businesses.
Private Business will continually look at products and
services that are a strategic fit in its business model.
Currently, over 1,800
businesses transact business daily thorough Private Business's portal.

         
Pursue Strategic Acquisitions and Alliances.
The market for financial
services offered to small businesses through community banks is fragmented, and
Private Business's industry is still in its formative stage.
Private Business
believes there is an opportunity for strategic transactions such as
acquisitions, alliances, or other partnerships to broaden its product portfolio
and assist it in delivering its services efficiently.
Private Business will
continue to evaluate and pursue strategic transactions to better position its
business.


PRODUCTS AND SERVICES

         Private Business provides the following products and services through
its Business Manager solution:

         Marketing Services.
Private Business provides comprehensive marketing
services to client banks as a key part of the Business Manager solution.
Private
Business analyzes a bank's market area using its extensive database and provides
a detailed assessment of the market opportunity for Business Manager in a given
geographic area.
A Business Development Manager uses this market analysis to
help the client bank sell Business Manager to small businesses.

         
As of December 31, 2000, Private Business employed approximately 115
full-time Business Development Managers, including 10 Regional Managers.
Each
Business Development Manager is responsible for one to 15 banks, depending on
bank size and market potential, with the typical Business Development Manager
responsible for seven banks.
The Business Development Manager and the client
bank work together, using the market analysis, to develop a prospect list of the
bank's small business customers who would be likely Business Manager users.
The
master prospect list is prioritized, and, together, the client bank and a
Business Development Manager approach the businesses on that list.
As a
follow-up, a Business Development Manager periodically contacts small business
customers on the system to help the client bank retain their small business
customers.

         
Business Manager Software.
Private Business develops, updates and
supports the Business Manager software, a Windows-based software package,
installed at its client banks and in its processing and service center, that
enables banks to purchase and manage accounts receivable from their small
business customers.
Business Manager provides over 60 detailed reports to keep
the client bank and the small business owner informed about the performance and
aging of the receivables.
In addition, Business Manager's software enables the
client bank to periodically confirm customers' receivables balances for risk
control purposes.

         
Processing Services.
Private Business's processing and service center
can perform for the client bank and its small business customers all the
processing and service functions that would normally be performed by the client
bank's operations staff.
With this option, the processing and service center
provides all data entry, account set-up, batch processing, lock box maintenance,
preparation and mailing of statements and confirmation letters, invoicing

and response to customer service inquiries.
The client bank retains the
decision-making responsibility for credit underwriting and for monitoring the
small businesses' daily financial transaction activity.

         
Electronic Commerce Capabilities.
Private Business provides electronic
commerce capabilities that enable data exchange between the small business
customers, its client banks, and its service center.
This enables small business
customers to deliver new invoice information electronically and have this
information accessed by Private Business's client banks through a Web browser.

The small business can upload this data directly from their accounting software
such as Peachtree(R) or QuickBooks(R) or input this data into a predetermined
form provided through the Internet server and accessible via a Web browser.

Private Business's Internet communications infrastructure provides the gateway
to a central repository for this information.
This infrastructure also enables
small businesses to access critical cash management reports online through their
Web browser.
Private Business believes this capability reduces the time and cost
of processing new invoices for the small business and enhances its client banks'
relationships with their small business customers.

         
Risk Management Procedures.
The Business Manager solution also assists
client banks with credit risk management, using a variety of tools, including:

         -        Underwriting Control.
The client bank decides which businesses
                  participate in Business Manager and approves limits on the
                  amount of receivables to be purchased from those businesses.

         -        Monitoring Capability.
Information provided by the Business
                  Manager software enables the bank to monitor the payment
                  performance of the receivables, to detect trends in the
                  business that may impact the bank's risk, and to facilitate
                  confirmation of outstanding receivables.

         -        Primary Source of Payment.
The receivables purchased by the
                  bank are the primary source of payment.
In most cases, a small
                  business's customer makes payment of the receivables directly
                  to the client bank.

         -        Reserve.
As the client bank buys receivables from small
                  businesses, a portion of the purchase price is deposited into
                  a reserve account to protect the client bank against potential
                  losses on the receivables.
The reserve is adjusted each month
                  to reflect the condition of the receivables.

         -        Repurchase Obligation.
The small business maintains ultimate
                  responsibility for accounts receivable collection.
Receivables
                  that age beyond a designated period (typically 90 days) are
                  repurchased by the small business.
Client banks may require
                  additional collateral and personal guarantees to secure the
                  repurchase obligation.

         
Credit and Fraud Insurance.
Private Business's insurance brokerage
subsidiary offers two insurance products for the Business Manager solution.
Both
products are primarily underwritten by CNA Credit, an affiliate of CNA Financial
Corporation and one of the nation's major multi-line insurers.
Accounts
receivable credit insurance protects the client bank and/or its small business
customers from default in payment of the receivable.
Fraud insurance protects
the client bank from two types of fraudulent acts by the client banks' small
business customers: fraudulent invoices and diversion of customer payments.


TRAINING AND SUPPORT

         Private Business conducts a variety of training activities for its
client banks.
This training is designed to give bank personnel detailed
operating knowledge of the Business Manager solution and the roles that both
bank and Private Business's personnel play in the system's success for a
particular client bank.

         
An initial two-day training session is conducted approximately 35 times
per year at Private Business's corporate training center and approximately 24
times per year at various regional locations by experienced members of Private
Business's training and bank services departments.
These sessions encompass
training for both bank credit officers and for process coordinators who operate
the Business Manager software.
Process coordinators receive detailed instruction
and practical training in effective utilization of the Business Manager
software.
Credit officers learn how Business Manager relationships are developed
as well as how they are underwritten, documented, and monitored.
Newly licensed
banks send both a credit officer and a process coordinator to this training
before implementation of the program.
Banks may send additional personnel to
these sessions for training or re-training at

any time.
In addition, both beginning and advanced software training for bank
process coordinators is offered throughout the year at various locations around
the country.

         
Other bank credit officers and relationship managers periodically
receive training in the business development and risk control aspects of the
program, either at the bank site or at mini-conferences held at various
locations around the country.

         
In addition to training, Private Business offers a variety of support
services to its client banks, including:

         -        Support Services.
Private Business maintains a technical
                  support department that handles approximately 99,000 calls
                  annually and is available five days a week from 7 a.m. to 7
                  p.m. (C.D.T.) to field questions from client banks and small
                  business customers and resolve any problems that may be
                  encountered during processing.

         -        Field Support.
Private Business's regionally placed field
                  support technicians visit client banks periodically to examine
                  their processing procedures, and they are available for
                  on-site troubleshooting.

         -        Implementation Consultants.
Private Business has
                  implementation consultants that help banks and small business
                  customers set up secure Internet connections for the
                  transmittal of information from the business to
                  BusinessManager.com then to the processing facility in the
                  bank or to Private Business's own processing and service
                  center.
These consultants also assist small business customers
                  in facilitating electronic communication between their
                  accounting systems and the processing facilities.

         -        Bank Services.
Private Business's bank services department
                  works with client banks on a variety of banking issues that
                  arise related to the Business Manager solution, including
                  dealing with regulatory issues, documentation, credit
                  policies, risk control and operational issues.

         -        Reference Guide.
Private Business provides full documentation
                  in its reference guide as a comprehensive resource for the
                  ongoing operation of the Business Manager solution.
This
                  reference guide serves as a source book for answers to
                  day-to-day questions about the software, as well as credit and
                  operations issues.


SALES AND MARKETING

         Private Business's sales effort is focused on marketing Business
Manager to banks and their small business customers.

         
Private Business's dedicated bank sales force targets community banks
and banks with a strong commercial presence.
These sales professionals utilize
Private Business's database marketing tools to provide a detailed analysis of
small businesses that are likely candidates for the Business Manager product in
the prospect bank's market area.

         
Once a bank contracts to utilize Business Manager, one of Private
Business's approximately 105 Business Development Managers works with the bank,
combining the bank's customer list with Private Business's prospect analysis and
creating a prioritized master prospect list.
Private Business's Business
Development Managers and Private Business's network of banks together form a
channel for the sale of Business Manager to small businesses.

         
In early 2000, Private Business added a national funding source, giving
it alternatives to funding small businesses with not only the local bank, but
with a national funding source as well.
This should allow Private Business to
enter markets and industries that a local bank may not service in its current
capacity, without having to expand sales and marketing efforts already being put
forth.

         
Private Business employs marketing analysts who are responsible for the
design and production of internal and external marketing materials to assist its
banks in finding small businesses who can benefit from the Business Manager
program.
These marketing professionals also attend trade shows and coordinate
various marketing programs, such as direct mail campaigns and conferences.


CUSTOMERS AND CONTRACTS

         As of December 31, 2000, Business Manager was licensed to over 1,100
banks.
No client bank contributed more than five percent of Private Business's
revenue in 1998, 1999, or 2000.
Private Business's network of client banks
purchased approximately $6.1 billion of accounts receivable from approximately
7,800 small businesses.

         
The typical agreement between Private Business and a client bank
provides that the bank pay an initial fee upon execution of the agreement and an
annual fee on each anniversary date of the agreement.
In addition, the agreement
provides that the bank pay a fee equal to a percentage of the receivables
purchased by the bank from a small business customer during the first thirty
days after signing such small business customer.
Thereafter, the agreement
provides for a monthly ongoing fee based on a percentage of the discount charged
against the receivables purchased from each small business customer.

         
The agreements generally have terms of three to five years plus
provisions that the bank pay ongoing fees on all accounts transferred to a
similar program for a period of 48 months after termination.

         
If an existing client bank wishes to outsource its processing services
to Private Business, the bank enters into a processing addendum to the original
agreement.
The processing addendum provides for set-up fees and transaction
processing fees.
The processing addendum includes a confidentiality provision
with respect to all information received from the client bank relating to the
small business customer and its accounts.
Some new client banks now enter into
an agreement that provides for processing from the outset.
The terms of the
agreement are very similar to those as set out above.

         
Private Business also provides client banks with a standard form
Business Manager agreement to be used between the client bank and its small
business customers.
Private Business is not a party to this agreement, but the
general form of the agreement provides that the bank will purchase up to a set
amount of the small business's accounts receivable for the face amount less a
discount.
The Business Manager agreement provides that the bank will establish
an interest-bearing reserve account for the benefit of the small business and
will deposit a portion (generally between 10 percent and 20 percent) of the face
amount of each receivable purchased into such reserve account.
The agreement
further provides that the bank may require the small business to repurchase all
or any portion of any receivable if any minimum payment remains unpaid after a
designated period (generally 90 to 120 days).
These agreements have a term of
one year and are automatically extended for additional one-year periods, but may
be terminated without penalty by either party upon 60 days written notice.


TECHNOLOGY

         The Business Manager software program is a PC-based system written
primarily in Smalltalk.
Private Business has developed two versions of Business
Manager, a field version used by client banks and an in-house version used in
Private Business's processing and service center.
Both versions of the software
are 32-bit, enabling them to run on Windows 95/98 and NT/2000.
For reporting,
both versions use Seagate's Crystal Reports report writer.

         
The field version runs in stand-alone mode or supporting multiple users
on Novell or Microsoft NT networks, and runs on standard PCs with no additional
hardware or software requirements other than an Internet connection.
Upgrades to
the field version are released periodically and generally no less than annually.

         
The in-house version supports larger numbers of concurrent users.

Computers from Sun, running the Solaris UNIX operating system, provide the
increased capacity.
Additionally, this version provides Internet-based reporting
to Private Business's processing and service center customers.

         
Private Business's bank and small business customers exchange business
transaction information with each other and with Private Business via Private
Business's Internet-based Business to Business (B2B) Electronic Commerce system.

This Web-based B2B system is compatible with businesses running Windows and
other operating systems like UNIX or Macintosh.
Portions of this system run on
Windows NT-based servers, with the balance running on Sun servers using Oracle
databases.

         
Private Business's Internet connection is provided through two separate
telecommunications service providers for reliability and performance.


COMPETITION

         The market for small business financial services continues to be
intensely competitive, fragmented and rapidly changing.
Private Business
believes that its competes effectively as a result of its highly trained and
motivated sales force as well as the functionality of Business Manager.

         
Private Business faces primary competition from companies offering
products similar to Business Manager to banks.
Only a limited number of
companies offer solutions similar to Business Manager.
Private Business's
management believes that Private Business is the largest of such companies
offering these services in terms of revenue, number of client banks and size of
its dedicated sales force.

         
Private Business also competes with banks that use their internal
information technology departments to develop proprietary systems or purchase
software from third parties to offer similar services to small businesses, and
with providers of traditional sources of financing to small businesses such as
lines of credit, amortizing loans and factoring.
Many banks and other
traditional providers of financing are much larger and more established than
Private Business.
Most providers of traditional sources of financing and banks
that have already established relationships with small businesses may be able to
leverage their relationships to discourage these customers from purchasing
Business Manager or persuade them to replace Private Business's products with
their products.

         
Private Business expects that competition will increase as other
established and emerging companies enter the accounts receivable financing
market, as new products and technologies are introduced and as new competitors
enter the market, some of which may market via the Internet.
In addition, as
Private Business develops new services, such as equipment leasing, it may begin
competing with companies with whom its has not previously competed.
Increased
competition may result in price reductions, lower profit margins, and loss of
Private Business's market share, any of which could materially adversely affect
Private Business's business, financial condition, and operating results.


EMPLOYEES

         At March 15, 2001, Private Business employed 375 people, 10 of whom
were part-time employees.
Private Business had 138 employees at March 15, 2001
involved in direct sales, marketing, and business development activities.


PROPERTIES

         Private Business owns a 36,000 square foot modern corporate office
building in Brentwood, Tennessee, situated on approximately 5.1 acres of land.

This building houses Private Business's executive offices as well as
administration/operations and other staffs.
In early 1999, Private Business sold
approximately 8.1 acres of undeveloped land adjacent to the corporate office to
a developer who constructed a new building.
In March 2000, Private Business
signed a ten-year lease for approximately 45,000 square feet of office space in
this building for processing, insurance, and other staff offices.

                   
MARKET FOR PRIVATE BUSINESS'S COMMON EQUITY
                         AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS

         The common stock of Private Business is currently traded on the Nasdaq
Small-Cap Market System under the designation "PBIZ."
As of March 20, 2001,
there were approximately 69 shareholders of record.
The following table
describes representative bid quotations of the common stock for each quarter
since Private Business's initial public offering of its common stock on May 26,
1999 as provided by NASDAQ.
The following bid quotations reflect interdealer
prices without retail mark-ups, mark-downs, or commissions, and may not
necessarily represent actual transactions.
The stock prices have been adjusted
to reflect the propose one-for-three stock split.

                                                       
BID QUOTATIONS
                                                       --------------
FOR THE YEAR ENDED                            HIGH                        LOW
- ------------------                            ----                        ---
DECEMBER 31, 1999
- -----------------

2nd Quarter                                 $  37.50                    $ 25.89
3rd Quarter                                 $  31.89                    $ 11.82
4th Quarter                                 $  15.18                    $  5.64

FOR THE YEAR ENDED                            HIGH                        LOW
- ------------------                            ----                        ---
DECEMBER 31, 2000
- -----------------

1st Quarter                                 $  15.39                    $ 10.32
2nd Quarter                                 $   9.66                    $  4.50
3rd Quarter                                 $   8.25                    $  3.00
4th Quarter                                 $   4.50                    $  1.14

         Private Business has not paid any cash dividends on its common stock in
1999 and 2000.
Private Business intends to retain its earnings to finance growth
and development of its business and does not expect to pay any cash dividends in
the foreseeable future.
Private Business's credit facility prohibits the payment
of cash dividends on the common stock during the term of the current loan
outstanding.

      
SELECTED HISTORICAL FINANCIAL AND OPERATING DATA OF PRIVATE BUSINESS

         The following table sets forth selected historical financial and
operating data of Private Business as of and for the years ended December 31,
2000, 1999, 1998, 1997, and 1996.
You should read this data along with Private
Business's "Management Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations" and the historical financial statements and related notes
of Private Business included elsewhere in this document.

                                                                        YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                     -------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                  (In thousands, except per share data)
                                                        2000         1999         1998         1997          1996
                                                        ----         
----         ----         
----          
----

STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS DATA:
Revenues                                             $  56,466    $ 57,558      $ 50,805     $ 43,660     $ 33,988
Operating income                                     $  12,793    $ 13,459      $  1,516     $ 14,304     $  9,187
Income (loss) from operations  before
  income taxes and extraordinary item                $   8,234    $  7,418      $ (2,046)    $ 14,017     $  9,187
Income tax provision (benefit)                           3,211       1,645        (2,585)         743          582
Extraordinary item                                           0         418             0            0            0
Net income                                               5,023       5,355           539       13,274        8,605
Preferred stock dividends and accretion                      0      (2,029)       (2,204)           0            0
Net income (loss) available to common
 shareholders                                        $   5,023    $  3,326      $ (1,665)    $ 13,274     $  8,605
Earnings (loss) per common share (diluted)           $    0.54    $   0.48      $  (0.30)    $   1.95     $   1.26

BALANCE SHEET DATA (AT YEAR END):
Cash and cash equivalents                            $   1,891    $  5,953      $    285      $  4,816    $  6,391
Working capital (deficit)                               (1,765)      1,465        (7,834)        2,772       2,851
Total assets                                            30,219      39,210        31,596        20,995      16,386
Long-term debt, net of current portion                  42,148      49,122        90,375         4,078         846
Redeemable convertible preferred stock                       0           0        59,707             0           0
Total shareholders' equity (deficit)                   (23,966)    (29,186)     (139,291)        8,643       8,128

           MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION
                            AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

OVERVIEW

         Private Business is a leading provider of technology-driven solutions
that address the problems faced by community banks in managing accounts
receivable financing provided to their small business customers.
The Private
Business solution to these problems is called Business Manager and is based on
software, marketing services and online electronic transaction processing.
One
element of this solution is proprietary software that enables a network of
client banks to purchase accounts receivable from their small business
customers.
The banks then process, bill and track those receivables on an
ongoing basis.
An additional element of the Private Business solution includes
working with client banks to design, implement and manage the sale of Business
Manager accounts receivable financing services to their small business
customers.
Client banks are also given the option of outsourcing to Private
Business their application hosting and transaction processing through secure
Internet connections, thereby allowing them to receive accounts receivable
information and make funding decisions electronically.

         
Revenues are generated from three main sources:

         -        royalties earned on client bank purchases of small business
                  accounts receivable;

         -        software license fees from new client banks; and

         -        maintenance fees and other revenues, comprised primarily of
                  fees received for insurance brokerage services, paper-based
                  form sales, software maintenance, medical, leasing and
                  processing services.

         
There are two types of royalty fees.
The first type is earned upon the
client bank's initial purchase of a small business's accounts receivable during
the first 30 days in the Private Business program.
The second type is an ongoing
royalty fee earned from subsequent period purchases.
Both types of fees are
based on a percentage of the receivables that a client bank purchases from its
small business customers during each month.
The second type of fee is a smaller
percentage of the ongoing receivables purchased.

         
Software license fees consist of two components: the license fee and
customer training and support fee.
These are one-time fees received upon the
initial licensing of the Business Manager program to a community bank.
License
agreements are executed with terms ranging from three to five years and are
renewable for subsequent terms.
Private Business recognizes revenues from the
license fee at the time of initiation of the agreement and the customer training
and support fee ratably over the twelve-month service period subsequent to
signing the license agreement.
Software license fees for new agreements range
from approximately $5,000 to $150,000 and are generally based on the asset size
of the client bank.

         
Maintenance fees and other revenues include several ancillary products
and services provided to client banks.
Annual software maintenance fees are
generated from client banks starting on the first anniversary date of the
Business Manager license agreement and annually thereafter.
These revenues are
recognized ratably over a twelve month period beginning on the first anniversary
date of the agreement.
Additionally, since 1995, Private Business has brokered,
through its Private Business Insurance subsidiary, credit and fraud insurance
products from a national insurance company.
Fees are earned based on a
percentage of the premium that is paid to the insurance company.
Private
Business also provides a standard set of forms that client banks may purchase
and use in the normal course of administering the Business Manager program.

Revenues related to these forms are recognized in the period that they are
shipped to the client bank.
Processing services are also offered to client banks
for an additional fee based on the volume of transactions processed through the
system.
Private Business has also developed some industry focused applications
for the medical and dental markets.
An equipment leasing program is offered for
use by small business customers in which Private Business receives a one time
license fee, an annual fee from the client bank and a fee from the leasing
company based on a percentage of the cost of the equipment being leased by the
small business customer.


RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

         
The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the
percentage relationship of the identified consolidated statement of operations
items to total revenues.

                                                                             YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                                        
--------------------------------
                                                                         2000         1999         1998

Revenues:
   Royalties..........................................................   84.6%        85.1%        86.2%
   Software license...................................................    3.6          4.6          5.8
   Maintenance and other..............................................   11.8         10.3          8.0
         Total revenues...............................................  100.0        100.0        100.0
Operating expenses:
   General and administrative.........................................   31.1         27.2         26.4
   Selling and marketing..............................................   41.9         46.2         40.3
   Research and development...........................................    1.9          1.6          1.7
   Amortization.......................................................    1.5          1.3          0.9
   Other operating....................................................    1.0          0.3          0.6
   Recapitalization charges...........................................    0.0          0.0         27.1
         Total operating expenses.....................................   77.4         76.6         97.0
Operating income......................................................   22.6         23.4          3.0
Other expenses:
   Interest expense...................................................    8.1         10.5          6.7
   Minority interest..................................................    0.0          0.0          0.3
         Total other expenses.........................................    8.1         10.5          7.0
Income (loss) before income taxes and extraordinary item..............   14.5         12.9         (4.0)
Income tax provision (benefit)........................................    5.7          2.9         (5.1)
Net income before extraordinary item..................................    
8.8         10.0          1.1
Extraordinary item....................................................    0.0          0.7          0.0
Net income............................................................    8.8%         9.3%         1.1%

YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2000 COMPARED TO YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1999

         Royalties.
Royalties decreased $1.2 million, or 2.4%, to $47.8 million
for the year ended December 31, 2000 compared to $49.0 million for the year
ended December 31, 1999.
The decrease was primarily due to a decrease in the
average fee realized on total funding.
Total funding through the Business
Manager program for both 2000 and 1999 remained unchanged at approximately $6.1
billion.
While total funding remained unchanged, the average revenue per funding
bank client increased 5.7% to approximately $55,000 in 2000 compared to $52,000
in 1999.
The increase was primarily due to an increase in the average amount
funded per bank client.
As a percentage of total revenue, royalties decreased to
84.6% for the year ended December 31, 2000, from 85.1% for the year earlier
period, primarily as a result of a greater increase in maintenance and other
revenues during the same period.

         
Software license.
Software license fees decreased 23.5% to $2.0 million
for the year ended December 31, 2000, compared to $2.7 million for the year
ended December 31, 1999.
The decrease was primarily due to a decrease in the
number of new software license agreements entered into during 2000 compared to
1999.
Private Business believes that new software license agreements have
decreased as a result of several contributing factors, including the focus on
marketing more specifically to banks in targeted areas where penetration in the
small business market is desired, the fact that as penetration increases in a
market, it becomes more difficult to add new license agreements from the smaller
universe of potential bank clients and increased competition.
Software license
fees accounted for 3.6% of total revenues for the year ended December 31, 2000,
compared to 4.6% for the year earlier period primarily as a result of the
decrease in fees discussed above and more rapid growth in maintenance and other
revenues.

         
Maintenance and other.
Maintenance and other revenues increased
approximately $728,000, or 12.3%, to $6.6 million for the year ended December
31, 2000 compared to $5.9 million for the year ended December 31, 1999.

Insurance fees increased approximately $486,000, or 14.9%, to $3.7 million for
the year ended December 31, 2000 compared to $3.3 million for 1999.
This
increase was primarily attributable to increased participation by client banks
and small businesses in the Private Business credit and fraud insurance
programs.
Processing fees increased approximately $301,000 to $594,000 in 2000
from $292,000 in 1999.
This increase resulted primarily from increased marketing
of the Private Business processing capabilities which resulted in increased
utilization of processing services by client banks.
Equipment leasing fees,
which began in 1999, generated approximately $381,000 in fees in 2000 compared
to $232,000 in 1999 while other miscellaneous revenues decreased 9.7% to $1.9
million in 2000 from $2.1 million in 1999.
As a percentage of total revenues,
maintenance and other revenue increased to 11.8% for the year ended December 31,
2000, from 10.3% for the year ended December 31, 1999.

         
Total revenues.
As a result of the foregoing revenue categories, total
revenues decreased 1.9% to $56.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2000,
compared to $57.6 million for the year ended December 31, 1999.

         
General and administrative.
General and administrative expenses
increased 12.2% to $17.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2000, compared
to $15.6 million for the year ended December 31, 1999.
General and
administrative expenses include the cost of executive, finance, human resources,
information services, support services, administrative functions and general
operations.
The increase was primarily due to certain administrative expenses,
particularly depreciation, rent and legal and professional fees, increasing as a
result of opening the Private Business Technology and Business Service Center.

Legal and professional fees increased primarily as a result of increased
consulting fees associated with internal restructuring for cost control
efficiencies and new directors and officers insurance resulting from the Private
Business IPO in May of 1999.
As a percentage of total revenues, general and
administrative expenses increased 3.9% to 31.1% for the year ended December 31,
2000 from 27.2% for the year ended December 31, 1999.
During the fourth quarter
2000, Private Business expensed $1.4 million of discretionary management bonuses
related to 2000 performance.

         
Selling and marketing.
Selling and marketing expenses decreased 11.1%
to $23.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2000, compared to $26.6 million
for the year ended December 31, 1999.
Selling and marketing expenses include
cost of wages and commissions paid to dedicated business development and bank
sales force, travel costs of the dedicated sales force, recruiting for new sales
and marketing personnel and marketing fees associated with direct and
telemarketing programs.
The decrease was primarily due to decreases in sales
staff as a result of a recent focus on sales productivity per sales person.
This
focus resulted in decreased commissions, training, recruiting and travel
expenses.
Private Business also decreased its marketing programs, particularly
telemarketing, as a result of marketing more specifically to banks in targeted
markets.
As a percentage of total revenues, selling and marketing expenses
decreased 4.3% to 41.9% for the year ended December 31, 2000, compared to 46.2%
for the year ended December 31, 1999.

         
Research and development.
Research and development expenses increased
16.0% to $1.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2000, compared to
approximately $923,000 for the previous year ended December 31, 1999.
These
costs include the direct costs associated with developing new versions of the
Business Manager system.
The increase was primarily due to additional staff
being dedicated to the research and development area to enhance the Business
Manager products and the Private Business web portal BusinessManager.com which
was introduced in May 2000.
As a percentage of total revenues, research and
development expenses increased to 1.9% for the year ended December 31, 2000 from
1.6% for the year ended December 31, 1999.
During the fourth quarter 2000,
Private Business refined its method of estimating the amount of research and
development costs that are capitalizable as software development costs.
As a
result of these refinements, Private Business capitalized approximately $588,000
of research and development costs in the fourth quarter 2000.
Software
development costs capitalized during the first three quarters of 2000 was
approximately $322,000.

         Amortization.
Amortization expenses increased 12.4% to approximately
$836,000 for the year ended December 31, 2000, compared to approximately
$744,000 for the previous year.
These expenses include the cost of amortizing
intangible assets including trademarks and the associated costs of goodwill and
debt issuance costs related to the recapitalization in 1998.
The increase was
primarily due to new debt issuance costs and increased software development
costs in 2000 compared to 1999.

         
Other operating expenses.
Other operating expenses include property
taxes and other miscellaneous costs associated with providing support and
services to client banks.
Other operating expenses increased approximately
$377,000 for the year ended December 31, 2000, to approximately $563,000.
The
increase was primarily due to the write-off of leasehold improvements and
furniture related to leased space vacated in May 2000 when the new Private
Business Technology and Business Service Center opened.

         
Operating income.
As a result of the above factors, the Private
Business operating income decreased 4.9% to $12.8 million for the year ended
December 31, 2000, compared to $13.5 million for the previous year period.

         
Interest expense, net.
Interest expense, net, decreased $1.4 million to
$4.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2000, compared to $6.0 million in
1999.
The decrease was primarily due to the reduction of the revolver and a
portion of the term loans over and above the scheduled principal payments by
approximately $42.2 million in May 1999 using proceeds from the Private Business
IPO and private placement, $1.3 million at the end of the first quarter 2000
using excess cash from operations as required by a year-end excess cash
provision in a debt agreement and an optional early payment of $3.0 million at
the end of the second quarter 2000.

         
Income tax provision.
The income tax provision was $3.2 million for the
year ended December 31, 2000, compared to $1.6 million for the year ended
December 31, 1999.
As a percentage of income before taxes, the income tax
provision was 39% for 2000 and 20.6% for 1999.
The 1999 tax provision includes a
$1.3 million tax benefit based on the final 1998 S Corporation tax return filed
in 1999.
Private Business converted to a C Corporation from an S Corporation
during 1998.
This benefit was recognized as additional equity that the S
Corporation shareholders contributed to the C Corporation.

         
Extraordinary item.
The extraordinary item represented the after tax
write-off of a portion of the unamortized debt issuance costs in the amount of
$418,000 as a result of paying down approximately $38.4 million in long-term
debt using proceeds from the Private Business IPO and private placement in May
1999 and cash from operations.

YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1999 COMPARED TO YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1998

         Royalties.
Royalties increased $5.2 million, or 11.9%, to $49.0 million
for the year ended December 31, 1999 compared to $43.8 million for the year
ended December 31, 1998.
The increase resulted from additional funding through
the Business Manager program, which increased 8.9% to approximately $6.1 billion
for the year ended December 31, 1999 compared to approximately $5.6 billion for
the year ended December 31, 1998.
The increase was primarily due to an increase
in the average amount funded per bank client.
As a percentage of total revenue,
royalties decreased to 85.1% for the year ended December 31, 1999, from 86.2%
for the year earlier period, primarily as a result of a greater increase in
maintenance and other revenues during the same period.

         
Software license.
Software license fees decreased 9.6% to $2.7 million
for the year ended December 31, 1999, compared to $2.9 million for the year
ended December 31, 1998.
The decrease was primarily due to a decrease in the
number of new software license agreements entered into during 1999 compared to
1998.
Private Business believes that new software license agreements have
decreased as a result of several contributing factors, including a focus on
marketing more specifically to banks in targeted areas where penetration in the
small business market is desired, and the fact that as penetration increases in
a market, it becomes more difficult to add new license agreements from the
smaller universe of potential bank clients and increased competition.
Software
license fees accounted for 4.6% of total revenues for the year ended December
31, 1999, compared to 5.8% for the year earlier period primarily as a result of
the decrease in fees discussed above and more rapid growth of royalties and
maintenance and other revenues.

         
Maintenance and other.
Maintenance and other revenues increased $1.8
million, or 45.3%, to $5.9 million for the year ended December 31, 1999 compared
to $4.1 million for the year ended December 31, 1998.
Insurance fees increased
approximately $897,000, or 37.9%, to $3.3 million for the year ended December
31, 1999 compared to $2.4 million for 1998.
This increase was primarily
attributable to increased participation by client banks and small businesses in
the Private Business credit and fraud insurance programs.
Software maintenance
fees increased 19.1% to approximately $525,000 in 1999 compared to approximately
$441,000 in 1998 which reflected more banks completing their first anniversary
of participation in the Business Manager program, as compared to the year ended

December 31, 1998.
Processing fees increased approximately $117,000 to $292,000
in 1999 from $175,000 in 1998.
This increase resulted primarily from increased
marketing of processing capabilities which resulted in increased utilization of
processing services by client banks.
Equipment leasing fees, which began in
1999, generated approximately $232,000 in new fees compared to 1998 while other
miscellaneous revenues increased 43.3% to $813,000 in 1999 from $568,000 in
1998.
The increase in other miscellaneous revenue was primarily attributable to
an increase in medical processing fees of 513.6% to approximately $312,000 in
1999 compared to $51,000 in 1998.
This increase was a result of more focus
during 1999 on the medical and dental industry.
As a percentage of total
revenues, maintenance and other revenue increased to 10.3% for the year ended
December 31, 1999, from 8.0% for the year ended December 31, 1998.

         
Total revenues.
As a result of the foregoing revenue categories, total
revenues increased 13.3% to $57.6 million for the year ended December 31, 1999,
compared to $50.8 million for the year ended December 31, 1998.

         
General and administrative.
General and administrative expenses
increased 16.8% to $15.6 million for the year ended December 31, 1999, compared
to $13.4 million for the year ended December 31, 1998.
General and
administrative expenses include the cost of executive, finance, human resources,
information services, support services, administrative functions and general
operations.
The increase was primarily due to certain administrative expenses,
particularly salaries and benefits, telephone and depreciation, increasing due
to the hiring of additional employees to support an expanding client base and
the purchase of new computer hardware and software products.
In 1999, Private
Business no longer performed management and administrative functions for certain
related parties where a management fee was charged and netted against general
and administrative expenses.
As a percentage of total revenues, general and
administrative expenses increased 0.8% to 27.2% for the year ended December 31,
1999 from 26.4% for the year ended December 31, 1998.

         
Selling and marketing.
Selling and marketing expenses increased 29.8%
to $26.6 million for the year ended December 31, 1999, compared to $20.5 million
for the year ended December 31, 1998.
Selling and marketing expenses include
cost of wages and commissions paid to dedicated business development and bank
sales force, travel costs of the dedicated sales force, recruiting for new sales
and marketing personnel and marketing fees associated with direct and
telemarketing programs.
The increase was primarily due to the hiring of
additional sales staff and additional marketing programs provided to client
banks.
As a percentage of total revenues, selling and marketing expenses
increased 5.9% to 46.2% for the year ended December 31, 1999, compared to 40.3%
for the year ended December 31, 1998.

         
Research and development.
Research and development expenses increased
7.1% to $923,000 for the year ended December 31, 1999, compared to $862,000 for
the previous year ended December 31, 1998.
These costs include the direct costs
associated with developing new versions of the Business Manager system.
As a
percentage of total revenues, research and development expenses decreased to
1.6% for the year ended December 31, 1999 from 1.7% for the year ended December
31, 1998.

         
Amortization.
Amortization expenses increased 67.9% to $744,000 for the
year ended December 31, 1999, compared to $443,000 for the previous year.
These
expenses include the cost of amortizing intangible assets including trademarks
and the associated costs of goodwill and debt issuance costs related to the
recapitalization in 1998.
The increase is primarily due to amortizing an entire
year of goodwill and debt issuance costs in 1999 compared to a partial year in
1998 since the recapitalization was completed in August of 1998.

         
Other operating expenses.
Other operating expenses include property
taxes and other miscellaneous costs associated with providing support and
services to client banks.
Other operating expenses decreased $126,000 for the
year ended December 31, 1999 to approximately $186,000.

         
Recapitalization expenses.
Recapitalization expenses represented a
series of transactions in August 1998 which effectively resulted in a
recapitalization of Private Business.
The one-time charge consisted of a special
one-time bonus to employees, investment banking, and legal and accounting fees.

         
Operating income.
As a result of the above factors, operating income
increased 787.8% to $13.5 million for the year ended December 31, 1999, compared
to $1.5 million for the previous year period.
The 1998 operating income included
the $13.8 million one-time recapitalization charge.

         
Interest expense.
Interest expense increased $2.6 million to $6.0
million for the year ended December 31, 1999, compared to $3.4 million in 1998.

The increase was primarily due to $95 million of new long-term debt incurred in
connection with the recapitalization transaction in August 1998.
In May 1999,
Private Business completed its IPO and private placement and used approximately
$38.4 million of the proceeds to reduce long-term debt.

         
Minority interest.
Minority interest consisted of the share of earnings
of Private Business Insurance allocated to its minority shareholders.
Concurrent
with the closing of the recapitalization transaction completed in August 1998,
Private Business purchased the minority interest in Private Business Insurance;
therefore, no minority interest was incurred during 1999.

         
Income tax provision.
The income tax provision was $1.6 million for the
year ended December 31, 1999, compared to a tax benefit of $2.6 million for the
year ended December 31, 1998.
This change was a result of the conversion from an
S Corporation to a C Corporation during 1998.
The 1998 tax benefit consisted of
a benefit recorded at the time of conversion of $1.1 million and a benefit of
$2.0 million for the net operating loss incurred during the C Corporation period
in 1998 offset by a state income tax provision of $451,000 during the 1998 S
Corporation period.
The 1999 tax provision includes a $1.3 million tax benefit
accruing to the C Corporation based on the final 1998 S Corporation tax return
filed in 1999.
This benefit has been recognized as additional equity that the S
Corporation shareholders contributed to the C Corporation.

         
Extraordinary item.
The extraordinary item represents the after tax
write-off of a portion of the unamortized debt issuance costs in the amount of
$418,000 as a result of paying down approximately $38.4 million in long-term
debt using proceeds from the Private Business IPO and private placement in May
1999 and cash from operations.


LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

         Primary sources of capital for Private Business have historically been
cash provided by operations and investment from shareholders.
During 2000,
operating activities provided cash of $9.1 million while $6.2 million in cash
was expended for investing activities primarily for purchases of furniture,
fixtures, equipment and software development.
Cash used in financing activities
totaled $7.0 million for 2000, which consisted of repayments of long-term debt
partially offset by proceeds from the employee stock purchase plan and the
exercise of employee stock options.

         
On May 26, 1999, the Private Business IPO and private placement of
common stock was completed.
1,667,500 shares were issued in the IPO and 250,000
shares in the private placement at an offering price of $24.00 per share.
As a
result of the IPO, all preferred stock and accrued dividends on the preferred
stock were converted into common shares.
The net proceeds of approximately $42.2
million were used to pay down the revolver and a portion of the term loans under
a credit facility.

         
In April of 1999, Private Business entered into an agreement to sell a
plot of land for $1.4 million, consisting of a note receivable of approximately
$1.0 million and $400,000 in cash, adjacent to its headquarters in a sale-lease
back transaction.
A building was constructed which houses the Private Business
Service Center.
Capital expenditures of $6.2 million and $3.1 million for 2000
and 1999, respectively, were used primarily for computer hardware and software
products, leasehold improvements and furniture related to the Service Center.

Private Business currently estimates that total capital expenditures for 2001
will be approximately $2.0 to $4.0 million primarily for hardware and software
improvements to in-house computer systems.

         
The Private Business credit facility includes term loans with current
balances of $18.1 million and $28.0 million, and also provides for a revolving
line of credit in the amount of $15.0 million, including a $3.0 million sublimit
for swing line advances and a $2.0 million sublimit for standby letters of
credit.
The credit facility bears interest in accordance with a grid pricing
formula based on the achievement of various financial ratios.
The formula calls
for advances to bear interest ranging from 1.00% to 2.50% above prime rate or
2.25% to 3.75% above the Eurodollar rate.
The facility also includes a provision
requiring early payment on the term loans if excess cash, as defined in the
credit agreement, is on hand at year-end.
At December 31, 2000, no excess cash
payments were required.

         
The $18.1 million term loan is generally repayable in quarterly
installments which increase annually from $864,000 beginning December 31, 2000
to $1.4 million beginning December 31, 2003 until maturity (August 7, 2004).
The
$28.0 million term loan is repayable in equal quarterly installments of $72,000
until December 31, 2004, at which time the required quarterly payments increase
to $3.2 million until December 31, 2005 and $4.2 million until maturity (August
7, 2006).
The revolver bears an annual commitment fee and matures August 7,
2004.
As of December 31, 2000, Private Business had $18.1 million outstanding at
8.97%, $28.0 million outstanding at 9.75%, and no outstanding draws against the
revolver or letters of credit.

         
The credit facility is secured by a pledge of all of the Private
Business assets, imposes financial covenants and requirements and contains
limitations on the ability to sell material assets, redeem capital stock and pay
cash dividends, among other actions.
Effective for the quarter ending March 31,
2001, the financial covenants imposed by the credit facility increase
significantly, which could result in violations of certain of these covenants.

On March 30, 2001, Private Business obtained an amendment to the credit facility
which amends the financial covenants for all future periods.
Private Business
expects to be in compliance with these amended covenants throughout 2001.

         
As of December 31, 2000, Private Business had a working capital deficit
of approximately $1.8 million compared to working capital of approximately $1.5
million as of December 31, 1999.
The change in working capital resulted
primarily from decreases in cash and accrued liabilities partially offset by
decreases in accounts receivable.
The decrease in cash was primarily due to the
early payments made during 2000 on long-term debt of approximately $4.3 million.

Private Business believes that the existing cash available and future operating
cash flows will be sufficient to meet working capital, debt service and capital
expenditure requirements for the next twelve months.
Private Business may, in
the future, acquire businesses or products complementary to its business,
although it is not certain that any such acquisitions will be made.
The need for
cash to finance additional working capital or to make acquisitions may cause
Private Business to seek additional equity or debt financing.
It is not certain
that such financing will be available, or that the need for higher levels of
working capital will not have a material adverse effect on the business,
financial condition or results of operations.


RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENT

         In June 1998, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued SFAS No.
133, Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities, effective, as
amended, for fiscal years beginning after June 15, 2000.
SFAS No. 133
establishes accounting and reporting standards for derivative instruments and
hedging activities.
It requires all derivatives to be recognized in the balance
sheet and to be measured at fair value.
Private Business adopted the provisions
of SFAS No. 133 effective January 1, 2001, which had no effect on its
consolidated financial statements.


SEASONALITY

         Private Business has generally realized lower revenues and income in
the first quarter and, to a lesser extent, in the second quarter of the year.
It
is believed that this is primarily due to a general slowdown in economic
activity following the fourth quarter's holiday season and, more specifically, a
decrease in purchased receivables by client banks.
Therefore, Private Business
acknowledges that period-to-period comparisons of operating results are not
necessarily meaningful and that such comparison cannot be relied upon as
indicators of future performance.
Due to the relatively fixed nature of costs
such as personnel, facilities and equipment costs, a revenue decline in a
quarter will typically result in lower profitability for that quarter.


INFLATION

         Private Business does not believe that inflation has had a material
effect on results of operations.
There can be no assurance, however, that
Private Business will not be affected by inflation in the future.

           
QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

         Private Business is subject to market risk from exposure to changes in
interest rates based on our financing and cash management activities.
Private
Business's exposure relates primarily to our long-term debt obligations which
expire in 2004 and 2006.
In the event that interest rates associated with these
debt obligations were to increase 100 basis points, the impact on future cash
flows would be approximately $461,000.

                  
CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS
                     ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

         None.

                              
DESCRIPTION OF TOWNE

                                    BUSINESS

GENERAL

         Towne Services, Inc. provides services and products that process sales
and payment information and related financing transactions for businesses and
banks in the United States.
Towne delivers these services and products online
via an electronic hub, or gateway, that links business and bank customers with
Towne and other providers of products and services that can benefit these
customers.
Towne uses this electronic gateway to deliver a variety of business
and management solutions using internet and telecommunication connections.
Towne
also provides these solutions through its proprietary software housed at its
clients' locations.

         
The primary business capabilities Towne offers its customers include a
virtual credit card system and merchandise forecasting system.
Towne's virtual
credit card system processes the in-house credit transactions of businesses and
includes an automated receivables management system that allows banks to quickly
finance the working capital needs of their business customers.
Towne's
merchandise forecasting system, or RMSA Merchandise Planning service, processes
sales and inventory transactions of retailers, giving them greater control over
inventory levels and the ability to make better inventory purchase decisions,
improve cash flow and improve operating margins.

         
Towne offers the following automated business management systems: (a)

TOWNE CREDIT(R), which processes consumer credit transactions for small and
medium size businesses; (b) TOWNE FINANCE(R) and CASHFLOW MANAGER(SM), which
process business-to-business credit transactions for commercial businesses; and
(c) RMSA(R) Merchandise Planning service, which processes sales and inventory
transactions and provides merchandising information for specialty retail stores.

Through the use of Towne's online services and products, Towne's business
customers are able to:

         -        use the internet to conduct business electronically;

         -        accelerate cash flow;

         -        develop and implement retail marketing plans;

         -        improve customer services;

         -        improve retail merchandising strategies; and

         -        automate their records, reduce paperwork and shift other
                  administrative burdens to Towne.


Towne's systems also benefit its bank customers who can:

         -        receive secure, reliable and prompt information;

         -        closely monitor customer accounts;

         -        generate status reports;

         -        finance the accounts receivable of their business customers;
                  and

         -        generate fee income and potential new customers.

         
Towne's electronic processing systems enable businesses to offer
in-house credit to their customers at costs comparable to traditional credit
card transactions.
As with credit card transactions, the business pays a
discount fee to the bank on each transaction.
The business's customer pays fees
to the bank for amounts owed by the customer for purchases made on in-house
credit, and, in some instances, pays interest to the bank.
The discount fees and
interest create a pool of funds from which Towne collects its transaction fees.

The remaining amounts generate fee income for the bank.
Towne also generates
revenue by charging its business and bank customers initial set-up fees.

         
Towne's merchandise planning and point of sale systems enable business
customers to compete with larger chain retailers by providing automated
processing and business management capabilities similar to those used by larger
companies.
Towne generates revenue from these systems by charging initial set-up
and recurring monthly service fees.


TOWNE'S MARKET

         Towne provides its products and services to businesses that extend
in-house credit to their customers and to the banks these businesses use.
Towne
believes that the electronic transaction processing industry generally has not
offered its business customers a way to process their in-house credit
transactions electronically, focusing instead on credit and debit card
transactions.

         
A variety of small and medium size businesses use the TOWNE CREDIT
system, including hardware stores, clothing stores, auto parts stores and
pharmacies.
Towne markets the TOWNE FINANCE and CASHFLOW MANAGER products and
services to commercial businesses, such as furniture manufacturers, equipment
distributors, plumbing suppliers and other industry supply stores.
Towne markets
the RMSA Merchandise Planning service to small and medium size independent
specialty retail businesses, such as men's and women's apparel stores, sporting
goods stores, golf pro shops, shoe stores and college bookstores.

         
Many of these businesses process a large portion of their sales using
in-house credit and use labor-intensive manual processes and products to run
their businesses.
These credit receivables are generally collected manually
through a month-end billing process.
Towne believes that the manual billing and
collections process utilized by many businesses is highly inefficient, causing
them to carry excess receivables and bad debts.
In addition, because of the
difficulties in tracking and managing receivables from this manual process,
banks have been reluctant to finance these businesses based on their
receivables.
Towne's processing systems allow businesses to automate many of
their manual business tasks including the processing of in-house accounts,
payment processing and bad debt collections.
Towne's processing systems also
permit banks to provide financing for these businesses based upon their
receivables.

         
In addition, most small businesses face difficulties competing with
larger businesses due to their more limited resources.
They generally do not
have large office staffs to perform essential management functions and do not
have efficient practices and procedures to track their inventory and sale
information.
Towne's merchandise planning and transaction systems use
sophisticated software to assist retailers in the day-to-day management of their
businesses.
By using Towne's products and systems, businesses can improve their
profitability by effectively managing their day-to-day operations, including
markups, markdowns, proper flow of receipts and transactions.
By improving a
business's efficiency, Towne's systems can also help improve its customers' cash
flow.


TOWNE'S STRATEGIES

         Towne's goal is to become one of the leading providers of electronic
commerce business solutions for small and medium size businesses in the United
States.
Towne plans to attain this goal by implementing the following key
business strategies:

  
Maximize Electronic Gateway to Customers

         When a business customer installs TOWNE CREDIT and TOWNE FINANCE, it
establishes an electronic gateway that links it with Towne, the business's bank
and other companies that provide products and services that can benefit its
operations.
Towne intends to maximize this distribution channel by developing,
acquiring and implementing the business and management tools that businesses
need to succeed in an electronic commerce marketplace.

  
Expand Direct Sales and Marketing Efforts
Nationwide

         As of March 23, 2001, Towne had 103 direct sales representatives in 41
states performing sales and marketing tasks.
Of this total, five persons are
dedicated to developing bank customer relationships and 98 persons are focused
on developing business customers.

  Continue to Leverage Bank Relationships

         Towne has relationships with businesses and organizations that have
large numbers of banks and businesses as their customers.
In addition, Towne's
executive officers and directors have extensive experience in the electronic
processing and financial services industries, and several members of the board
of directors have experience in the management of banks or companies that have
banks as customers.
Through these relationships, Towne believes it attracts
customers that would be difficult to reach through traditional marketing
methods.


SEGMENT INFORMATION

         Towne's operations are organized along its product and services lines
and include two segments - accounts receivable and inventory.
Towne accounts for
segment reporting under SFAS No. 131, "Disclosures about Segments of an
Enterprise and Related Information."
See note 2 of Notes to Towne's consolidated
financial statements.


PRODUCTS AND SERVICES

         Towne designs its products and services to be simple to use, fast and
reliable.
Towne's automated processing systems, TOWNE CREDIT and TOWNE FINANCE,
process in-house credit transactions for businesses in much the same way as
credit card transactions are processed.
The CASHFLOW MANAGER system is similar
to the TOWNE FINANCE system except that commercial business customers manually
transmit their transaction information to their banks for processing.
Towne's
RMSA Merchandise Planning service processes sales and inventory transactions and
organizes merchandise information for specialty retail stores.

  
Towne Credit

         TOWNE CREDIT is an automated transaction processing system designed for
consumer-based credit transactions conducted by businesses.
The system uses
remote point of sale terminals and communications networks to capture and
transmit transaction data and generate a "virtual credit card" account funded by
a business's bank.
A typical in-house credit transaction for Towne's business
customer is processed through TOWNE CREDIT as follows:

                  Step 1: The participating business sells goods or services on
         an in-house account.

                  
Step 2: The business enters sales information at the point of
         sale into an electronic cash register or computer terminal loaded with
         Towne's proprietary computer software.

                  
When a customer makes a purchase on account, a store clerk
         records the transaction on a point of sale terminal.
The PC-based
         terminal stores names and addresses of customers, account balances and
         payment activity, which the business owner can retrieve quickly at the
         point of sale.
The TOWNE CREDIT system captures the transaction data,
         including dollar amount and customer information, for use in billing,
         tracking inventory and generating sales and tax reports.

                  
Step 3: The business closes out its daily transactions and
         electronically transmits transaction data to Towne through the computer
         system across the internet or telecommunications lines.

                  
Step 4: Towne processes the data, calculates receivables,
         performs other accounting functions and transmits reports
         electronically to the business and its bank upon request by the next
         business day.

                  
On a daily basis, the business owner or manager transmits the
         sales activity by batch to Towne's computer processing center across an
         ordinary telephone line or internet connection.
Towne's customer
         communication software supports a wide range of business customers,
         including those in rural areas.
Towne's systems process data from
         purchase transactions, calculate receivables, post these transactions
         and perform other accounting functions automatically, and its systems
         can be programmed to generate daily customized reports.
Towne's network
         systems then transmit reports to businesses and their banks by the
         business day following receipt of transaction data.

                  
Step 5: The bank retrieves the sales and payment information
         and advances funds to the business's bank account based upon pre-set
         lending terms.

                  
Step 6: Towne bills the business's customer, collects and
         processes the customer's payment and transmits payment information to
         the bank for credit to the business's bank account.

                  
The bank that serves the business usually offers a line of
         credit, in which case the bank funds the prior day's sales at discounts
         similar to those in major credit card transactions.
Through a graphic
         interface with Towne's communications server, the bank has daily access
         to the information it needs to finance the business's accounts
         receivable.
TOWNE CREDIT works as a supplement to the bank's current
         loan processing systems and creates the general ledger account entries
         necessary for the bank to account for the line of credit loans to the
         business.
Towne assumes no credit risk from business customers in these
         transactions.

         
With TOWNE CREDIT, many administrative burdens of running a business
are outsourced to Towne.
Towne generates and prints statements and sends them to
the businesses' customers.
A national bank as Towne's agent maintains an
automated lock box through which payments can be received.
If a customer chooses
to pay the business directly when he or she receives the bill, the business
owner records that payment in a point of sale terminal to be processed
electronically on Towne's system.
The system allows businesses to quickly track
account balances and payment history and verify customer transaction information
by checking the receivables reports generated or, if needed, by dialing into
Towne's processing network to verify or update information.

         
Towne also settles payments for its customers.
Towne transmits, upon
request, transaction information directly to the bank and arranges for funds to
be transferred from the automated lock box via Automated Clearing House to the
bank.
Funds are then transferred to the business's bank account via the bank's
internal deposit system.

         
Through TOWNE CREDIT, businesses are able to receive accelerated
funding for in-house charge accounts and eliminate costly and inefficient manual
processing.
Sales also may be enhanced by the business's ability to offer
finance options, such as sales on account, to its customers.
The bank that
serves the business is able to generate fee income in the form of transaction
discounts and may profit from interest-bearing consumer credit accounts.

  
Towne Finance

         Towne's automated asset management and financing software system, TOWNE
FINANCE, is a commercial version of TOWNE CREDIT that addresses
business-to-business credit transactions.
TOWNE FINANCE facilitates accounts
receivable financing for commercial businesses by allowing these businesses and
their banks to better manage and control assets that fluctuate in value.
With
TOWNE FINANCE, businesses have the ability to convert invoices to the cash they
need to finance their ongoing operations.

         
Using TOWNE FINANCE, banks can assign percentage values to specific
assets of their business customers, such as accounts receivable, inventory, real
estate, furniture, fixtures and equipment.
By assigning these values, banks can
develop a risk-based formula for lending to their business customers.
TOWNE
FINANCE tracks the accounts receivable, maintains a parallel aging of the
accounts and allows the bank to control advances and pay downs based on daily
activity of new sales and account payments.
The system supports discretionary
lines of credit as well as automatic daily funding of eligible assets.
TOWNE
FINANCE works as a supplement to the banks' current loan processing systems and
creates the general ledger account entries necessary for banks to account for
these asset-based loans.

         
Once a bank customer agrees to use TOWNE FINANCE, the bank must approve
a credit line for the customer.
After credit is established, Towne loads
historical invoice data onto its host computer.
The bank specifies a set of
standards at the processing level and assigns a loan officer to monitor the
credit as it would any other loan.
Towne then takes over the statement rendering
and remittance processing functions for the bank much like it does for TOWNE
CREDIT.
Access to an automated lock box allows the bank to control the payments
associated with the accounts and apply the payments to the outstanding loan
balance.
After payments are received, Towne processes the payments and transmits
funds electronically to the customers' operating account at the bank.

         
The bank provides a line of credit that is controlled using TOWNE
FINANCE daily processing and reporting functions.
The bank retains all credit
and funding responsibility and Towne provides a specialized sales force, back
room processing and monitoring services.
TOWNE FINANCE allows banks to provide a
cost effective accounts receivable financing program for its commercial
customers.
Banks using TOWNE FINANCE gain fee income on advances of funds, net
of all processing expenses, and strengthen relationships with business customers
that have experienced cash flow problems or that might have otherwise turned to
non-traditional lenders.

  
CashFlow Manager

         The CASHFLOW MANAGER system is an asset management system that also
addresses business-to-business credit transactions.
The software program enables
the banks that service commercial businesses to better manage and control assets
that fluctuate in value so they can make lending decisions with respect to these
assets.
CASHFLOW MANAGER transaction processing occurs in much the same way as
TOWNE FINANCE processing, except that the commercial business manually transmits
the information for processing.

         
The CASHFLOW MANAGER system uses special deposit tickets to batch
process invoices turned into the bank.
The CASHFLOW MANAGER system provides
general ledger reports that help the bank manually interface with the bank's
general ledger system.
At the end of the month, statements are sent to the
business's customer directing payments to the bank's lock box.
The bank
typically advances funds on all of the business's accounts receivable and
adjusts the reserve percentage after the month-end close period.
Any excess
reserves are deposited into the business's operating account after the month-end
reconciliation.

         
With CASHFLOW MANAGER, banks generate income from the discount fee
charged from each batch of receivables advanced, interest charged either to the
merchant, the merchant's customers, or both parties and spread income generated
from the reserve account.
The bank provides multiple services to the borrower by
establishing a loan account, operating account and restricted reserve account,
as well as by implementing the CASHFLOW MANAGER program.
The restricted reserve
account and the receivables act as collateral in addition to other collateral
that may be required by the bank.

  
RMSA Merchandise Planning

         Towne develops each customized RMSA Merchandise Plan using a
combination of data supplied by the customer coupled with proprietary business
models.
The RMSA Merchandise Plan enables Towne's business customers to manage
inventory at the classification level, such as women's blouses or men's suits.

Towne needs four basic pieces of information about each class of merchandise
offered by the business: sales, markdowns, merchandise received and merchandise
on order but not yet delivered.
This data is collected monthly and transmitted
to Towne's computer systems, which also house historical information such as
sales, markdowns and merchandise receipts for each individual business customer.

Merchandise planning models for the particular industry, geographical region,
season and other current business trends are also incorporated into each RMSA
Merchandise Plan.
The RMSA Merchandise Plan is then provided to Towne's retail
business customers electronically or via hard copy, at their option.

         
Towne's Merchandise Planning customers receive on a monthly basis:

         -        the current month's sales forecast and a rolling forecast up
                  to ten months into the future;

         -        a review of markdowns, timing of deliveries and the other
                  factors needed to achieve optimal sales;

         -        analysis of sales history for missed opportunities;

         -        a review of current profitable sales trends; and

         -        specific information so clients know how much to buy and when
                  to receive it.

  
The Charter System

         The Charter System uses sophisticated point-of-sale software to assist
retailers in the day-to-day management of their business.
The Charter System
also enables Towne to easily collect the data necessary to develop the RMSA
Merchandise Plan.

         
The Charter System operates as a stand-alone system separate from the
RMSA Merchandise Plan.
Clients have the opportunity to purchase or lease the
Charter System software.
With this software, a client receives a point of sale
system with features that provide a full range of capabilities to track
inventory and perform simple or sophisticated transactions quickly and
efficiently.
The Charter System allows Towne's business customers to work with
data at the stock keeping unit, or SKU, or summary levels and provides specific
recommendations on what merchandise to re-order, markdown and transfer.

         
The Charter System can track merchandise on many attributes including
style, size, vendor, color and other SKU categories.
The sales and inventory
report that can be generated by the Charter System enables the retailer to
determine what inventory is selling quickly and what inventory is moving slowly.

This retail purchase order management system provides a complete overview of
merchandise on hand and on order.
It also provides comprehensive customer
profiles designed to enable the retailer to collect detailed information ranging
from vendor preferences to customers' birthdays.


ANCILLARY SERVICES AND NEW PRODUCTS

         Towne provides an array of value-added services in connection with its
processing systems, including:

         Collection Services.
Towne's processing systems help its customers
identify delinquent accounts.
Towne maintains an agreement with Credit
Collection Services of Georgia, a national collections firm, that enables its
customers to have on-line access to professional debt collection services.
Towne
maintains an electronic interface with Credit Collection Services so account
information is readily delivered to assist in collecting past due amounts.

         
Document Imaging and Archiving Products.
Towne began offering
AUGUSTA(TM) and EzVIEW VAULT(TM) after its July 1999 acquisition of Imaging
Institute, Inc.
Both products are imaging software and equipment that offer
unique and functional document imaging and archiving solutions tailored for
small to medium size businesses.
The AUGUSTA product is an active file folder
document imaging system designed for small to medium size organizations.
It is
designed to quickly scan, file, and retrieve documents electronically.
With
EzVIEW VAULT, documents are quickly scanned onto the Mastering Station, saved in
electronic "folders," and finally archived permanently onto a CD-ROM disc.
Each
disc also contains a self-running Windows viewing module that will allow the
viewing, printing, and faxing of documents from any Windows-based computer with
a CD-ROM drive.

         
Towne plans to design and develop new and improved products and
services that business customers can access through its electronic gateway to
help automate their businesses and provide better service to their clients.

Towne also plans to enter new agreements and relationships with other companies
and organizations to give its customers access to a variety of other business
management tools.
Towne has in the past and may again in the future offer
processing services to companies providing lease financing.


SALES AND MARKETING

         Towne employs three distinct sales forces to market its products and
services.
The bank sales force focuses on developing relationships with banks
through which TOWNE CREDIT, TOWNE FINANCE and CASHFLOW MANAGER are marketed to
business customers.
Towne's business representatives call on business customers
of banks that have contracted with it, as well as other businesses who might use
Towne's products.
Towne also employs a direct sales force, its analysts, to
market its products and services that process inventory, accounts receivable and
point of sale transaction information for retail businesses.
These analysts play
the dual roles of being business consultants for Towne's existing customers and
salespeople who promote Towne's products and services to potential new
customers.

         
In addition to direct sales, Towne also markets TOWNE CREDIT, TOWNE
FINANCE and CASHFLOW MANAGER through several strategic alliances that have
businesses and banks across the United States as their

customers or members.
These alliances enable Towne to reach and provide services
to large groups of banks and businesses in new geographic markets.
Towne will
continue to pursue additional alliances with companies and organizations that
will provide it access to large groups of banks and businesses nationwide such
as bankers' banks, trade associations and merchant franchise operations.

         
Towne mainly markets its RMSA Merchandise Planning service by focusing
on lead generation.
Towne achieves this lead generation primarily through
referrals, direct mail, trade shows and educational seminars.
Towne also markets
its RMSA Merchandise Planning service through alliances with associations in
many of the industries that it services.
Towne's alliances promote its RMSA
Merchandise Planning services while improving business performance for members
of the respective associations.
Towne's association alliances include, for the
college bookstore industry, the Independent College Bookstores Association, for
the Christian bookstore industry, the Parable Group, and several golf
organizations, including Marriott Properties and Club Corporation of America.

These relationships are designed to expose association members to Towne's RMSA
Merchandise Planning services.

         
Towne has used its board members' and senior managers' expertise and
contacts to develop relationships with banks and banking organizations.
Towne
believes that endorsements by local bankers are the most effective sales tools
to reach their businesses.
Banks often have longstanding relationships with
their business customers and provide immediate credibility and access for
Towne's products and services.
Towne believes that its relationships with banks
enable it to attract business customers that would be difficult and expensive to
reach when employing traditional marketing methods.


RECRUITING AND TRAINING

         Towne hires sales personnel who are experienced in marketing products
and services to banks and businesses.
In recruiting experienced sales personnel,
Towne focuses on hiring people who have established relationships with banks and
businesses in a particular market.
Towne has a full-time employee responsible
for recruiting bank and business representatives.
Towne has developed and
implemented an intensive five-week training program for its sales force.
The
first week of training focuses on overviews of Towne's policies and procedures
as well as an introduction to all of Towne's products.
During the first week,
Towne also instructs its new sales representatives on pricing of the products to
customer banks and businesses.
The second week focuses on sales skill training
with detailed product and pricing training.
This week ends with product sales
presentations and role playing.
The third and fourth weeks consist of field
training, in which the sales representative travels with a seasoned sales
representative to observe sales calls and presentations.
The fifth week
addresses strategic product presentations, leadership and management training
and new account set-up.
The sales representatives then return to their
respective territories to begin selling.


TECHNOLOGY

         Towne's automated electronic processing systems communicate data to and
from remote customer locations and its computer processing center in Suwanee,
Georgia.
Towne uses its proprietary technologies together with third party
telecommunications networks to transmit and process transaction data for its
customers.
Transactions are interactively processed and returned to the sending
system.
Towne's systems can use telephone lines and internet connections to
transport transaction data, which allows Towne to access customers located
across the country.

         
Towne designed its communications systems to support a large number of
telecommunications lines and high volumes of data traffic.
This configuration is
scalable, allowing Towne to add new servers and new communications lines as
needed without having to rebuild its communications system.
Towne's
communications servers process multiple data protocols.
This allows Towne to
service a wide range of customers without requiring them to change the
communications systems they currently use.

         
Towne's communications and processing system servers can manage data
traffic across multiple time zones as well as balance both client/server and
on-line batch mode processing loads.
This "cluster processing" uses multiple
servers that work in tandem.
A bank of processors work in a shared network
environment to co-process reporting jobs.
The host processing system is also
scalable.

         
Towne designed its systems using software and hardware capable of
interacting with the variety of operating platforms used by Towne's customers,
including client/server and mainframe operating systems.
Towne has developed

software to support a wide range of operating systems used by its customers.

Towne's transaction reporting software is not hardware dependent, which allows
it to change its equipment to take advantage of the most recent technologies in
its operations.
This could include a complete change-over of operating systems
and/or hardware.
The CASHFLOW MANAGER system is single- or multi-user capable.

         
Towne's computer processing system stores data redundantly at both the
customer terminal location and at Towne's processing center.
Potential service
interruptions are minimized by hosting the client's data on multiple servers and
locations so that no single hardware failure would result in service
interruption.
In addition, Towne keeps mirror servers on location, creates daily
digital backup tapes and stores them offsite.
Although Towne believes that its
system configuration and disaster recovery measures adequately protect it
against system failures that may occur due to destruction of its processing
center, natural disasters or other loss or impairment of its network
capabilities, a failure of Towne's system, or the failure of Towne's
telecommunications providers to supply the necessary services, could negatively
affect Towne's business and financial results and harm its reputation.


CUSTOMERS

         As of December 31, 2000, Towne provided processing services to a
diverse customer base of 3,453 small and medium size retail merchants and
commercial businesses located in all 50 states as well as the District of
Columbia.
Towne had 3,366 retail merchants and commercial business customers as
of February 28, 2001.
A variety of businesses use the TOWNE CREDIT system,
including hardware stores, clothing stores, auto parts stores and pharmacies.

TOWNE FINANCE and CASHFLOW MANAGER products and services are marketed to
commercial businesses, such as furniture manufacturers, equipment distributors,
plumbing suppliers and agricultural supply stores.
In addition, Towne markets
its RMSA Merchandise Planning service to small to medium size independent
specialty retail businesses, such as men's and women's apparel stores, sporting
goods stores, golf pro shops, shoe stores and college bookstores.

         
As of December 31, 2000, Towne had executed 789 contracts with banks in
36 states.
Most of Towne's current bank customers have asset sizes of $2 billion
or less.
As of February 28, 2001, Towne had executed 792 contracts with banks.

These bank customers market Towne's products and services to businesses in their
communities.

         
The majority of Towne's contracts with its customers are cancelable at
will or on short notice or provide for renewal at frequent periodic intervals,
and, accordingly, Towne may have to rebid or modify such contracts on a frequent
basis.
Because Towne's customer base is relatively diverse and includes
thousands of businesses and hundreds of banks, it does not rely on any single
business or bank for a significant portion of its revenue.
No single business
customer accounted for more than 1.0% of Towne's total revenues in 2000.
No
single bank customer accounted for more than 3.0% of Towne's total revenues in
2000.
Towne does not anticipate that one or more new customers will account for
large portions of the set-up fee revenues generated for particular quarters in
which the underlying contracts are signed.

         
Towne's aggregate overseas sales represent only 1% of its overall
sales.
For the year ended December 31, 2000, Towne's sales to countries outside
of North America totaled $336,536, primarily to Malaysia and Taiwan.
No
individual foreign customer accounted for more than 1% of Towne's total revenues
in 2000.


CUSTOMER SERVICE

         Towne's products are supported by the following levels of customer
service.
Each customer bank provides first line customer service support to the
businesses on accounting and loan-related issues, and Towne provides a help desk
for technical support for its network systems and terminals.
Towne provides many
service features to its businesses, including toll-free customer service and
terminal support during business hours and on an emergency basis, 48-hour
hardware replacement, turnkey installation and training for new businesses and
flexible reporting capabilities.
As part of its ongoing service, Towne assigns a
business specialist to each bank who helps structure and market to prospects
selected by the bank.
Towne attempts to establish long-term relationships
through the continued support and interaction of its professional account
managers and consultants.

         
Towne assigns a support specialist to each client and field
representative to service and maintain its RMSA Merchandise Planning service.

The support specialist is responsible for complete set-up of new client
information,

including all historical data, classification set-up with start-up factors and
annual rate and profile information, and for the processing of monthly data for
entry into the RMSA Merchandise Plan.
Towne's support staff communicates with
clients and analysts about the need for specific basic monthly information and
explains monthly reports and client information.

         
Towne's Charter System product is supported by a staff of trained
individuals who provide help desk technical support to all clients and analysts
using the Charter System software.
They are responsible for insuring ongoing
operation of the applications as intended and monitoring clients closely.
Towne
provides training for new clients on site and off site in all applications and
procedures for its Charter System products, and Towne fully trains all of its
new field representatives.

         
Towne's staff of client representatives trains customers on the use of
its processing system and hardware at the customer location.
Customer service
representatives provide technical support for all of Towne's products and
services through a call-in support center available during normal business
hours.
After hours, customers can reach Towne's technical support personnel by
pager.


COMPETITION

         Many companies provide online processing products and services.
In
addition, many other companies market business-to-business software and
marketing support to banks that allows the banks to track and finance the
in-house charge accounts of their customers similar to a factoring operation.

Most of these competitors do not offer a point of sale system, but rather
require businesses to forward paper invoices to the banks where bank personnel
input the invoices onto the software purchased by the banks.

         
The electronic transaction processing industry is intensely
competitive.
Increased competition is likely from both existing competitors and
new entrants into Towne's future markets.
Towne may not be able to compete
successfully as other companies develop new products and services, decrease
prices, improve customer service and hire additional personnel.
Competitors may
offer new products and services resulting in greater competition and lower
market share for Towne.
Some of Towne's competitors have longer operating
histories, greater name recognition, larger customer bases and substantially
greater resources than Towne has.
Competitors may be able to adapt more quickly
to new technologies and changes in customer requirements and may also be able to
devote greater resources to marketing.

         
Towne faces limited organized competition in the area of inventory
management.
To Towne's knowledge, there are several competitors that provide
forecasting and planning service to retailers that are similar to Towne's RMSA
Merchandise Planning service.

         
Towne's Charter System product has numerous competitors on the national
and regional level, several of which offer more advanced solutions that allow
them to garner significant market share.
Several of these competitors also offer
e-commerce and accounting modules in addition to services comparable to Towne's
Charter System product.


TRADEMARKS AND OTHER PROPRIETARY RIGHTS

         Towne operates under the following trademarks and service marks: TOWNE
SERVICES(R), TOWNE CREDIT(R), TOWNE FINANCE(R), RMSA(R), and CASHFLOW
MANAGER(SM).

         
Towne attempts to protect itself through a combination of copyright
law, trademark and trade secret laws, employee and third party confidentiality
agreements and other methods.
Towne does not have patents on its systems and
products.

         
Unauthorized parties may attempt to copy aspects of Towne's technology,
products and services or to otherwise obtain and use information that Towne
regards as proprietary, despite Towne's efforts to protect them.
Third parties
may claim that Towne's current or future products and services infringe their
patent, copyright or trademark rights.
No assurance can be given that, if such
actions or claims are brought, Towne will ultimately prevail.
Any such claims,
whether with or without merit, could be costly and time consuming, cause delays
in introducing new or

improved products and services, require Towne to enter royalty or licensing
agreements or discontinue using the challenged technology and otherwise could
have a material adverse effect on Towne's business and financial results.


EMPLOYEES

         At March 23, 2001, Towne had 226 full-time employees of which 103 were
in sales and marketing, and 123 were in operations and general administration.

Of these employees, 102 were based in Suwanee, Georgia, and 124 were based in 41
other states.
Management believes that Towne's relationship with its employees
is satisfactory.


SEASONALITY

         The electronic transaction processing industry is prone to seasonal
fluctuations in purchasing activity.
Towne expects its revenues to be higher in
the third and fourth calendar quarters and lower in the first calendar quarter
of each year.
The decline in retail activity following the holiday season
typically results in lower first quarter revenues.


PROPERTIES

         Towne's principal executive offices and its processing center are
located at 3950 Johns Creek Court, Suite 100, Suwanee, Georgia 30024, and its
main telephone number is (678) 475-5200.
Towne leases its Georgia facilities,
which total approximately 41,000 square feet.
Towne owns its 12,000 square foot
building in Riverside, California that houses its RMSA Merchandise Planning
subsidiary.
Towne leases its offices in Bristol, Tennessee; New York, New York;
and Dallas, Texas, which total approximately 8,300 square feet.
Towne believes
that its facilities will be adequate to support its operations for the
foreseeable future.


SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS - REVERSE STOCK SPLIT

         Towne held a special meeting of shareholders on December 20, 2000 to
consider and vote on the adoption and approval of an amendment to its amended
and restated articles of incorporation, which provided for a one-for-five
reverse stock split of the issued and outstanding shares of its common stock.

         
Only shareholders of record at the close date of business on November
22, 2000 were entitled to vote at the special meeting.
Towne solicited proxies
for the meeting pursuant to the Georgia Business Corporation Code, and there was
no solicitation in opposition to management's solicitation.

         
Towne received proxies and ballots from the holders of 22,074,229
shares of its common stock, representing 80% of the outstanding shares of stock.

         
The shareholders approved the amendment to Towne's amended and restated
articles of incorporation with the number of votes specified below:

         Voted For             Voted Against            Abstentions and Broker Non-Votes
         ---------             
-------------            --------------------------------

         21,379,000               677,779                           17,450

             97%                     3%                              0.1%

                        MARKET FOR TOWNE'S COMMON EQUITY
                         AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS

MARKET INFORMATION

         Since Towne's initial public offering in August 1998, its common stock
has traded on the Nasdaq Stock Market's National Market under the symbol TWNE.

As of March 23, 2001, Towne had 328 shareholders of record.

         
To date, Towne has not paid cash dividends on its common stock.
Towne
does not anticipate paying cash dividends on its common stock in the near
future.

         
The following table sets forth the high and low sales price information
for Towne's common stock as reported by Nasdaq, for each full quarterly period
in 1999 and 2000.
The stock prices have been adjusted to reflect the December
20, 2000 one-for-five stock split discussed above.

                                                                
STOCK PRICE
                                                                -----------
                                                             HIGH         LOW
                                                             ----         ---

First Quarter 1999.......................................  $  53.15    $  26.90
Second Quarter 1999......................................     
56.55       35.00
Third Quarter 1999.......................................     
48.15       15.00
Fourth Quarter 1999......................................     22.65        8.15
First Quarter 2000.......................................     25.65        8.75
Second Quarter 2000......................................     10.00        2.95
Third Quarter 2000.......................................      5.30        3.75
Fourth Quarter 2000......................................      4.53        1.00

            SELECTED HISTORICAL FINANCIAL AND OPERATING DATA OF TOWNE

         The following table sets forth selected historical financial and
operating data of Towne as of and for the years ended December 31, 1996, 1997,
1998, 1999, and 2000.
You should read this data along with the historical
financial statements and related notes of Towne included elsewhere in this
document.

                                                                                     YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                                                     ------------------------
                                                                     1996         1997         1998         1999         2000
                                                                     ----         
----         ----         
----         ----
                                                                  (UNAUDITED)

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS DATA:
Revenues .......................................................   $ 11,933     $ 12,897     $ 18,149     $ 29,774     $ 25,276
Costs and expenses:
    Costs of processing, servicing and support .................      
2,692        3,389        4,302        7,338        8,228
    Research and development ...................................        
857          968        1,041          536           --
    Sales and marketing ........................................      
6,791        7,988       13,389       20,014       16,268
    Stock compensation expense .................................        112           --        6,268          145           33
    Employee termination costs .................................         --           --        2,291        1,320          886
    Acquisition expense ........................................         --           --           --        2,343           --
    General and administrative, excluding stock compensation,
      employee termination and acquisition expenses noted
       above ...................................................      
1,677        2,680        5,569       10,947       14,999
                                                                   --------     --------     --------     --------     --------
          Total costs and expenses .............................     12,129       15,025       32,860       42,643       40,414
                                                                   --------     --------     --------     --------     --------
Operating loss .................................................       (196)      (2,128)     (14,711)     (12,869)     (15,138)
                                                                   --------     --------     --------     --------     --------
Other expenses:
    Interest expense (income), net .............................         52          155         (226)        (711)      (1,093)
    
Other expense (income) .....................................          4           (1)          (6)           4        2,755
    Financing costs for stock issued to nonemployees ...........         --           --          323           --           --
                                                                   --------     --------     --------     --------     --------
          Total other expenses .................................         
56          154           91         (707)       1,662
                                                                   --------     --------     --------     --------     --------
    Loss before provision (benefit) from income taxes,
      extraordinary loss on early extinguishment of debt and
      cumulative effect of an accounting change ................   
$   (252)    $ (2,282)    $(14,802)    $(12,162)    $(16,800)
                                                                   --------     --------     --------     --------     --------
    Provision (benefit) for income taxes .......................        182          104          (11)         222          187
    Loss before extraordinary loss on early extinguishment of
      debt and cumulative effect of an accounting change .......   $   (434)    $ (2,386)    $(14,791)    $(12,384)    $(16,987)
                                                                   --------     --------     --------     --------     --------
    Extraordinary loss on early extinguishment of debt .........         --           --          476           --           --
    Cumulative effect of an accounting change ..................         --           --           --        3,183           --
                                                                   --------     --------     --------     --------     --------
Net loss .......................................................   $   (434)    $ (2,386)    $(15,267)    $(15,567)    $(16,987)
                                                                   ========     ========     ========     ========     ========
Preferred stock dividends ......................................         --           --       (5,108)         (94)        (160)
Accretion of warrants with redemption feature ..................         --           --         (692)          --           --
Net loss attributable to common shareholders before
    extraordinary loss and cumulative effect of accounting
    change:
    Basic ......................................................   $   (434)    $ (2,386)    $(20,591)    $(12,478)    $(17,147)
                                                                   ========     ========     ========     ========     ========
    Diluted ....................................................   $   (434)    $ (2,516)    $(20,591)    $(12,478)    $(17,147)
                                                                   ========     ========     ========     ========     ========
Net loss per share attributable to common shareholders before
    extraordinary loss and cumulative effect of accounting
    change:
    Basic ......................................................   $  (0.25)    $  (1.07)    $  (5.91)    $  (2.54)    $  (3.14)
                                                                   ========     ========     ========     ========     ========
    Diluted ....................................................   $  (0.25)    $  (1.13)    $  (5.91)    $  (2.54)    $  (3.14)
                                                                   ========     ========     ========     ========     ========
Net loss attributable to common shareholders:
    Basic ......................................................   $   (434)    $ (2,386)    $(21,067)    $(15,661)    $(17,147)
                                                                   ========     ========     ========     ========     ========
    Diluted ....................................................   $   (434)    $ (2,386)    $(21,067)    $(15,661)    $(17,147)
                                                                   ========     ========     ========     ========     ========
Net loss per share attributable to common shareholders:
    Basic ......................................................   $  (0.25)    $  (1.07)    $  (6.04)    $  (3.19)    $  (3.14)
                                                                   ========     ========     ========     ========     ========
    Diluted ....................................................   $  (0.25)    $  (1.07)    $  (6.04)    $  (3.19)    $  (3.14)
                                                                   ========     ========     ========     ========     ========

    Weighted Average Common Shares Outstanding .................      
1,712        2,231        3,486        4,907        5,467
                                                                   ========     ========     ========     ========     ========

                                                                                   AT DECEMBER 31,
                                                                                   ---------------
                                                               1996          1997        1998          1999         2000
                                                               ----          ----        ----          ----         ----
                                                            (UNAUDITED)

OTHER OPERATING DATA
AT END OF PERIOD:
    Number of sales people.............................           77            86          170          166          100
    Number of bank contracts...........................           17            74          641          823          789
    Number of business customers.......................        1,378         1,492        3,043        3,861        3,453

BALANCE SHEET DATA:
    Working capital....................................     $    815      $  2,638     $ 10,258     $ 21,692     $ 10,197
    Total assets.......................................        4,289         7,200       38,747       57,737       37,174
    Long-term debt, net of current portion.............          197         1,642           55        1,028          771
    Shareholders' equity...............................        1,601         2,722       29,394       48,902       31,389

           MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION
                            AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

         This joint proxy statement/prospectus contains several "forward-looking
statements" concerning Towne's operations, performance, prospects, strategies
and financial condition, including its future economic performance, intent,
plans and objectives and the likelihood of success in developing and expanding
its business.
These statements are based upon a number of assumptions and
estimates which are subject to significant uncertainties, many of which are
beyond the control of Towne.
Words such as "may," "would," "could," "will,"
"expect," "anticipate," "believe," "intend," "plan" and "estimate" are meant to
identify such forward-looking statements.
Those statements involve risks,
uncertainties and assumptions, including industry and economic conditions,
competition and other factors discussed in this and Towne's other filings with
the SEC.
If one or more of this risks or uncertainties materialize or underlying
assumptions prove incorrect, actual outcomes may vary materially from those
indicated.
See "Disclosure Regarding Forward - Looking Statements" at the end of
this section for a description of some of the important factors that may affect
actual outcomes.


OVERVIEW

         Towne provides services and products that process sales and payment
information and related financing transactions for businesses and banks in the
United States.
Towne delivers these services and products online via an
electronic hub, or gateway, that links business and bank customers with the
company and other providers of products and services that can benefit these
customers.
Towne uses this electronic gateway to deliver a variety of business
and management solutions using internet and telecommunication connections.
Towne
also provides these solutions through its proprietary software housed at its
clients' locations.
Towne generates revenues through the deployment and use of
three primary products: TOWNE CREDIT(R), which processes consumer credit
transactions for small and medium size businesses; TOWNE FINANCE(R) and CASHFLOW
MANAGER(SM), which process business-to-business credit transactions for
commercial businesses; and RMSA(R)
Merchandise Planning service, which processes
sales and inventory transactions and provides merchandising information for
specialty retail stores; and ancillary services related to these products.
With
each of these products, Towne generates initial set-up fees, discount fees and
recurring monthly transaction processing fees.
Management believes the prices
charged for both the initial set-up fees and the recurring transaction fees are
based upon the relative fair value of the related services provided.

         
Bank set-up fees include charges for installation, implementation and
training of Towne's bank and business customers.
In response to the issuance of
the SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 101, "Revenue Recognition in Financial
Statements," Towne began recognizing all revenues from set-up fees on a deferred
basis over the estimated life of the contract terms and for certain cancellation
clauses and/or return guarantees until the guarantee period is expired.
The
effects of this change in accounting principle were applied cumulatively as of
the beginning of 1999.
Before the adoption of SAB No. 101, Towne recognized
set-up fees upon execution of the related contract or until guarantee periods
expired.
Set-up fees charged to each bank vary depending on the asset size of
the bank and the number of communities served.
Set-up fees are also charged to
Towne's business customers based either upon a flat rate or upon the expected
transaction volume.

         
With each of Towne's transaction processing products, its business
customer pays a discount fee to its bank equal to a percentage of the value of
each transaction processed.
The business's customer pays fees to the bank for
amounts owed by the customer for purchases made on in-house credit, and in some
instances pays interest to the bank.
Towne generates recurring revenue by
collecting a portion of the discount fee and, if applicable, interest paid on
these accounts, as well as by charging monthly transaction processing fees.

Monthly transaction processing fees include charges for electronic processing,
statement rendering and mailing, settling payments, recording account changes
and new accounts, leasing and selling point of sale terminals, telephone and
software support services, rental fees and collecting debts.

         
Other revenues include non-recurring charges for software license fees,
maintenance agreements, the sale of hardware and equipment and marketing
materials and supplies.

         
Costs of processing, servicing and support include installation costs
for Towne's products and costs related to customer service, information systems
personnel and installation services.

         
Research and development expenses consist of salary and related
personnel costs, including costs for employee benefits, computer equipment and
support services, used in product and technology development.
Most research and
development expenditures are expensed as incurred; however, Towne capitalizes
certain development costs under Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No.
86 when the products reach technological feasibility.

         
Sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of salaries and
commissions, travel expenses, advertising costs, trade show expenses, hiring
costs and costs of marketing materials.
These expenses also include the costs
incurred to develop Towne's indirect marketing channels.

         
On December 20, 2000, Towne effected a one-for-five reverse split of
the issued and outstanding shares of its common stock.
Towne has restated the
offering prices and numbers of shares issued in each transaction below to take
the reverse split into account.

         
In August 1998, Towne completed its initial public offering of its
common stock.
The total proceeds of the IPO, net of underwriting discounts and
offering expenses, were approximately $27.0 million.
Towne issued 770,000 shares
of common stock (3,850,000 shares on a pre-split basis) at an offering price of
$40.00 per share ($8.00 on a pre-split basis).
After the IPO, Towne converted
all outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock to 243,581 shares of common
stock, and warrants for 61,796 shares of common stock were exercised.

         
In December 1998, Towne acquired the outstanding capital stock of
Banking Solutions, Inc., for approximately $14.9 million in cash and stock.

Banking Solutions is a developer and provider of a transaction processing
system, CASHFLOW MANAGER, an accounts receivable financing program similar to
the TOWNE FINANCE product.
In connection with the acquisition of Banking
Solutions, Towne issued 148,886 shares of common stock at $33.65 per share.

Towne paid the remainder of the purchase price in cash.
Towne recorded this
transaction using the purchase method of accounting.
Towne has recorded goodwill
in the amount of $14.6 million as a result of this merger, which is being
amortized over a period of 12 years.

         
In June 1999, Towne completed a public offering of 900,000 shares of
common stock (4,500,000 shares on a pre-split basis) at an offering price to the
public of $35.625 per share ($7.125 on a pre-split basis), and on July 20, 1999,
Towne sold 135,000 shares of common stock (675,000 shares on a pre-split basis)
pursuant to an underwriters' over-allotment provision in connection with this
public offering.
The total proceeds to Towne from the public offering, net of
underwriting discounts and offering expenses, were approximately $32.6 million.

         
In June 1999, Towne acquired Forseon Corporation, a company based in
Riverside, California.
Forseon provides products and services for retail
businesses that process inventory, accounts receivable and point of sale
transaction information and generate merchandise plans and management reports.

Towne issued a total of 415,069 shares of its common stock in exchange for all
outstanding stock and options to acquire stock in Forseon.
The merger was
accounted for as a pooling of interests.
Towne incurred approximately $2.3
million in expenses related to the acquisition of Forseon.

         
In July 1999, Towne acquired all of the issued and outstanding stock of
Imaging Institute, Inc., a Bloomington, Minnesota-based company, for
approximately $1.2 million cash and the issuance of up to 16,203 shares of its
common stock.
Imaging Institute's main products include AUGUSTA and EzVIEW
VAULT(TM), which offer unique and functional document imaging and archiving
solutions tailored for small to medium size businesses.
In connection with the
purchase of Imaging Institute, Towne recorded goodwill in the amount of $1.9
million, which is being amortized over 5 years.

         
For the years ended December 31, 1998, 1999 and 2000, Towne had net
losses of approximately $15.3 million, $15.6 million and $17.0 million,
respectively.
As of December 31, 2000, Towne had an accumulated deficit of $57.0
million, of which $17.1 million related to 2000.
Of this $17.1 million, $5.3
million is related to one-time charges, including $2.7 million in fixed asset
write-offs, $1.3 million related to Imaging Institute goodwill impairment and a
$763,000 writedown of Credit Collection Solutions assets to their net realizable
value.
The deficit for 2000 also included a one time note receivable write off
of $473,000.

         
Towne's total revenues increased from $18.1 million in 1998 to $29.8
million in 1999 and decreased to $25.3 million in 2000.
Towne has experienced
net losses in each of these periods and expects to continue to incur losses for

the foreseeable future.
Towne's prospects must be considered in light of the
risks, expenses and difficulties frequently encountered by companies in an early
stage of development and in relatively new and changing markets.
There can be no
assurance that Towne will be successful in addressing these risks and
difficulties or that it will achieve profitability in the future.

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

         
The following table sets forth Towne's condensed historical operating
information, as a percentage of total revenues, for the periods indicated:

                                                                                                  YEARS ENDED
                                                                                                  DECEMBER 31,
                                                                                                  
------------
                                                                                            1998      1999      2000
                                                                                            ----      
----      ----

Revenues ...............................................................................    100%      100%      100%
   Costs of processing, servicing, and support .........................................     24        25        33
   Research and development ............................................................      
5         2        --
   Sales and marketing .................................................................     
74        67        64
   Stock compensation expense ..........................................................     35        --        --
   Employee termination costs ..........................................................     13         4         4
   Acquisition expense .................................................................     --         8        --
   General and administrative, excluding stock compensation, employee termination and
     acquisition expenses noted above ..................................................     31        37        59
                                                                                           ----      
----      ----
         Total costs and expenses ......................................................    
182       143       160
                                                                                           ----      ----      
----
Operating loss .........................................................................    (81)      (43)      (60)
Interest expense (income), net .........................................................     (1)       (2)       (4)
Other expense (income), net ............................................................     --        --        11
Financing costs for stock issued to nonemployees .......................................      2        --        --
                                                                                           
----      ----      
----
         Total other expenses ..........................................................      
1        (2)        7
                                                                                           ----      
----      ----
Net loss before provision (benefit) from income taxes,
   extraordinary loss and cumulative effect of an accounting change ....................    
(82)%     (41)%     (66)%
                                                                                           ====      ====      ====
Net loss before extraordinary item and cumulative effect of an accounting change .......    (81)%     (42)%     (67)%
                                                                                           ====      ====      ====
Net loss ...............................................................................    (84)%     (52)%     (67)%
                                                                                           ====      ====      ====
Net loss attributable to common shareholders ...........................................   (116)%     (53)%     (68)%
                                                                                           ====      ====      ====

COMPARISON OF YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1999 AND 2000

         Revenues.
Towne's revenues decreased from $29.8 million in 1999 to
$25.3 million in 2000.
During these two periods, recurring revenues accounted
for approximately 73% and 65% of total revenues, respectively.
Set-up fees
accounted for approximately 15% and 24% of total revenues, respectively.
Other
nonrecurring revenues accounted for approximately 12% and 11% of total revenues,
respectively.
The decrease in revenues during these periods is attributed
primarily to a decrease in deferred bank revenues recognized, bank set-up fee
revenue and a decrease in software license fee revenues.

         
Costs of Processing, Servicing and Support.
Costs of processing,
servicing and support increased from $7.3 million in 1999 to $8.2 million in
2000.
These costs were approximately 25% and 33% of total revenues,
respectively, for these two periods.
Costs of processing, servicing and support
increased as a result of additional services and support functions necessary to
support Towne's anticipated growth.
Towne anticipates that these costs will
remain constant as its customer base expands.

         
Research and Development.
Research and development expense for the year
ended December 31, 1999 was approximately $536,000.
This expense represented
approximately 2% of total revenues for this period.
Towne incurred no similar
expense for the year ended December 31, 2000.

         Sales and Marketing.
Sales and marketing expenses decreased from $20.0
million in 1999 to $16.3 million in 2000.
Sales and marketing expenses were
approximately 67% and 64% of total revenues, respectively, during these two
periods.
The decrease in the dollar amount of these expenses is primarily the
result of the decrease in the number of sales personnel, related business travel
expenses, and recruiting expenses to attract new sales employees.

         
Employee Termination Costs.
Employee termination costs decreased from
$1.3 million in 1999 to $886,000 in 2000.
These expenses represented
approximately 4% of total revenues, during these two periods.
In 1999, Towne
recorded $1.3 million relating to severance benefits for two former employees.

The severance benefits consisted of $1.0 million in cash payments and $234,000
related to the early vesting of previously unvested stock options.
In 2000, this
expense decreased due to smaller severance agreements for terminated employees.

         
Acquisition Expense.
Acquisition expense for the year ended December
31, 1999 was approximately $2.3 million, all of which related to the acquisition
of Forseon.
This cost represented approximately 8% of total revenues for this
period.
Towne incurred no similar acquisition expense for the year ended
December 31, 2000.

         
General and Administrative.
General and administrative expenses
increased from $10.9 million in 1999 to $15.0 million in 2000.
These costs
represented approximately 37% and 59% of total revenues, respectively, for these
two periods.
The increase in these expenses was primarily the result of
amortization of expenses relating to acquisitions and the write down of Credit
Collections Solutions and Imaging Institute assets.
Towne anticipates that
general and administrative expenses should decrease due to a reduction in
one-time charges and the implementation of a formal budgetary process with
improved controls.

         
Interest Income, Net.
Towne reported net interest income of $711,000 in
1999 and $1.1 million in 2000.
Net interest income increased as a result of
earnings on investments of cash proceeds received from Towne's second public
offering in June 1999.

         
Income Taxes.
As of December 31, 2000, Towne had net operating loss
carry forwards of approximately $40.5 million for federal tax purposes, which
will expire if not utilized beginning 2011.
Due to changes in Towne's ownership
structure, its use of net operating loss carry forwards as of October 1, 1997 of
approximately $2.5 million will be limited to approximately $550,000 in any
given year to offset future taxes.
In addition, due to Towne's acquisitions
during 1998 and 1999, net operating loss carry forwards of approximately $5.3
million will be limited to approximately $1.6 million in any given year to
offset future taxes.
If Towne does not realize taxable income in excess of the
limitation in future years, certain net operating loss carry forwards will be
unrealizable.


COMPARISON OF YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1998 AND 1999

         Revenues.
Towne's revenues increased from $18.1 million in 1998 to
$29.8 million in 1999.
During these two periods, recurring revenues accounted
for approximately 69% and 73% of total revenues, respectively.
Set-up fees
accounted for approximately 20% and 15% of total revenues, respectively.
Other
nonrecurring revenues accounted for approximately 11% and 12% of total revenues,
respectively.
The increase in revenues during these periods is attributed
primarily to an increase in transaction processing revenues and set-up fees as a
result of the increase in the number of customers.
The increase in other
nonrecurring revenues is primarily a result of an increase in software license
fee revenues of Towne's inventory management, collection works and document
imaging products.

         
Costs of Processing, Servicing and Support.
Costs of processing,
servicing and support increased from $4.3 million in 1998 to $7.3 million in
1999.
These costs were approximately 24% and 25% of total revenues,
respectively, for these two periods.
Costs of processing, servicing and support
increased as a result of additional services and support functions necessary to
support Towne's growth both through the acquisition of new customers and the
acquisition of complementary businesses.
Towne anticipates that these costs will
continue to increase as its customer base expands.

         
Research and Development.
Research and development expenses decreased
from $1.0 million in 1998 to $536,000 in 1999.
Research and development expenses
represented approximately 5% and 2% of total revenues, respectively, during
these two periods.
Research and development costs decreased in 1999 compared to
1998 as a result of Towne's products reaching technological feasibility and
being capitalized in accordance with SFAS 86.
In

addition, Towne did not incur significant costs to make its products year 2000
compliant because its products are currently designed to properly function
through and beyond the year 2000.

         Sales and Marketing.
Sales and marketing expenses increased from $13.4
million in 1998 to $20.0 million in 1999.
Sales and marketing expenses were
approximately 74% and 67% of total revenues, respectively, during these two
periods.
The increase in the dollar amount of these expenses in 1999 was
primarily the result of a significant increase in the number of sales personnel
in remote locations, related business travel expenses, recruiting expenses to
attract new sales employees and increased costs for marketing materials used to
recruit potential bank and business customers.

         
Stock Compensation Expense.
Stock compensation expense was $6.3 million
in 1998 and $145,000 in 1999.
In the first quarter of 1998, Towne sold shares of
common stock and issued options to acquire common stock at what management
believed to be the fair market value of the common stock at that time.
Towne
retained an independent appraiser who subsequently valued the common stock at a
higher price.
Towne will record $725,000 of stock compensation expense over the
five-year vesting period of the options.

         
Employee Termination Costs.
Employee termination costs decreased from
$2.3 million in 1998 to $1.3 million in 1999.
These expenses represented
approximately 13% and 4% of total revenues, respectively, during these two
periods.
In connection with the acquisition of Banking Solutions in December
1998, Towne recognized a one-time charge in the amount of $2.3 million relating
to employee terminations that were not finalized at the date of the purchase.
In
1999, Towne recorded $1.3 million relating to severance benefits for two former
employees.
The severance benefits consisted of $1.0 million in cash payments and
$234,000 related to the early vesting of previously unvested stock options.

         
Acquisition Expense.
Acquisition expense for the year ended December
31, 1999 was approximately $2.3 million, all of which related to the acquisition
of Forseon.
This cost represented approximately 8% of total revenues for this
period.
Towne incurred no similar acquisition expense for the year ended
December 31, 1998.

         
General and Administrative.
General and administrative expenses
increased from $5.6 million in 1998 to $10.9 million in 1999.
These costs
represented approximately 31% and 37% of total revenues, respectively, for these
two periods.
The increase in these expenses was primarily the result of
increases in the number of executive and administrative employees and expenses
related to Towne's growth, amortization expenses relating to acquisitions,
write-offs of uncollectible accounts receivables, costs incurred for relocation
to its new office facility and a one-time charge relating to a sublease
agreement that was terminated early.
Towne also incurred additional costs
related to being a public company, including annual and other public reporting
expenses, directors' and officers' liability insurance, investor relations
programs and professional services fees.

         
Interest Income, Net.
Towne reported net interest income of $226,000 in
1998 and $711,000 in 1999.
Net interest income increased as a result of earnings
on investments of cash proceeds received from Towne's initial public offering in
August 1998 and its second public offering in June 1999.

         
Extraordinary Loss.
Towne reported an extraordinary loss during 1998
resulting from the early extinguishment of debt in the amount of $476,000.
The
extraordinary loss was comprised of $218,000 unamortized discount on a
promissory note and $258,000 deferred debt issuance costs.
See note 5 of Notes
to Towne's consolidated financial statements.
Towne incurred no similar
extraordinary losses for the corresponding year ended December 31, 1999.

         
Cumulative Effect of Accounting Change.
Towne reported a cumulative
effect of an accounting change during 1999 in the amount of $3.2 million related
to revenue recognition of initial set-up fees.
In response to the issuance of
the SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 101, "Revenue Recognition in Financial
Statements," Towne began recognizing all revenues from set-up fees on a deferred
basis.
The effect of this change in accounting principle was applied
cumulatively as of the beginning of 1999.

         
Income Taxes.
As of December 31, 1999, Towne had net operating loss
carry forwards of approximately $27.3 million for federal tax purposes, which
will expire if not utilized beginning 2011.
Due to changes in Towne's ownership
structure, its use of its net operating loss carry forwards as of October 1,
1997 of approximately $2.5 million

will be limited to approximately $550,000 in any given year to offset future
taxes.
In addition, due to Towne's acquisitions during 1998 and 1999, net
operating loss carry forwards of approximately $6.1 million will be limited to
approximately $1.6 million in any given year to offset future taxes.
If Towne
does not realize taxable income in excess of the limitation in future years,
certain net operating loss carry forwards will be unrealizable.

         
During Towne's short history, its operating results have varied
significantly and are likely to fluctuate significantly in the future as a
result of a combination of factors.
See "Disclosure Regarding Forward - Looking
Statements" at the end of this Item for a description of some of the important
factors that may affect outcomes.


LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

         Towne has financed its operations primarily through sales of equity
securities in private placements, its initial public offering, its second public
offering and through credit facilities.
During 1997, Towne received aggregate
net proceeds of $3.5 million from the sale of common stock in private
transactions.
In March 1998, Towne received net proceeds of $1.5 million from
the sale of Series A preferred stock in a private placement.
In July 1998, Towne
received net proceeds of approximately $27.0 million from the initial public
offering of its common stock.
In June 1999, Towne received net proceeds of
approximately $32.6 million from a second public offering of its common stock
and approximately $1.9 million from the sale of its Series B preferred stock in
a private placement.

         
In June 1999, Towne entered into a five-year capital lease obligation
with Synovus Leasing Company to finance the purchase of office furniture and
fixtures.
The capital lease obligation of $633,000 includes interest of $122,000
or 8.75% of the principal.
The amount of the minimum monthly lease obligation,
consisting of principal and interest, is $11,000.

         
In June 1999, Towne entered into a five-year capital lease obligation
with NEC America, Inc. to finance the purchase of office telecommunications
equipment.
The capital lease obligation of $546,000 includes interest of
$104,000 or 8.61% of the principal.
The amount of the minimum monthly lease
obligation, consisting of principal and interest, is $9,000.

         
In August 1999, Towne entered into a five-year capital lease obligation
with Synovus Leasing Company to finance the purchase of a generator.
The capital
lease obligation of $510,000 includes interest of $98,000, or 8.75%, of the
principal.
The amount of the minimum monthly lease obligation, consisting of
principal and interest, is $8,500.

         
Net cash used in operating activities was approximately $9.9 million in
1998, $9.8 million in 1999 and $9.0 million in 2000.
Net cash used in operating
activities during 1998 primarily represents (a) a $15.3 million net loss and (b)
a $3.1 million increase in accounts receivable, partially offset by (c) $6.4
million in non-cash compensation expense and (d) $975,000 in accrued expenses.

Net cash used in operating activities during 1999 primarily represents (a) a
$15.6 million net loss, partially offset by (b) a $2.2 million increase in
accounts receivable, (c) a $1.2 million increase in accounts payable and accrued
expenses and (d) a $2.0 million increase in deferred revenue.
Net cash used in
operating activities during 2000 represents (a) a $17.0 million net loss, (b) a
$1.2 million decrease in accounts payable, and (c) a $1.7 million decrease in
deferred revenue.
This cash use was offset by a $6.9 million non-cash
depreciation and amortization charge and a $1.9 million decrease in accounts
receivable.

         
Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities was approximately
($13.0) million for 1998, ($12.1) million for 1999 and $1.4 million in 2000.
Net
cash used in investing activities during 1998 represents (a) an increase of
$10.4 million to acquire Banking Solutions, Inc., (b) $1.9 million for the
purchase of computer equipment and other capital equipment used in conducting
Towne's business, (c) $510,000 to acquire some of the assets and liabilities of
Credit Collection Solutions, Inc. and (d) $170,000 in notes due from
shareholders.
Net cash used in investing activities during 1999 represents (a)
an increase of $1.8 million of expenses related to acquisitions, (b) $1.1
million in notes due from shareholders, (c) $1.4 million for the purchase of
short-term investments and (d) $7.9 million for the purchase of computer
equipment and other capital equipment used in conducting Towne's business.
Net
cash provided by investing activities in 2000 primarily represents a $1.1
million reduction in notes receivable primarily related to the write off of
certain notes receivable and $848,000 provided by sales of short term
investments.

         
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities was $33.3 million,
$28.8 million and $(1.4) million for the years ended December 31, 1998, 1999 and
2000, respectively.
Net cash provided by financing activities for 1998

consisted primarily of (a) $28.2 million of net proceeds received from sales of
Towne's common stock, (b) $1.5 million from the issuance of preferred stock, (c)
$584,000 from the exercise of stock options and (d) $3.1 million of net proceeds
from outstanding debt obligations.
Net cash provided by financing activities for
1999 consisted primarily of (a) $35.0 million of proceeds from the issuance of
securities, offset by (b) $5.4 million for the repayment of outstanding
short-term debt obligations and (c) $391,000 related to stock option exercises
and repurchases of common stock.
Net cash used in financing activities for 2000
consisted primarily of (a) repurchase and retirement of $770,000 of stock issued
in the Imaging Institute acquisition as contractually required, and (b) $652,000
of stock repurchases.

         
On June 27, 2000, the Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of
up to $3.0 million of Towne's common stock in the open market at prevailing
prices, subject to normal trading restrictions.
There is no expiration date for
the program.
Under this program, Towne purchased 383,143 shares through December
31, 2000.
As of December 31, 2000, 357,543 shares remain in treasury at a cost
of $629,000.
In January 2001, Towne purchased an additional 102,900 shares at a
cost of $243,000.


RECENT ACCOUNTING STANDARDS

         
In June 1998, the FASB issued SFAS No. 133, "Accounting for Derivative
Instruments and Hedging Activities," which establishes accounting and reporting
standards requiring that every derivative instrument, including certain
derivative instruments embedded in other contracts, be recorded in the balance
sheet as either an asset or liability measured at its fair value.
SFAS
No. 133
requires that changes in the derivative's fair value be recognized currently in
earnings unless specific hedge accounting criteria are met.
Special accounting
for qualifying hedges allows a derivative's gains and losses to offset related
results on the hedged item in the income statement, and requires that a company
must formally document, designate, and assess the effectiveness of transactions
that receive hedge accounting.
SFAS
No. 133 is effective for fiscal years
beginning after June 15, 2000.
A company may also implement SFAS No. 133 as of
the beginning of any fiscal quarter after issuance (that is, fiscal quarters
beginning June 16, 1999 and thereafter).
SFAS No. 133 cannot be applied
retroactively; it must be applied to (a) derivative instruments and (b) certain
derivative instruments embedded in hybrid contracts that were issued, acquired,
or substantively modified after December 31, 1997.
The adoption of SFAS No. 133
on January 1, 2001, did not to have a material impact on Towne's financial
statements.

         
In response to the issuance of the SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No.
101, "Revenue Recognition in Financial Statements," Towne began recognizing all
revenues from set-up fees on a deferred basis.
The effects of this change in
accounting principle were applied cumulatively as of the beginning of 1999.


DISCLOSURE REGARDING FORWARD - LOOKING STATEMENTS

         This joint proxy statement/prospectus contains several "forward-looking
statements" concerning Towne's operations, performance, prospects, strategies
and financial condition, including its future economic performance, intent,
plans and objectives and the likelihood of success in developing and expanding
its business.
These statements are based upon a number of assumptions and
estimates which are subject to significant uncertainties, many of which are
beyond Towne's control.
Words such as "may," "would," "could," "will," "expect,"
"anticipate," "believe," "intend," "plan" and "estimate" are meant to identify
such forward-looking statements.

         
Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by
such forward-looking statements.
Factors that could cause these results to
differ materially include, but are not limited to:

         -        whether Towne's management team can attain its goals and
                  improve its financial condition;

         -        the possible negative impact of lawsuits on Towne's stock
                  price and ability to meet its sales and other business
                  objectives;

         -        the distraction of management's time and attention, increased
                  legal and other costs, and other possible adverse effects on
                  its business and operations if Towne again faces a potential
                  delisting from the Nasdaq National Market for failure to
                  maintain the continued listing requirements;

         -        market acceptance of new products and services;

         -        whether Towne will be able to achieve or maintain
                  profitability or other desired results of operations; and

         -        other factors discussed in this joint proxy
                  statement/prospectus and in Towne's filings with SEC,
                  including its registration statements on Form S-4 (No.
                  333-76493) as declared effective on June 10, 1999, and Form
                  S-1 (No. 333-76659) declared effective on June 23, 1999, and
                  the "Risk Factors" sections contained in them.

         
In addition, the amount of revenue associated with particular set-up
fees can vary significantly based upon the number of products used by customers
for any particular period.
Towne establishes its expenditure levels for product
development, sales and marketing and other operating revenue based, in large
part, on its anticipated revenues.
As a result, if revenues fall below
expectations, operating results and net income are likely to be adversely and
disproportionately affected because only a portion of Towne's expense varies
with revenues.

           
QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

         Towne does not use derivative financial instruments in its operations
or investments and does not have significant operations subject to fluctuations
in foreign currency exchange rates.

         
Towne's short-term and long-term investments are deposited principally
in a single financial institution with significant assets and consist of U.S.
Treasury bills and notes with maturities of less than three years.
Towne does
not consider the interest rate risk for these investments to be material.
In
addition, Towne does not have any material outstanding borrowings and,
therefore, it does not have a significant risk due to potential fluctuations in
interest rates for loans at this time.

                  
CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS
                     ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

         Not applicable.

                 
PROPOSAL TWO FOR TOWNE - ELECTION OF DIRECTORS

         
The following portion of this joint proxy statement/prospectus provides
information about Towne's current directors, executive officers and significant
security holders.
It also describes the nominees of Towne's current board of
directors for re-election as Towne's directors and the procedures to be followed
in that election.

         
IF THE PROPOSED MERGER IS APPROVED AS DESCRIBED IN THE PRECEDING
PORTION OF THIS JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS, THE MERGER WILL BE CONSUMMATED
ON THE DATE OF THE ANNUAL MEETING OR AS SOON AS POSSIBLE THEREAFTER.
THE MERGER
AGREEMENT PROVIDES THAT UPON THE EFFECTIVENESS OF THE MERGER, THREE OF THE
CURRENT TOWNE DIRECTORS MR. BROWN, MR. ROBERTS AND MR. STURM WILL BE ADDED TO
THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF PRIVATE BUSINESS.

         
If the proposed merger is not approved, the persons elected to the
board of directors will serve as directors of Towne until the 2004 annual
meeting and until their successors are elected and qualified.

         
Under Towne's current articles of incorporation, the board of directors
must have no fewer than five nor more than 15 directors, divided into three
classes.
The board determines the number of directors within these limits.

Towne's directors serve in staggered terms accomplished as follows:

         -        the directors are divided into three classes -- Class I, Class
                  II, and Class III;

         -        the classes are as nearly equal in number as possible;

         -        each director serves a three-year term; and

         -        the terms of the classes are staggered so that each term
                  expires in a different year.

         
Thus, only one class of directors stands for election in each year.
The
term for Class III directors expires this year.
Towne's three current Class III
directors have been nominated for re-election at the meeting for a new
three-year term.
The term for Class I directors expires in 2002 and the term for
Class II directors expires in 2003.
The term of office of any additional
directors elected by Towne's board expires at the next annual shareholders
meeting following their appointment.

         
All nominees are currently directors.
Towne believes that the nominees
will stand for election and will serve if elected as directors.
If, however, any
person nominated by the board of directors fails to stand for election or is
unable to accept election, your shares will be voted in favor of the election of
another person nominated by the board of directors.
There are no cumulative
voting rights in the election of directors, which means you may vote only once
for a nominee.

                   INFORMATION ABOUT TOWNE'S DIRECTOR NOMINEES

         The three Class III director nominees and their ages and terms of
office as of April 19, 2001 are as follows:

NAME                            AGE       POSITION(S)
WITH COMPANY
- ----                            ---       ------------------------

G. Lynn Boggs                   45        Chief Executive Officer and Director

John W. Collins                 53        Director

John D. Schneider, Jr.          47        Director

         Each Class III director's term expires at Towne's annual meeting in
2004.

         
G. Lynn Boggs is a co-founder and has been a director of Towne since
its formation and its chairman and chief executive officer since February 2000.

In March 1999, Mr. Boggs became a senior vice president of investments for The
Bankers Bank, which is headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia.
Before this time, he
served as the

senior vice president and branch manager of Vining-Sparks Investment Banking
Group, L.P., a fixed income broker-dealer to financial institutions in
Nashville, Tennessee, since June 1996.
Mr. Boggs has been employed in the
securities industry for the past 15 years.
From October 1994 to June 1996, he
was senior vice president -- investments at PaineWebber, Inc. in Nashville,
Tennessee.
From March 1993 to October 1994, he was senior vice president --
investments for Prudential Securities Incorporated in Nashville.
From 1989 to
March 1993, he was senior vice president of Vining-Sparks.
Mr. Boggs is on the
Advisory Board of Directors of The Bank of Green Hills in Nashville.

         
John W. Collins has been a director of Towne since its formation.
Mr.
Collins is currently the chairman of the board of directors and chief executive
officer of The InterCept Group, Inc., a publicly-traded provider of
fully-integrated electronic commerce products and services for community
financial institutions.
Mr. Collins has also served as chairman of the board of
directors of Netzee, Inc. since its inception in 1999.
Mr. Collins has over 25
years of experience in multiple areas of electronic commerce for community
financial institutions.
Before co-founding The InterCept Group in 1996, he had
served as a director and executive officer of several of its predecessor
companies and subsidiaries since 1986.
Mr. Collins is also a director of Nexity
Bank, a privately-held company.

         
John D. Schneider, Jr. has been a director of Towne since November
1998.
Mr. Schneider is president and chief executive officer of Bankers Bancorp
Inc., a bank holding company.
For the past 13 years, he has been president and
chief executive officer of Independent Bankers Bank and chairman of Bankers Bank
Service Corporation, subsidiaries of Bankers Bancorp Inc., in Springfield,
Illinois.
Mr. Schneider is also a director of Sullivan Bancshares, Inc., First
National Bank of Sullivan and Community Bank Mortgage Corp.

         THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR THE DIRECTOR NOMINEES.


Directors Continuing in Office:

         Henry M. Baroco, 57, has been president, chief operating officer and a
director of Towne since September 1996, and he served as chief executive officer
from October 1999 to February 2000.
Mr. Baroco has over 30 years of experience
with various financial institutions.
Before joining Towne, Mr. Baroco had been
senior vice president and general manager of the vendor finance division of The
CIT Group, Inc. since September 1995.
From November 1993 to September 1995, he
served as senior vice president of sales and marketing for Norwest Equipment
Finance.
From April 1991 to November 1993, Mr. Baroco was senior vice president
and general manager of sales and marketing for LB Credit Corporation.
Mr. Baroco
also worked in various capacities for GE Capital for over 18 years.
Mr. Baroco's
term as a Class II director expires in 2003.

         
Frank W. Brown, 47, has been a director of Towne since March 1998.
Mr.
Brown has been a principal with Brown, Burke Capital Partners, Inc. since 1991.

Brown, Burke Capital Partners provides financial advisory services to
community-oriented financial institutions and middle market corporations in
connection with mergers and acquisitions and financing.
He is also the managing
member of the managing general partner of Capital Appreciation Partners, L.P.,
an Atlanta-based merchant banking fund.
From 1977 to 1991, Mr. Brown worked in
various corporate finance and investment banking positions with Bankers Trust
Company, The First Boston Corporation and The Robinson-Humphrey Company.
Mr.
Brown's term as a Class I director expires in 2002.

         
Richardson M. Roberts, 43, has been a director of Towne since May 1999.

From September 1998 until June 1999, he was vice chairman of the board of
directors of Nova Corporation, a publicly-traded provider of transaction
processing services, related software application products and value-added
services primarily to small-to-medium sized merchants.
Mr. Roberts served with
PMT Services, a publicly-traded marketer of electronic credit card authorization
and payment systems, from 1984 to December 1998, most recently as its chief
executive officer.
Mr. Roberts's term as a Class II director expires in 2003.

         
Joe M. Rodgers, 67, has been a director of Towne since May 1998.
He has
been chairman of Rodgers Capital Group, L.P., a private investment company
specializing in merchant and investment banking, since February 1993.
Mr.
Rodgers served as chairman of the board of directors and chief executive officer
of Berlitz International, Inc., a foreign language services company, from
December 1991 to February 1993.
From 1985 to 1989, Mr. Rodgers served as United
States Ambassador to France.
Mr. Rodgers is also a director of AMR Corporation
American Airlines, Inc.; American Constructors, Inc.; Gaylord Entertainment
Company; Lafarge Corporation;

SunTrust Bank, Nashville, N.A.; and Tractor Supply Company.
Mr. Rodgers' term as
a Class II director expires in 2003.

         
J. Daniel Speight, Jr., 44, has been a director of Towne since its
formation.
Mr. Speight is the president, chief executive officer and a director
of FLAG Financial Corporation, a bank holding company.
He served as chief
executive officer and a director of Middle Georgia Bankshares, Inc. from 1989
until its merger with FLAG Financial in March 1998.
He has been chief executive
officer and a director of Citizens Bank, a subsidiary of FLAG Financial in
Vienna, Georgia, since 1984.
Mr. Speight previously served as chairman of The
Bankers Bank and is currently a member of the State Bar of Georgia.
He is past
chairman of the Georgia Bankers Association Community Banking Committee, past
president of The Community Bankers Association of Georgia, and past director of
the Independent Bankers Association of America.
Mr. Speight's term as a Class I
director expires in 2002.

         
Glenn W. Sturm, 47, has been a director of Towne since 1996.
Mr. Sturm
has been a partner in the law firm of Nelson Mullins Riley & Scarborough, L.L.P.
since 1992, and he presently serves as a member of its executive committee.
Mr.
Sturm served as Netzee Inc.'s chief executive officer from its inception in 1999
until October 2000, and he continues to serve as its vice-chairman of the Board
of Directors.
Mr. Sturm's term as a Class II director expires in 2003.

         
J. Stephen Turner, 54, has been a director of Towne since 1997.
Mr.
Turner is the senior partner of Marketstreet Equities Co., a private investment
company formed in February 2000 that specializes in equity investments in real
estate and growth-oriented businesses.
He has been the chairman of the board of
directors and chief executive officer of FNB Financial Corp., a bank holding
company, since 1990.
Mr. Turner is also a director of Farmers National Bank in
Scottsville, Kentucky.
He has also been the president and chief executive
officer of Allen Realty Corporation in Nashville, Tennessee since 1988.
Mr.
Turner's term as a Class II director expires in 2003.

         
Bahram Yusefzadeh, 55, has been a director of Towne since 1997.
Mr.
Yusefzadeh was the chairman of the board of directors and chief executive
officer of Phoenix International Ltd., Inc. from its formation in 1993 until
February 2001, when substantially all of Phoenix International's assets were
sold to a third party, and Phoenix International changed its name to Sphinx
International, Ltd., Inc.
Mr. Yusefzadeh currently serves as the chairman and
chief executive officer of Sphinx International.
Mr. Yusefzadeh has over 31
years of experience in the banking software industry.
He was a co-founder of
Nu-Comp Systems, Inc., where he developed the Liberty Banking System, and he
served as Nu-Comp's president and chief executive officer from 1969 to 1986.
Mr.
Yusefzadeh also served as chairman of the board of directors of Broadway &
Seymour, Inc. during 1986 and in various executive capacities for The Kirchman
Corporation from 1986 to 1992.
Mr. Yusefzadeh's term as a Class
I director
expires in 2002.

         
Towne's board of directors appoints its executive officers, and its
executive officers appoint its other officers.
Officers serve at the pleasure of
the board of directors or the executive officer authorized to make the
appointment until their successors are chosen and qualified or until their
earlier resignation or removal.


BOARD ORGANIZATION AND MEETINGS

         Towne maintains three board committees: an audit committee, a
compensation and stock option committee, and an executive committee.
Towne does
not have a standing nominating committee.
Towne's board of directors nominates
candidates to stand for election as directors.
Under Towne's bylaws, its
shareholders may make nominations for directors, but only if nominations are
delivered in writing to Towne's corporate secretary no less than 60 and no more
than 90 days before the anniversary of the previous year's annual meeting.

Nominations must also include information of the nature required to be disclosed
in a proxy statement under applicable SEC rules.

         
During 2000, the board of directors held seven meetings.
The committees
of the board of directors each met as follows: the audit committee, three
meetings; the compensation and stock option committee, six meetings; and the
executive committee, two meetings.
All of Towne's directors attended 75% or more
of all board and applicable committee meetings.


AUDIT COMMITTEE AND AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT

         
The audit committee consists of Mr. Speight, Mr. Turner and Mr.
Yusefzadeh.
The audit committee reviews annual and quarterly financial
statements and other work of Towne's independent public accountants, makes
annual recommendations to the board of directors for the appointment of Towne's
independent public accountants, and reviews Towne's financial and accounting
functions, operations, and management.
The audit committee is also responsible
for the engagement of independent auditors, the review of audit fees, and the
review of related party transactions.
All of the members of the audit committee
are "independent directors" as defined in rule 4200(a)(15) of the National
Association of Securities Dealers' Listing Standards.
In June 2000, the audit
committee adopted its Audit Committee Charter, a copy of which is attached as
Annex G2.

         
The audit committee has reviewed and discussed the audited financial
statements with management and recommended to the board of directors that those
financial statements be included in Towne's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31, 2000.
In addition, the audit committee has discussed
with the independent accountants the matters required by Statement on Auditing
Standards No. 61; it has received the written disclosures and the letter from
the independent accountants required by Independence Standards Board No. 1; and
it has discussed with the independent auditors the independent auditor's
independence from Towne and its management.
The audit committee reported its
findings to Towne's board of directors.
The audit committee's report shall not
be deemed incorporated by reference by any general statement incorporating by
reference this proxy statement into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933
or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, except to the extent that Towne
specifically incorporates the information contained in the report by reference,
and it shall not be deemed filed under such acts.

                                       
Submitted by:   J. Daniel Speight, Jr.
                                                       J. Stephen Turner
                                                       Bahram Yusefzadeh

FEES TO ARTHUR ANDERSEN LLP

         Audit Fees.
The aggregate fees billed for professional services
rendered by Towne's independent auditors, Arthur Andersen LLP, during the 2000
fiscal year for audit of Towne's annual consolidated financial statements and
review of those financial statements included in its quarterly reports filed on
SEC Form 10-Q totaled $109,000.

         
Financial Information Systems Design and Implementation Fees.
Towne did
not engage the independent auditors to provide, and the independent auditors did
not bill for, professional services regarding financial information systems
design and implementation during the year ended December 31, 2000.

         
All Other Fees.
The aggregate fees billed for professional services by
Towne's independent auditors to provide other non-audit services, including,
among others, tax preparation, and internal audit services, during the 2000
fiscal year totaled $83,371.


COMPENSATION/STOCK OPTION COMMITTEE REPORT ON EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

         
The compensation and stock option committee consists of Mr. Brown, Mr.
Speight, Mr. Turner, and Mr. Yusefzadeh, with Mr. Boggs serving as a non-voting
member since he became Towne's chief executive officer in February 2000.
The
other four members of the compensation committees are non-employee independent
directors.
The compensation and stock option committee reviews and determines
executive compensation objectives and policies and administers Towne's benefit
plans.
The compensation and stock option committee also reviews and sets the
compensation of the chief executive officer and other highly compensated
executive officers.

         
The principal objectives of Towne's executive compensation program are
to:

         -        attract, retain, and motivate highly talented and productive
                  executives;

         -        provide incentives for superior performance by paying
                  above-average compensation; and

         -        align the interests of the executive officers with the
                  interests of the shareholders by basing a significant portion
                  of compensation upon company performance.

         
The executive compensation program consists of three components, each
of which serves a specific purpose: base salary, bonus, and long-term incentive
compensation like stock option grants.
Towne's policy is to set all three
components above an average of other corporations selected on the basis of
certain factors.
Towne believes that above-average compensation is necessary to
attract and retain the high caliber executives necessary to make its business
successful.

         Base Salary.
The committee annually reviews the salaries of executives.

In setting base salary levels, it considers competitive market conditions for
executive compensation, company performance, and individual performance.

         
The measures of individual performance considered in setting 2000
salaries included a number of quantitative and qualitative factors:

         -        historical and recent financial performance in the officer's
                  area of responsibility;

         -        progress toward non-financial goals within this area of
                  responsibility;

         -        individual performance;

         -        experience and level of responsibility; and

         -        other contributions made to Towne's success.

         
The committee does not assign relative weights to these specific
factors in determining base salary levels, and the factors actually used may
vary among individual officers.
As is typical for most corporations, payment of
a base salary is not conditioned upon the achievement of any specific,
pre-determined performance targets.

         
Bonus.
Towne's cash bonus program seeks to motivate executives to work
effectively to achieve financial performance objectives and to reward them when
they meet those objectives.
Towne's bonus program criteria changed in 2000 to
more accurately focus on the short term priorities of the company.
These
priorities centered on Towne's ability to control expenses and manage client
receivables.
The board was concerned about the operating losses Towne was
posting, and instructed management to reduce both operating costs and accounts
receivable periods.
The committee's specific executive bonus criteria for Towne
were based upon reducing the following specific items: operating expenses,
accounts receivables, overdue accounts receivables, cash outlays, and other
financial criteria.
Towne exceeded the board's goals in all of these areas and
awarded senior management bonuses in the amounts of $186,375 to Mr. Baroco,
$165,000 to Mr. Boggs, $27,640 to Mr. Shultz, $51,750 to Mr. Vosler, and $15,109
to Mr. Bankson.

         
Long-Term Incentive Compensation.  
Towne believes that option grants:

         -        align executives' interests with shareholders' interests by
                  creating a direct link between compensation and shareholder
                  return;

         -        give executives a significant, long-term interest in Towne's
                  success; and

         -        help retain key executives in a competitive market for
                  executive talent.


The board of directors grants stock options to employees and executive officers
from time to time.
These options are granted at the prevailing market value of
Towne's common stock and will have value only if Towne's stock price increases.

The committee's policy is that the exercise price of stock options should not be
amended after grants.
When the committee approves of stock option grants to
executive officers, it considers the amount and terms

of options already held by an executive officer in making the decision to grant
stock options and in determining the number of stock options to grant.

         
The 1998 Stock Option Plan authorizes the committee to grant stock
options to executives.
Option grants are made from time to time to executives
whose contributions have, or will have, a significant impact on Towne's
long-term performance.
The determination of whether option grants are
appropriate each year is based upon performance measures established for each
individual.
Options are not necessarily granted to each executive during each
year.
Generally, options granted to executive officers vest in annual
installments over a period of one to three years and expire ten years from the
date of grant.
During 2000, Towne made selected option grants to several
employees and executive officers, primarily pursuant to obligations under
employment agreements.
In February 2001, Towne made option grants to all of its
employees, including its executive officers, in an effort to reward all
employees in the growth of the company in the event Towne's stock price
appreciates.
Towne believed that stock option grants were appropriate because
(a) the company had achieved its goals of reducing operating costs and accounts
receivables periods; and (b) given that the vast majority of the employees' and
executive officers' existing stock options were significantly above Towne's
current stock market price, new option grants at a price more reflective of
Towne's current market position were appropriate to provide the intended
employment incentives that the committee believes options can create.
All
executive officers, except those who received new grants pursuant to employment
agreements with Towne in 2001, received equal grants of 3,500 shares each.

         Benefits.
Towne believes that it must offer a competitive benefit
program to attract and retain key executives.
During 2000 and 2001, Towne
provided medical and other benefits to its executive officers that are generally
available to its other employees.

         
Compensation of the Chief Executive Officer.
The chief executive
officer's compensation plan included the same elements and performance measures
as those of the other executive officers.
From October 1999 until February 2000,
Mr. Baroco, Towne's president, served as its chief executive officer.
Mr. Baroco
received no additional compensation for his service as chief executive officer.

Effective in February 2000, Mr. Boggs assumed the position of chief executive
officer.
Mr. Boggs was awarded options to purchase 40,000 shares for accepting
employment with Towne, and his base salary for 2000 was $400,000 per year.

         
In January 2001, the compensation committee granted Mr. Boggs an
additional 3,500 options as part of its company-wide 2001 stock option grants to
our employees.
Mr. Boggs' 2001 option grant was equal to or smaller than those
grants to Towne's other executive officers.
The compensation committee also
approved of a discretionary bonus to Mr. Boggs in the amount of $165,000 because
under Mr. Boggs' leadership, Towne exceeded all of the compensation committee's
goals geared towards reducing the following items: operating, bonuses, expenses,
accounts receivables, overdue accounts receivables, and cash outlays.
The
compensation committee has followed the practice of approving bonuses to
executives during each year based on interim financial results.
In April 2001,
the compensation committee considered Mr. Boggs' performance during the first
quarter of 2001, noting that Towne had exceeded its revenue goal, held expenses
under its expenses goal, and exceeded its goal for cash flow from operations.

Given these results, the compensation committee awarded Mr. Boggs a bonus of
$100,000.
The committee believes the salary and options granted to Mr. Boggs are
appropriate based on compensation given to other executives hired under similar
circumstances.

         
Severance and Consulting Arrangements with Former Executive Officers.

         
The compensation committee discussed and approved severance and
consulting arrangements with several of its former executive officers.