URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/51644/000095013001501420/0000950130-01-501420.txt

THE MERGER

Background of the Merger

   The advertising and marketing communications industry has undergone
significant global consolidation in recent years.
Consistent with this trend,
over the last several years True North's management and Board observed that
industry participants that achieved greater geographic and functional scale
and brand and services diversity were likely to be at a competitive advantage
relative to smaller competitors and would also be better positioned to take
advantage of long-term growth opportunities and trends.

   
In keeping with the industry's trend toward consolidation, in July 1997
True North entered into an agreement to acquire Bozell, Jacobs, Kenyon &
Eckhardt, Inc.
In early December 1997, prior to the closing of the Bozell
acquisition, Publicis S.A., a French advertising and marketing communications
company, made a tender offer to purchase approximately 38% of the outstanding
shares of True North common stock at a price of $28.00 per share on the
condition that the Bozell acquisition be terminated.
Shortly thereafter, True
North obtained an injunction against interference by Publicis in the Bozell
acquisition and Publicis withdrew its tender offer.
True North closed the
acquisition of Bozell on December 30, 1997.
The acquisition of Bozell almost
doubled True North's size and added the two agency brands of Bozell Worldwide
and Temerlin McClain LP to complement True North's flagship FCB Worldwide
agency brand.
In September 1999, True North restructured its agencies by
transferring specified international operations of Bozell into FCB,
strengthening FCB's global reach and its ability to serve and attract
multinational clients.

   
After the Bozell acquisition, True North continued to pursue a program of
targeted acquisitions and completed numerous transactions of smaller relative
size involving a variety of communications services businesses.
In addition,
True North's management and Board became increasingly focused on more
significant strategic alternatives available to True North.
True North's
management and its Board considered, among other strategies, whether True
North's business and financial performance, and its stockholders, employees
and clients, could benefit from being part of a larger, more diverse company.

Such a combination could offer, among other advantages:

  .  
a greater concentration of business outside of North America;

  .  
an enhanced ability to attract and serve large, multinational clients;
     and

  .  
enhanced diversification in faster growing and higher margin non-
     advertising communications services businesses, such as sales promotion,
     direct marketing, design and branding and business communications
     services.

   
As a result, True North's management and its Board began to explore a
variety of alternatives, including:

  .  entering into a significant business combination with one or more major
     advertising and marketing communications firms in a merger among or
     between equals;

  .  
entering into a transaction with a global advertising and marketing
     communications firm, with True North as the acquired entity; or

  .  
remaining an independent entity and growing through additional
     acquisitions.

   
From time to time beginning in 1998 and continuing through early 2001, True
North approached, or was approached by, a substantial number of the other
global advertising and marketing communications firms, including Interpublic,
to discuss significant potential transactions.
Many of these expressions of
interest resulted in meetings between representatives of True North and other
parties.
In connection with these discussions, True North entered into
confidentiality agreements with some of these other parties, and proprietary
information was supplied by and obtained from True North pursuant to these
confidentiality agreements.
True North's management kept its Board apprised of
these developments and, with respect to matters raising material issues, acted
in accordance with the Board's guidance.

   
In November 1998 and again in March 1999, the chief executive of a global
advertising and marketing communications firm, which we refer to in this
discussion as Company A, made inquiries to True North regarding a possible
business combination with True North.
In both instances, the True North Board
determined not to enter into discussions with Company A, and Company A was so
informed.

   
In late 1998 and early 1999, True North had preliminary discussions
regarding a possible combination with a global advertising and marketing
communications firm, which we refer to in this discussion as Company B.
The
discussions did not advance at that time.

   
Commencing in the spring and summer of 1999, True North's management and
Board increased their focus on various strategic initiatives.

   
Discussions with Company B regarding a possible business combination resumed
in the late summer and fall of 1999.

   
True North management also had discussions with a large private equity firm
about the possibility of taking True North private in a management-led buyout.

However, by September 1999, management ceased considering this type of
transaction due to the growth models and high amount of debt that would be
required to complete it.

   
In August 1999, True North entered into discussions regarding a possible
combination with a global advertising and marketing communications firm, which
we refer to in this discussion as Company C. True North and Company C entered
into a confidentiality agreement dated August 26, 1999.
During the fall of
1999, discussions continued with both Company B and Company C.

   In February 2000, True North entered into discussions with a global
advertising and marketing communications company, which we refer to in this
discussion as Company D, relating to Company D's possible acquisition of True
North.
True North and Company D entered into a confidentiality agreement dated
February 18, 2000 and the chief executive officers and other senior management
of each of True North and Company D held a meeting on February 21, 2000.
At
this meeting, the parties discussed, among other matters, whether Company D
would agree to a standstill whereby it would not be permitted to purchase
shares of True North common stock for the duration of negotiations.
Company D
indicated that it would agree to such a standstill only if True North would
agree to negotiate exclusively with Company D. True North refused to agree to
an exclusivity provision, and Company D did not enter into a standstill
provision.

   
As of February 29, 2000, True North entered into a letter agreement and a
separate indemnification agreement with Morgan Stanley & Co.
Incorporated
pursuant to which Morgan Stanley was engaged to act as financial advisor to
True North to explore strategic alternatives with counterparties in the
advertising business.
The provisions of the letter agreement relating to fees
payable for Morgan Stanley's services are described under "Opinion of True
North's Financial Advisor" on page 30.

   
Over the next several months, members of senior management of True North
held several conversations and meetings with their respective counterparts at
Company D. In addition, during this period True North's management engaged in
wide-ranging discussions with numerous other advertising and communications
services businesses.
For instance, True North continued its discussions with
Company C and held meetings and had discussions with representatives of a U.S.
marketing services company, another global advertising and marketing
communications firm, and two media companies.
These discussions included
potential transactions of varying structures, including, in certain cases,
possible three-party combinations.
Management reported on these discussions to
the True North Board at a meeting held on July 25, 2000.

   
In the summer of 2000, members of senior management of True North had a
series of discussions with Company D about a potential transaction.
In late
July 2000, Company D presented True North with a preliminary due diligence
request list, and by early August 2000 True North began providing requested

information to Company D.
On August 16, 2000, the chief executive officers and
other senior officers of each of True North and Company D held a meeting to
review issues raised by these due diligence materials and to discuss other
matters, including the potential for cost savings synergies.

   
In late August 2000, True North received an informal indication of interest
from Company D to acquire True North in a stock-for-stock transaction at an
exchange ratio that reflected a price, as of the date of the indication, of
approximately $40 per share of True North common stock.
At that time, True
North was reluctant to consider a transaction at this price.
At a special
meeting of the True North Board held on September 1, 2000, David Bell, chairman
and chief executive officer of True North, updated the Board on the status of
strategic alternatives then under discussion, including a potential transaction
with Company D. After discussion, the Board advised Mr. Bell to defer further
discussions with Company D so long as the price was inadequate, and Company D
was so informed in a letter from Kevin Smith, executive vice president and
chief financial officer of True North, dated September 5, 2000.

   
Contemporaneously, True North renewed discussions with Company B about the
possibility of a combination.
The parties explored various means of structuring
a transaction.

   
On September 6, 2000, the Chrysler Group of DaimlerChrysler, which at that
time divided its global advertising and marketing communications work between
True North and another global advertising and marketing communications firm,
announced that it would place both of these accounts up for review.
The
objective of the review was the consolidation of a substantial portion of
Chrysler Group's advertising and marketing communications services with one
firm on substantially revised business terms.

   
At a regular meeting of the True North Board held September 13, 2000, Mr.
Bell and Mr. Smith updated the Board on the status of discussions with Company
D and others regarding a possible merger and the Chrysler account consolidation
review.
Representatives of Morgan Stanley, Sidley & Austin (which, on May 1,
2001, became Sidley Austin Brown & Wood), True North's outside legal counsel,
and other outside advisors to True North attended the meeting to assist the
Board in reviewing strategic alternatives.
Mr. Bell and Mr. Smith presented an
analysis of the impact on True North's financial results of the two possible
outcomes of the Chrysler account consolidation review --the Chrysler account
being consolidated with either True North or Chrysler's other global
advertising firm-- and a review of the advantages and disadvantages associated
with various potential strategic partners.

   
At this meeting, it was reported to the True North Board that, after True
North had deemed Company D's initial indication of interest to be unattractive,
representatives of True North had proposed a pricing structure whereby True
North stockholders would receive initial consideration payable in Company D
stock and, in addition, would receive a separate security which would provide
additional value only if the per share value of Company D's stock did not
appreciate to a specified level following the completion of the transaction.

   
A representative of Morgan Stanley then summarized for the True North Board
an estimated range of trading values for True North stock under the two
possible outcomes of the Chrysler account consolidation review.
Morgan Stanley
noted that, should True North experience a loss of the Chrysler account, a
potentially significant client conflict issue would be eliminated and, as a
result, several strategic alternatives would become more viable.
A
representative of Sidley Austin Brown & Wood then briefed the Board on its
fiduciary duties in considering the several strategic alternatives under
discussion.
Following discussion, the Board directed management, with the
assistance of outside advisors, to continue discussions with Company D and
others about a potential strategic transaction.

   
After a meeting on September 14, 2000 between senior executives of each of
True North and Company D and their respective advisors, at which little
progress was made with respect to pricing differences, serious discussions
between True North and Company D terminated.

   
On November 3, 2000, Chrysler announced that it had completed its account
consolidation review and had determined to consolidate its global advertising
and marketing communications business with its other global advertising and
marketing communications firm, including some of the services previously
provided by True

North.
In a conference call with analysts, shareholders, the press and others
held on November 6, 2000, Mr. Bell indicated, among other things, that True
North was open to strategic opportunities that would benefit True North's
stockholders and clients and that the elimination of Chrysler as a potential
conflict issue might allow True North to pursue a broader range of these
opportunities.

   
True North and Company B, and their advisors, intensified discussions
regarding a potential combination.
On November 7, 2000, the chief executive
officers and other senior management of True North and Company B met and
discussed valuation ranges, the Chrysler decision, management and social
issues, timing and the possibility of exclusivity of negotiations.
On November
16, 2000, True North entered into a confidentiality agreement with Company B.
Company B prepared a draft merger agreement and provided it to True North on
November 21, 2000.
The parties began negotiating the terms of this agreement,
and each party began performing in-depth financial and legal due diligence with
respect to the other.

   
The True North Board held a special meeting on November 17, 2000 to consider
the discussions being held by True North's management.
A representative of
Sidley Austin Brown & Wood again briefed the Board on its fiduciary duties and
other relevant legal matters.
A representative of Morgan Stanley provided a
preliminary evaluation report and a preliminary assessment of the reaction of
the capital markets and potentially interested strategic partners to the
decision of Chrysler with respect to account consolidation.
Mr. Bell and
Suzanne Bettman, executive vice president and general counsel of True North,
presented to the Board management's recommendation to continue discussions with
Company B. They also reported that Company B had requested True North to commit
to negotiate exclusively with Company B.
After discussion, the Board authorized
senior management to continue negotiations in respect of a strategic
combination transaction with Company B, but determined not to agree to Company
B's request for exclusivity.
Furthermore, in consideration of the benefits to
True North of proceeding expeditiously, the Board directed management to report
back to the Board by December 4, 2000.

   
The True North Board held another special meeting on November 30, 2000 to
consider the progress of negotiations with Company B. A representative of
Sidley Austin Brown & Wood reported that unresolved issues included the
proposed structure of the transaction, whether the transaction would be treated
as a tax-free reorganization for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the
possibility of True North paying a significant special cash dividend prior to
the closing of the transaction, the treatment of stock options and deferred
compensation obligations, and the proposed management structure and related
social issues.
A representative of Morgan Stanley discussed the proposed
funding of the payment by True North of a special dividend prior to closing.

Morgan Stanley also noted that recent movements in share prices of Company B
and True North under the proposed exchange ratio would, as of that time, result
in a below-market transaction price for True North's stockholders.
Mr. Bell
then reported to the Board on discussions with other potential strategic
partners.
After discussion, the True North Board determined that discussions
with Company B should continue and that management should focus on three issues
in particular:

  .  
an Internal Revenue Service ruling confirming that the transaction
     between True North and Company B would qualify as a tax-free
     reorganization for True North's stockholders;

  .  
post-transaction management structure; and

  .  
further exploration of indications of interest from other interested
     parties.

   
On December 9, 2000, the chief executive officers and other senior officers
of each of True North and Interpublic met to discuss the interest of
Interpublic in a strategic transaction with True North.
Several additional
conversations followed.
On December 15, 2000, True North and Interpublic
entered into a confidentiality agreement and True North began to provide
financial and other information to Interpublic.
A face-to-face due diligence
session was scheduled for early January 2001 as a result of these discussions.

   
The True North Board held a special meeting on December 15, 2000 to discuss,
among other things, recent meetings with Company B and other potential
strategic partners.
Representatives of Sidley Austin Brown & Wood provided the
Board a summary of prior briefings on fiduciary duties, and Morgan Stanley
presented an

overview of the proposed structure of the transaction with Company B. Sidley
Austin Brown & Wood reviewed the tax issue previously discussed during the
November 30, 2000 Board meeting, and Morgan Stanley presented a report which
included background and strategic information, pro forma combination analysis,
a proposed timeline and an analysis of the stockholder profiles of True North
and Company B.
Upon management's recommendation, and after discussion, the
Board directed management to make continued efforts to reach an agreement with
Company B that would allow an announcement of a transaction by January 15,
2001.
The Board also authorized an inquiry to the IRS regarding the tax issue,
completion of a due diligence investigation of Company B, and arrangement for
funding the True North special dividend prior to a transaction.

   
In late December 2000, True North and Company C renewed their discussions,
which had been ongoing intermittently since late 1998, relating to a possible
merger transaction between Company C and True North.
On December 21, 2000,
Company C conveyed a presentation outlining a possible stock-for-stock
combination that, as of that time, valued True North in the range of $40 to $45
per True North share.
Company C requested that True North agree to exclusive
negotiations.
True North rejected the request for exclusive negotiations.

   
Also in late December 2000, discussions with Company B began to falter.

Company B resisted the request of True North to condition the closing of a
transaction with Company B on obtaining a ruling from the IRS confirming the
tax-free nature of the proposed transaction to True North stockholders.
In
addition, pricing, management and structure issues had not been resolved.

   
In early January 2001, True North also recommenced discussions with Company
A, with which it had communicated with respect to a potential merger
transaction in late 1998 and again in early 1999.
The chief executive officers
and other senior officers of True North and Company A met on January 3, 2001 to
review the business of True North, and True North and Company A entered into a
confidentiality agreement dated January 3, 2001.

   
On January 7 and 8, 2001, senior management of True North and of Interpublic
met to review the business of True North and to discuss potential cost-saving
synergies.
Senior management of True North and Company C also met to review the
business of True North.
Company C, with which True North had previously entered
into a confidentiality agreement, began extensive financial and legal due
diligence on True North in mid-January 2001.
A series of meetings between
management of the two companies followed, which continued into mid-February.

   
The True North Board held a special meeting on January 12, 2001.
Mr. Bell,
together with Mr. Smith and a representative of Morgan Stanley, reviewed for
the Board the status of discussions with each of the four most likely potential
strategic partners with which True North had recently held significant
discussions.
It was noted that, although several parties had expressed interest
in a possible transaction, no firm proposal had emerged.
Mr. Bell indicated
that discussions were continuing and stated that a more specific update would
be forthcoming at the January 19, 2001 regular Board meeting.
At the January
19, 2001 meeting, Mr. Bell and a representative of Morgan Stanley reviewed
recent meetings and developments with respect to potential strategic partners.

The Board encouraged management and True North's advisors to continue
progressing on the various alternatives.

   
Between January 16, 2001 and February 7, 2001, a number of meetings occurred
between senior management of True North and of Interpublic to discuss issues
which included potential client conflicts, financial issues, social issues and
potential synergy opportunities.

   
During late January and early February 2001, there were a series of
discussions among True North, Company B and Company C to discuss various
potential multiple-party transactions.
Ultimately, it was determined that none
of these transactions was feasible under the circumstances.

   
On February 4, 2001, the chief executive officers of True North and Company
A met again, and Company A began extensive financial and legal due diligence on
True North in early February 2001.

   
In mid-February 2001, True North determined to seek the views of the
Securities and Exchange Commission with respect to its accounting treatment for
contingent earn-out payments relating to previously completed acquisitions.

Discussions with Company C were deferred during the pendency of the
Commission's consideration of this issue.

   
True North prepared a draft merger agreement and provided it to Company A on
February 15, 2001.
During the period between February 15 and February 27, 2001,
legal counsel for each of True North and Company A exchanged comments on the
proposed merger agreement, and meetings and detailed discussions regarding
financial and business issues continued.
On February 28, 2001, Company A
submitted to True North a draft bid letter expressing its interest in pursuing
a stock-for-stock transaction valued on that date at approximately $41.50 per
share of True North common stock.
Extensive negotiations began on the draft
merger agreement at the end of February 2001 and continued into the beginning
of March 2001.
However, as of early March 2001, a number of significant
contractual and management structure issues remained to be resolved with
Company A.

   Senior management of True North and Interpublic continued discussions and
met on February 26, 2001 and again on March 1, 2001.
True North provided
Interpublic a draft merger agreement on February 28, 2001.
Interpublic engaged
Goldman Sachs & Co. as its financial advisor and began conducting extensive
financial and legal due diligence on True North in early March 2001.

   
On February 28, 2001, at a regularly scheduled meeting of the True North
Board, Mr. Bell and a representative of Morgan Stanley reviewed recent meetings
and developments with respect to strategic partners, and the Board discussed
the draft bid letter from Company A.

   In early March 2001, True North announced that the Commission had no
objection to True North's accounting for contingent earn-out payments, however,
True North did agree, in connection with a separate issue raised independently
by the Commission, to change its amortization of intangible assets arising from
acquisitions from up to 40 years to up to 20 years.
Consequently, True North
restated financial statements for periods prior to December 31, 2000.

   
Following resolution of the Commission review, Company C expressed renewed
interest in pursuing discussions with True North.
True North provided Company C
a draft merger agreement on or about March 8, 2001, and a series of meetings
and conversations occurred between True North and Company C representatives
over the following several days.

   
On March 9, 2001, Company C presented a non-binding proposal for a stock-
for-stock merger at an exchange ratio that reflected a price as of that date of
$42.00 per share of True North common stock.

   
On or about March 12, 2001 each of Interpublic and Company C submitted
comments on the draft merger agreement previously provided to them.

   
On March 12, 2001, the True North Board held a special meeting to be updated
on the status of discussions with potential strategic partners.
The Board
discussed the various proposals and discussions at length and determined that
additional meetings would be necessary to discuss further developments.
Later
that same day, Interpublic submitted to True North a term sheet for a stock-
for-stock merger proposing a fixed exchange ratio to be calculated based upon
the closing price of Interpublic's stock immediately prior to announcement of
the transaction to reflect a value as of the date of such announcement of
$38.50 per share of True North common stock.

   
On March 14, 2001, each of Company A, Company C and Interpublic presented a
revised, increased price proposal.
Company A's revised proposal was conditioned
upon all outstanding contractual issues being

resolved.
Interpublic's revised proposal reflected a fixed exchange ratio as of
the date of the proposal, rather than an exchange ratio to be determined
immediately prior to the announcement of a transaction based on a fixed price,
as reflected in Interpublic's original proposal.

   
On the afternoon of March 14, 2001, the True North Board held a special
meeting to discuss these three alternative proposals, as follows:

  .  
a potential merger transaction with Company A in which True North would
     become a wholly-owned subsidiary of Company A;

  .  
a potential merger transaction with Company C in which True North would
     become a wholly-owned subsidiary of Company C; and

  .  
a potential merger transaction with Interpublic in which True North
     would become a wholly-owned subsidiary of Interpublic.

   
Mr. Bell provided the Board with a detailed update of events since the last
Board meeting.
A representative of Morgan Stanley then provided the Board with
preliminary valuation reports, a comparison of shares of common stock versus
American Depositary Receipts (because shares of one or both of Company A and C
are traded in the United States through ADRs representing these shares) and an
assessment of the likely reaction of the capital markets and potentially
interested parties to the various potential transactions.
A representative of
Sidley Austin Brown & Wood outlined for the Board the current status of
contractual negotiations with each of the potential strategic partners.
Mr.
Bell then presented management's recommendation that True North focus
principally on negotiations with Interpublic.
After discussion, the Board
determined that the Interpublic proposal presented the most favorable pricing
and other terms.
The Board instructed True North management to focus
principally on negotiations with Interpublic.

   
True North and its advisors then continued financial and legal due diligence
on Interpublic and met with Interpublic and its counsel, Cleary, Gottlieb,
Steen & Hamilton, to negotiate final terms of the merger agreement.
These
negotiations were essentially completed during the period of March 15 through
March 17, 2001.
During this period, Interpublic requested True North to commit
to negotiate exclusively with Interpublic, but True North refused this request.

   
On Saturday, March 17, 2001, Interpublic informed True North that the
Interpublic Board had met to evaluate the proposed acquisition of True North
and had approved the merger agreement and the merger contemplated by it.

   
On the evening of Sunday, March 18, 2001 the True North Board met for
several hours to evaluate the proposed merger with Interpublic.
Sidley Austin
Brown & Wood again briefed the members of the Board on their fiduciary duties.

Morgan Stanley's presentation to the Board, which was based on closing prices
as of March 16, 2001, indicated that the exchange ratios in the most recently
revised price proposals of Company A, Company C and Interpublic reflected
prices, as of that date, of $39.17, $39.57 and $40.24, respectively, per share
of True North common stock.
True North's management advised the Board that, in
management's view, a combination between Interpublic and True North would
represent an excellent "fit" from a strategic standpoint, with minimal
conflicts between their respective clients, and would produce a strong and
diversified combined company.
True North's management and its advisors made a
lengthy presentation on the results of True North's financial and legal due
diligence investigation of Interpublic.

   
Representatives of Morgan Stanley present at the meeting presented a
financial analysis of the proposed transaction and described the basis for
Morgan Stanley's opinion that, as of March 18, 2001, the exchange ratio
pursuant to the proposed merger agreement between True North and Interpublic
was fair from a financial point of view to the holders of shares of True North
common stock.
Morgan Stanley then delivered its opinion to the True North
Board.
See "Opinion of True North's Financial Advisor" on page 30 and Annex B.

   The True North Board, with the assistance of legal counsel, reviewed the
material terms of the proposed business combination, including the more
important provisions of the proposed merger agreement, copies of which had been
supplied to the Board prior to the meeting.
The Board further recognized that
the transaction was structured as a tax-free reorganization for U.S. federal
income tax purposes and to qualify for pooling-of-interests accounting
treatment.
After careful consideration of all matters, including, among other
things, True North's due diligence investigation of Interpublic, expected
synergies, the expectation of manageable client conflicts, the fact that senior
officers of True North would play a strategic role in the combined companies,
the material terms of the merger agreement and Morgan Stanley's fairness
opinion, the True North Board approved the merger agreement and the merger
contemplated by it.
See "Recommendation of the True North Board; Considerations
of the True North Board" on this page 28.

   
Late in the evening on March 18, 2001, True North and Interpublic executed
the merger agreement.
The following morning, March 19, 2001, True North and
Interpublic issued a joint press release announcing the transaction.


Recommendation of the True North Board; Considerations of the True North Board

   
At a special meeting on March 18, 2001, the True North Board determined by
unanimous vote of those present that the merger is advisable, and that the
merger agreement and the merger are in the best interests of True North and its
stockholders.
Accordingly, the Board recommends that the stockholders of True
North vote "FOR" adoption of the merger agreement at the special meeting.

   
In the course of reaching its decision to approve the merger agreement, the
True North Board consulted with management, as well as with outside legal
counsel and financial advisors, and considered a number of factors, including:

  .  
with respect to both True North and Interpublic:

    .  
business,

    .  
operations,

    .  properties and assets,

    .  
financial condition,

    .  
competitive position,

    .  
business strategy and

    .  
prospects and risks involved in achieving prospects,

  .  
the nature of the advertising and marketing communications industry in
     which True North competes,

  .  
industry conditions,

  .  
economic conditions,

  .  
market conditions,

  .  
the view of the True North Board and management that:

    .  
the advertising and marketing communications industry has
       experienced significant consolidation in recent years,

    .  
the industry participants that achieve the greatest geographic and
       functional scale and diversity are likely to be at a competitive
       advantage relative to smaller competitors and to be better
       positioned to take advantage of long-term growth opportunities and
       trends and

    .  
True North's business and financial performance would benefit from
       being part of a larger, more diverse company which would have an
       enhanced capacity to provide sales promotion, direct marketing,
       design and branding and business communication services,

  .  
the potential stockholder value that could be expected to be generated
     from the various strategic alternatives available to True North,
     including the alternatives of:

    .  continuing as an independent entity and

    .  entering into a combination with another major advertising and
       marketing communications company,

  .  
the fact that the True North Board and management had investigated and
     discussed these strategic alternatives intensively over a period of
     months,

  .  
the indications of interest and history of discussions with third
     parties, together with the publicity surrounding interest from third
     parties in engaging in a business combination with True North,

  .  
the effect of publicity prior to execution of the merger agreement of a
     potential transaction involving True North on the market price of True
     North common stock which, although not necessarily influencing the True
     North Board's ultimate decision favorably or unfavorably, was considered
     by the True North Board in its deliberations regarding the exchange
     ratio,

  .  
the view of the True North Board and management that a combination
     between Interpublic and True North

    .  would represent an excellent "fit" from a strategic standpoint, with
       minimal conflicts between their respective clients and

    .  
would produce a strong and diversified combined company,

  .  
the synergies, cost reductions and operating efficiencies that should
     become available to the combined enterprise as a result of the merger,
     and the many management challenges associated with successfully
     integrating the business of two major corporations,

  .  
the presentations of True North's financial advisor concerning financial
     aspects of the proposed merger and of the various strategic alternatives
     available to True North,

  .  
the opinion received from Morgan Stanley that, as of the date of the
     opinion, and based on the considerations in the opinion, the exchange
     ratio pursuant to the merger agreement was fair from a financial point
     of view to the holders of shares of True North common stock,

  .  
the current and historical market prices of True North common stock and
     Interpublic common stock relative to each other and relative to those of
     other industry participants, and the relative benefits associated with
     direct stock ownership (as opposed to an American Depositary Receipt
     which offered only indirect stock ownership),

  .  
the fact that True North is a personal/professional services business
     and management strongly recommended the merger with Interpublic in view
     of the benefits of the merger to True North's employees and clients,

  .  
the facts that several members of True North's current senior management
     team are expected to play a significant role in the management of True
     North during the transition following the merger as well as on an
     ongoing basis and that two current True North directors will be
     appointed to the board of directors of Interpublic,

  .  
the expectation that the merger would qualify as a tax-free transaction
     for U.S. federal income tax purposes (except with respect to cash
     received for fractional shares),

  .  
the ability to account for the merger as a pooling of interests under
     generally accepted accounting principles,

  .  
the terms of the merger agreement (including the payment of a
     termination fee if the merger agreement is terminated under specified
     circumstances),

  .  
the fact that because the transaction is structured as a merger rather
     than a cash sale, the merger provides True North stockholders with the
     opportunity to participate in a larger, more competitive company,

  .  
the lack of availability of appraisal rights in connection with the
     merger and

  .  
the fact that the exchange ratio is fixed and, accordingly, the value of
     the transaction could increase or decrease prior to the completion of
     the merger.

   
In addition, in considering the proposed merger, the directors of True North
were aware of the interests of certain officers and directors in the merger
described under "Interests of True North's Directors and Management in the
Merger" on page 37.

   
The foregoing discussion of the factors considered by the True North Board
is not intended to be exhaustive, but includes the material factors considered
by the Board.
In view of the wide variety of factors considered by the Board in
connection with its evaluation of the merger and the complexity of these
matters, the True North Board did not consider it practical, and did not
attempt, to quantify, rank or otherwise assign relative weights to the specific
factors it considered in reaching its decision.
The True North Board conducted
a discussion of the factors described above, including asking questions of True
North's management and True North's outside advisors.

   
The True North Board reached a unanimous consensus of those present that the
merger was in the best interests of True North and its stockholders.
In
considering the factors described above, individual members of the Board may
have given different weights to different factors.


Opinion of True North's Financial Advisor

   Under an engagement letter dated February 29, 2000, True North retained
Morgan Stanley to provide various financial advisory services.
In connection
with the engagement, True North requested that Morgan Stanley provide a
fairness opinion in connection with the merger.
True North selected Morgan
Stanley to act as True North's financial advisor based on Morgan Stanley's
qualifications, expertise and reputation and its knowledge of the advertising
and marketing communications industry in general and the business and affairs
of True North in particular.

   
At a meeting of the True North Board held on March 18, 2001, Morgan Stanley
rendered to the True North Board its oral opinion, subsequently confirmed in
writing, that, as of March 18, 2001, and based upon and subject to the various
considerations, limitations and qualifications set forth in the written
opinion, the exchange ratio pursuant to the merger agreement was fair from a
financial point of view to the holders of shares of True North common stock.

   
The full text of the opinion of Morgan Stanley, dated March 18, 2001, is
attached as Annex B.
It sets forth, among other things, the assumptions made,
procedures followed, matters considered and limitations on the scope of the
review undertaken by Morgan Stanley in rendering its opinion.
True North
stockholders are urged to, and should, read the opinion carefully and in its
entirety.

   
Morgan Stanley's opinion is directed to the True North Board and addresses
only the fairness from a financial point of view of the exchange ratio to
holders of shares of True North common stock as of the date of the opinion.

True North stockholders should note that the opinion does not address:

  .  
any other aspect of the merger,

  .  
True North's underlying business decision to pursue the merger or

  .  
the price at which Interpublic common stock will trade following the
     merger or at any other time.

   
Further, the opinion does not constitute a recommendation to any holder of
shares of True North common stock as to how to vote at the True North
stockholder meeting held in connection with the merger.

   
The summary of the opinion of Morgan Stanley set forth below is qualified in
its entirety by reference to the full text of the written opinion, which is
attached as Annex B.

   In connection with rendering its opinion, Morgan Stanley, among other
things:

  .  
reviewed publicly available financial statements and other business and
     financial information of True North and Interpublic;

  .  reviewed internal financial statements and other financial and operating
     data concerning True North and Interpublic;

  .  reviewed financial forecasts prepared by the managements of True North
     and Interpublic;

  .  
reviewed information relating to strategic, financial and operational
     benefits anticipated from the merger, prepared by the management of True
     North;

  .  
discussed the past and current operations and financial condition and
     the prospects of True North, including information relating to
     strategic, financial and operational benefits anticipated from the
     merger, with senior executives of True North;

  .  
discussed the past and current operations and financial condition and
     the prospects of Interpublic, including information relating to
     strategic, financial and operational benefits anticipated from the
     merger, with senior executives of Interpublic;

  .  
reviewed the pro forma impact of the merger on Interpublic's earnings
     per share, cash flows, consolidated capitalization and financial ratios;

  .  
reviewed the reported prices and trading activity for True North common
     stock and Interpublic common stock;

  .  
compared the financial performance of True North and Interpublic and the
     prices and trading activity of True North common stock and Interpublic
     common stock with that of other publicly-traded companies comparable
     with True North and Interpublic, and their securities;

  .  
reviewed the financial terms, to the extent publicly available, of
     comparable acquisition transactions;

  .  
participated in discussions and negotiations among representatives of
     True North and Interpublic and their financial and legal advisors;

  .  
reviewed the merger agreement and related documents; and

  .  
performed other analyses and considered other factors as Morgan Stanley
     deemed appropriate.

   
Morgan Stanley assumed and relied upon, without independent verification,
the accuracy and completeness of the information supplied or otherwise made
available to it by True North and Interpublic for the purposes of its opinion.

With respect to the financial forecasts, including information relating to
strategic, financial and operational benefits anticipated from the merger,
Morgan Stanley assumed that they were reasonably prepared on bases reflecting
the best currently available estimates and judgments of the future financial
performance of True North and Interpublic.
In addition, Morgan Stanley assumed
that the merger would be accounted for as a "pooling-of-interests" business
combination in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles
and the merger would be consummated in accordance with the terms set forth in
the merger agreement, including, among other things, that the merger would be
treated as a tax-free reorganization pursuant to the

Internal Revenue Code of 1986.
Morgan Stanley also assumed that in connection
with the receipt of all necessary regulatory approvals for the merger, no
restrictions would be imposed that would have a material adverse effect on the
benefits expected to be derived in the merger.

   
Morgan Stanley did not make any independent valuation or appraisal of the
assets or liabilities of True North or Interpublic, nor was Morgan Stanley
furnished with any appraisals.
Morgan Stanley relied without independent
verification on the assessment of the management of True North and Interpublic
on their ability to retain key clients and employees of True North and
Interpublic.
Morgan Stanley's opinion is necessarily based on financial,
economic, market and other conditions as in effect on, and the information made
available to Morgan Stanley as of, the date of its opinion.

   
The following is a summary of the material financial analyses performed by
Morgan Stanley in connection with its oral opinion and the preparation of its
written opinion dated March 18, 2001.
Some of these summaries of financial
analyses include information presented in tabular format.
In order to
understand fully the financial analyses used by Morgan Stanley, the tables must
be read together with the text of each summary.
The tables alone do not
constitute a complete description of the financial analyses.

   
As described more fully in "Background of the Merger" on page 21, on
November 3, 2000 True North announced that a significant True North client
decided to consolidate selected advertising and marketing services historically
provided by True North with another advertising and marketing services company
which had also provided advertising and marketing services to this client.
As a
result, for the purposes of its analyses, Morgan Stanley reviewed financial
forecasts prepared by the management of True North adjusted, as appropriate, to
reflect the financial effects of the consolidation (also known as the Adjusted
True North Management Projections).
The Adjusted True North Management
Projections were prepared in March 2001 and reflected management's view as of
that time and were provided to Morgan Stanley for use in its analysis in
connection with the merger.
For some of the pro forma combination analyses,
Morgan Stanley used publicly available equity research projections for
Interpublic that Morgan Stanley discussed with Interpublic management (also
known as the Interpublic Projections).

 
Historical Common Stock Performance

   Morgan Stanley reviewed the price performance and trading volumes of the
common stock of each of True North and Interpublic from January 1, 1997 through
March 16, 2001.
The table below shows the daily high and low closing prices of
True North and Interpublic for that period, compared with a closing price on
March 16, 2001 of $39.31 per share for True North common stock and $35.30 per
share for Interpublic common stock:

                                                         January 1, 1997 through
                                                             March 16, 2001
                                                         -----------------------
                                                            High         Low
                                                         -----------------------

      True North........................................ $     52.63 $     17.00
      Interpublic....................................... $     58.06 $     15.83

   Morgan Stanley then compared the price performance of True North to
Interpublic and that of the Standard & Poor's 500 Common Stock Price Index,
which we call the S&P 500 Index, and two groups of selected advertising and
marketing communications companies with publicly-traded common stock.
One group
included larger capitalization companies, such as Interpublic, Omnicom Group
Inc. and WPP Group PLC, which we refer to as the Large-Cap Companies, and the
other group included mid-capitalization companies such as Cordiant
Communications Group PLC, Grey Global Group Inc., Havas Advertising and
Publicis Groupe S.A., which we refer to as the Mid-Cap Companies.
The Large-Cap
Companies and the Mid-Cap Companies were chosen because they participate in the
global advertising and marketing communications industry and possess financial
and operating characteristics that have similarities to those of True North and
Interpublic.
None of the other companies used in this analysis as a comparison
is identical to True North or Interpublic.

   
This analysis showed that the closing market prices of True North and
Interpublic appreciated during the period from January 1, 1997 through March
16, 2001 as follows:

      True North.........................................................  82.8%
      Interpublic........................................................
118.9%

   The table below shows the relative stock price appreciation of True North,
the S&P 500 Index and the Large-Cap Companies and Mid-Cap Companies from
January 1, 1997 through March 16, 2001:

      True North.........................................................  82.8%
      S&P 500 Index......................................................  59.2%
      Large-Cap Companies................................................ 188.5%
      Mid-Cap Companies.................................................. 176.6%

 Comparable Company Analysis

   Comparable company analysis examines a company's trading performance
relative to a group of publicly traded peers.
Morgan Stanley performed a
comparable public company trading analysis pursuant to which it calculated
price to 2000 and 2001 estimated earnings multiples based on Institutional
Brokers Estimates System (also known as IBES) estimates and the multiple of
aggregate value as of March 16, 2001 to 2001 estimated earnings before
interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (also known as EBITDA) based on
recent Morgan Stanley equity research estimates for True North.
Morgan Stanley
then compared the multiples obtained for True North with multiples obtained
from publicly available information for a group of selected advertising and
marketing communications companies.

   
The group of selected advertising and marketing communications companies
included Omnicom, Interpublic, WPP, Cordiant, Havas, True North and Publicis.

Morgan Stanley selected these companies, other than True North, because they
are publicly traded companies with advertising and marketing communications
operations that for purposes of this analysis may be considered similar to
those of True North.

   
The analysis showed the following multiples:

                                                                    
Aggregate
                                           Price/2000E Price/2001E Value/2001E
                                            Earnings    Earnings     EBITDA
                                           ----------- -----------
-----------

     True North...........................    18.5        19.2         8.6
     Group of selected advertising and
      marketing communications companies:
       Low................................    18.5        19.2         8.6
       Median.............................    29.4        23.8         9.9
       High...............................    34.9        30.0        13.6

   Based on an analysis of the comparable companies and the corresponding
information for True North, including the Adjusted True North Management
Projections, Morgan Stanley estimated a per share value for True North common
stock between $38 and $43.

   
No company utilized in the comparable company analysis, other than True
North itself, is identical to True North.
In evaluating the comparable
companies, Morgan Stanley made judgments and assumptions with regard to
industry performance, general business, economic, market and financial
conditions and other matters, many of which are beyond the control of True
North, including the impact of competition on the business of True North and
the industry generally, industry growth and the absence of any material adverse
change in the financial condition and prospects of True North or the industry
or in the financial markets in general, which could affect the public trading
value of the companies.
Mathematical analysis, such as determining the average
or median, is not in itself a meaningful method of using comparable company
data.

 
Discounted Cash Flow Analysis

   Morgan Stanley estimated the unlevered free cash flows that could be
produced by True North in fiscal years 2001 through 2011, based on a review of
the Adjusted True North Management Projections.
Morgan Stanley calculated a
discounted cash flow analysis for True North assuming discount rates ranging
from 9.75% to 10.75%, based on Morgan Stanley's analysis of True North's
weighted average cost of capital, and terminal values for True North by
applying multiples of unlevered EBITDA in the year 2011 from 8.0x to 9.0x.
This
analysis produced an implied equity value per share of True North common stock
between approximately $42 and $46.

 
Stand-Alone Discounted Equity Value Analysis

   Morgan Stanley calculated the implied present value to holders of shares of
True North common stock of estimated future dividends to be received from True
North and future implied True North stock price based upon the Adjusted True
North Management Projections and assuming an equity discount rate of 10.25% and
2003 price to earnings multiples in a range of 15x to 20x.
Morgan Stanley noted
that True North's ratio of stock price to one-year forward earnings had ranged,
over the 1997 to early 2001 period, from 12x-27x, and had been most
consistently in a range of 15x-20x.

   
Based on this analysis, Morgan Stanley calculated the present value of
equity, including dividend returns, per share of True North common stock in a
range of approximately $31 to $41.

 
Selected Precedent Transactions Analysis

   Using publicly available information, Morgan Stanley reviewed the terms of
selected announced, pending or completed transactions in the advertising
industry.
These transactions are:

  .  
the Interpublic/Deutsch, Inc. transaction,

  .  
the Publicis S.A./Saatchi & Saatchi PLC transaction,

  .  
the WPP Group PLC/Young & Rubicam Inc. transaction,

  .  
The Leo Group/The MacManus Group transaction,

  .  
the Interpublic/International Public Relations PLC transaction,

  .  
the Chancellor Media Corp./Martin Media LP transaction,

  .  
the Chancellor Media Corp./Petry Media Corp. transaction,

  .  
the Snyder Communications, Inc./Arnold Communications Inc. transaction,

  .  
the Omnicom Group Inc./GGT Group PLC transaction,

  .  
the CLT-UFA S.A./Havas Intermediation S.A. transaction,

  .  
the True North/Bozell, Jacobs, Kenyon & Eckhardt, Inc. transaction,

  .  
the Outdoor Systems, Inc./Van Wagner Communications, Inc. transaction,

  .  
the GGT Group PLC/BDDP Worldwide transaction,

  .  
the DLJ Merchant Banking Partners L.P./Katz Media Corporation
     transaction,

  .  
the Omnicom Group Inc./Boase Massimi Pollitt PLC transaction,

  .  
the WPP Group PLC/Ogilvy Group, Inc. transaction,

  .  
the WPP Group PLC/JWT Group, Inc. transaction and

  .  
the Saatchi & Saatchi Company PLC/Ted Bates Worldwide Inc. transaction.

   
The table below presents the high, low and median ratios for these
transactions of aggregate value to each of the last twelve months (also known
as LTM), revenues, EBITDA and earnings before interest and taxes (also known as
EBIT) and equity value to LTM net income.

                                           
Aggregate Value/LTM
                                                   (x)
                                           --------------------
Equity Value/LTM
                                           Revenues EBITDA EBIT  Net Income (x)
                                           --------
------ ----
----------------

     High.................................   3.0     24.6  34.8       49.5
     Low..................................   0.4      7.2  10.0       13.6
     Median...............................   1.0      9.1  21.3       22.7

   Based on the Adjusted True North Management Projections, Morgan Stanley
estimated per share transaction values for True North common stock ranging from
approximately $31 to $52.

   
No company or transaction utilized as a comparison in the precedent
transactions analysis is identical to Interpublic, True North or the merger.
In
evaluating the precedent transactions, Morgan Stanley made judgments and
assumptions regarding industry performance, general business, economic, market
and financial conditions and other matters, many of which are beyond the
control of True North or Interpublic, including the impact of competition on
True North and the industry in general, industry growth and the absence of any
material adverse change in the financial condition and prospects of True North,
Interpublic or the industry or in the financial markets in general, which could
affect the public trading value of the companies and the aggregate value of the
transactions to which they are being compared.
Mathematical analysis (such as
determining the average or median) is not in itself a meaningful method of
using comparable transaction data.

 
Exchange Ratio Analysis

   Morgan Stanley reviewed the implied historical exchange ratios for the
shares of common stock of each of True North and Interpublic, determined by
dividing the price per share of True North common stock by the price per share
of Interpublic common stock over the period from January 1, 1997 to March 16,
2001.
Morgan Stanley performed this analysis to compare the premium represented
by the exchange ratio with the premium represented by historical exchange
ratios prevailing in the open market.
This analysis indicated the following
premiums represented by the average historical exchange ratios prevailing in
the open market:

                     Period Ended                                 Exchange Ratio
                       March 16,                   Period Average  Premium vs.
                         2001                          
Ratio      Period Average
                     ------------                  --------------
--------------

     January 1, 1997..............................      0.94x           21%
     LTM Average..................................      1.00            14%
     
Prior 90 Day Average.........................      0.97            18%
     Prior 30 Day Average.........................      1.00            14%

 Relative Contribution Analysis

   Morgan Stanley compared the pro forma contributions of True North and
Interpublic, based on the Adjusted True North Management Projections and the
Interpublic Projections, to the combined company assuming consummation of the
merger.
Morgan Stanley observed, among other things, that based on the actual
revenue, EBITDA, EBIT, net income and cash net income for fiscal 2000 for each
company, True North would have contributed between 13.2% and 19.8% to the
combined company's pro forma revenue, EBITDA, EBIT, net income and cash net
income for fiscal 2000.
Morgan Stanley also observed, among other things, that
based on the projected revenue, EBITDA, EBIT, net income and cash net income
for each company, True North would contribute between 14.9% and 20.0% to the
combined company's projected revenue, EBITDA, EBIT, net income and cash net
income for fiscal 2001 and 2002.
These figures were compared to the pro forma
fully diluted ownership of the combined company by holders of True North common
stock and common stock equivalents of 15.8% implied by the exchange ratio.

 
Pro Forma Analysis of the Merger

   Morgan Stanley analyzed the pro forma effect of the merger on Interpublic's
estimated earnings per share for the fiscal years ending 2001 through 2003.
The
analysis was based on the Adjusted True North Management Projections and the
Interpublic Projections.
The analysis assumed the completion of the merger and
included the value of certain benefits of the combination as estimated by the
managements of True North and Interpublic.
This analysis indicated that the
impact of the merger on estimated earnings per share of Interpublic common
stock would be modestly accretive (in the range of 1.0% to 1.3%) in each year
during the period (also known as the Pro Forma Interpublic Earnings).

 
Observations of Interpublic Valuation on a Stand-Alone and Pro Forma Basis

   Morgan Stanley noted that Interpublic common stock, as of March 16, 2001,
traded at 20.8 times projected one-year forward earnings (also known as P/E)
versus its five-year historical average P/E of 25.3 times and the then current
forward earnings multiples of the other Large-Cap Companies, WPP (24.8x) and
Omnicom (30.0x).
Morgan Stanley observed that based upon the Pro Forma
Interpublic Earnings, the exchange ratio and an equity discount rate of 10.25%,
the implied present value of the Interpublic common stock received by holders
of True North common stock in the merger varies based upon Interpublic's future
forward P/E in 2003 as indicated in the table below:

                                                                 Implied Present
                                                                 Value Per True
                                                             P/E   North Share
                                                             --- ---------------

     Current Interpublic P/E................................  21     $43.54
     Five Year Average Interpublic P/E......................  25     $51.83

   In connection with the review of the merger by the True North Board, Morgan
Stanley performed a variety of financial and comparative analyses for purposes
of rendering its opinion.
The preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex
process and is not necessarily susceptible to a partial analysis or summary
description.
In arriving at its opinion, Morgan Stanley considered the results
of all of its analyses as a whole and did not attribute any particular weight
to any particular analysis or factor considered by it.
Morgan Stanley believes
that the summary provided and the analyses described above must be considered
as a whole and that selecting any portion of its analyses without considering
all analyses would create an incomplete view of the process underlying its
analyses and opinion.
In addition, Morgan Stanley may have given various
analyses and factors more or less weight than other analyses and factors, and
Morgan Stanley may have deemed various assumptions more or less probable than
other assumptions, so that the range of valuations resulting from any
particular analysis described above should not be taken to be Morgan Stanley's
view of the actual value of True North or Interpublic.

   
In performing its analyses, Morgan Stanley made numerous assumptions with
respect to industry performance, general business and economic conditions and
other matters, many of which are beyond the control of True North or
Interpublic.
Any estimates contained in Morgan Stanley's analyses are not
necessarily indicative of future results or actual values, which may be
significantly more or less favorable than those suggested by these estimates.

These analyses were prepared solely as a part of Morgan Stanley's analysis of
the fairness from a financial point of view to the holders of True North common
stock of the exchange ratio pursuant to the merger agreement and were conducted
in connection with the delivery by Morgan Stanley of its opinion to the True
North Board.
The analyses do not purport to be appraisals of value or to
reflect the prices at which shares of True North common stock or Interpublic
common stock might actually trade.
In addition, as described above, the Morgan
Stanley opinion was one of the many factors taken into consideration by the
True North Board in making its determination to approve the merger.
The
exchange ratio and other terms of the merger agreement were determined through
arm's-length negotiations between True North and Interpublic and were approved
by the True North Board.
Morgan Stanley did not recommend any specific
consideration to True North or that any specific consideration constituted the
only appropriate consideration for the merger.
Consequently, the Morgan Stanley
analyses as described above should not be viewed as determinative of the

opinion of the Board with respect to the value of True North common stock or of
whether the True North Board would have been willing to agree to different
consideration.

   
Morgan Stanley is an internationally recognized investment banking and
advisory firm.
Morgan Stanley, as part of its investment banking and financial
advisory business, is continuously involved in the valuation of businesses and
their securities in connection with mergers and acquisitions, negotiated
underwritings, competitive biddings, secondary distributions of listed and
unlisted securities, private placements and valuations for corporate and other
purposes.
In the course of its trading, brokerage and financing activities,
Morgan Stanley or its affiliates may, at any time, hold long or short positions
in, and buy and sell the debt or equity securities or senior loans of True
North or Interpublic for its account or the account of its customers.
Morgan
Stanley and its affiliates have, in the past, provided financial advisory and
financing services to True North and Interpublic and have received fees for the
rendering of these services.
Morgan Stanley may also provide investment banking
services to the combined entity in the future.

   
True North has agreed to pay Morgan Stanley an advisory fee of approximately
$150,000-$250,000 if the merger is not completed, based primarily on the amount
of time spent on the engagement by Morgan Stanley, an exposure fee of $2.5
million, payable under specified circumstances, and a transaction fee upon
completion of the merger, against which any advisory and exposure fees paid
will be credited, of approximately $10 million.

   
True North has also agreed to reimburse Morgan Stanley for any out-of-pocket
expenses incurred by Morgan Stanley in connection with its engagement and to
indemnify Morgan Stanley and its affiliates, their respective directors,
officers, agents and employees and each person, if any, controlling Morgan
Stanley or any of its affiliates against various liabilities and expenses,
including various liabilities under the federal securities laws, related to or
arising out of Morgan Stanley's engagement.


Interests of True North's Directors and Management in the Merger

   Some of the directors and officers of True North have interests in the
merger that are different from, or in addition to, the interests of True North
stockholders generally.
These interests, to the extent material, are described
below.
The True North board was aware of these interests and considered them,
among other matters, in approving the merger agreement and the merger.

 
Options

   The merger agreement provides that, from and after the effective time of the
merger, each outstanding True North stock option will be assumed by Interpublic
and become an option to purchase that number of Interpublic shares determined
by multiplying

  .  
the number of shares subject to the True North option immediately prior
     to the effective time of the merger, by

  .  
the exchange ratio,

at an exercise price per Interpublic share equal to the exercise price per True
North share immediately prior to the effective time of the merger divided by
the exchange ratio.
As of the effective time, each True North option converted
into an Interpublic option will be subject to the same terms and conditions as
were applicable immediately prior to the effective time under the related
option agreement and stock option plan under which it was originally granted.

   
Under the terms of the True North stock option plan, the vesting and
exercisability of outstanding True North options will accelerate as a result of
the merger.
Under the terms of the True North outside director stock option
plan, the vesting and exercisability of outstanding stock options held by non-
employee directors will not accelerate as a result of the merger.
The following
table discloses as of April 30, 2001, for each True

North employee director, a director who was formerly the chief financial
officer of True North and is currently a part-time employee, the current chief
financial officer of True North and for all directors and executive officers as
a group, the number of True North shares subject to options that will be
subject to accelerated vesting upon the merger.

                                               
Number of Non-Vested Exercise
                 Name and Title                   Option Shares      Price
   ------------------------------------------  --------------------
--------

   David A. Bell                                      13,400         $24.00
    Chairman and Chief Executive Officer              46,667          37.00
                                                     115,000          38.30
   Leo-Arthur Kelmenson                               22,700          24.00
    Director and Chairman, FCB Worldwide              33,334          37.00
   J. Brendan Ryan                                    10,000          20.00
    Director and Chief Executive Officer, FCB
     Worldwide                                        12,000          27.06
                                                      16,734          24.00
                                                      38,000          37.00
                                                      73,200          38.30
   Donald L. Seeley (a)                                8,000          20.88
    Director and part-time employee                    8,000          27.06
                                                       8,867          24.00
   Kevin J. Smith                                      6,000          28.88
    Executive Vice President and Chief
     Financial Officer                                 2,000          24.00
                                                       4,000          30.75
                                                      13,334          37.00
                                                      21,600          38.30
   All directors and executive officers as a
    group (25 persons)                               821,859         $35.42(b)

- --------
(a) Represents options granted to Mr. Seeley during the term of his full-time
    employment by True North.


(b) Represents the weighted average exercise price.

 
Restricted Stock

   Upon the merger, each outstanding share of restricted True North common
stock will convert into shares of Interpublic common stock and no longer be
subject to restrictions pursuant to its terms.
The following table discloses as
of April 30, 2001, for four executive officers and for all executive officers
as a group, the number of shares of restricted stock for which restrictions
will lapse upon the merger.

                                                                   
Shares of
                                Name                            Restricted Stock
      ---------------------------------------------------------
----------------

      David A. Bell............................................       8,363
      Leo-Arthur Kelmenson.....................................       3,971
      J. Brendan Ryan..........................................       7,480
      Kevin J. Smith...........................................       
2,803
      All executive officers as a group (16 persons)...........      66,617

 Employment Agreements

   True North has entered into employment agreements with many of its executive
officers (including Messrs. Bell, Kelmenson, Ryan and Smith) that provide,
among other things, for the payment of severance benefits in the event of
termination of the executive's employment under specified circumstances.

Although the

availability of severance benefits under these employment agreements is not
automatically triggered upon the occurrence of a change in control, many of
these agreements contain constructive termination provisions that would permit
the executives to leave True North and trigger their severance benefits
(generally comprised of base salary, incentive compensation and other benefits
for up to three years) based upon specified adverse changes in their
employment.
These adverse changes generally include a material diminution in
duties and responsibilities, a material adverse change in title, office or
reporting responsibilities, a decrease in base salary and any material change
in the geographic location of the executive's employment.
In addition, in Mr.
Ryan's agreement an adverse change also includes the failure to continue to
nominate Mr. Ryan for membership on the board of directors of the publicly-held
company that ultimately controls FCB Worldwide.

   
Some benefits in the employment agreements with executive officers of True
North are accelerated in the event an executive's employment terminates under
specified circumstances following a change in control, such as the proposed
merger.
For example, Mr. Ryan's employment agreement provides that if he is
terminated without cause or if he terminates his employment for specified
reasons within two years following the merger, the cash portion of his
severance payments would be payable in a lump sum, rather than in periodic
installments.
Moreover, the employment agreements for Mr. Bell and Mr. Ryan
each provide that, in the event that severance benefits become payable to him
within two years following the merger, then these severance benefits may be
reduced to the extent necessary to maximize the benefits to him after taking
excise and other taxes into account.
The employment agreements for other True
North executive officers contain similar provisions.

 
Asset Protection Plan

   True North maintains an Asset Protection Plan for the benefit of specified
key employees (including three executive officers) who are not parties to
employment agreements with True North.
The Asset Protection Plan provides for
the payment of severance benefits if the employee's employment terminates under
specified circumstances within 24 months after the adoption of the merger
agreement by the True North stockholders.
If during this period the employee's
employment is terminated without cause or the employee resigns due to certain
adverse changes in his or her employment, then the employee will receive a lump
sum severance payment equal to the employee's accrued base salary and a pro
rata bonus for the year of termination, plus a multiple of the employee's
annual base salary and the average of specified prior bonuses, which for the
covered executive officers would be equal to one times their respective base
salaries and average bonuses.
The employee would also be entitled to continued
health and life benefits over a specified period of time following termination
of employment, which for the covered executive officers would continue for up
to one year following termination.

 
Indemnification and Insurance

   Interpublic has agreed in the merger agreement that all rights under any
organizational documents of True North or any agreement of current and former
directors and officers of True North to indemnification for acts and omissions
before the merger will survive the merger.

   
The merger agreement also provides that, for six years following the merger,
Interpublic will maintain directors' and officers' liability insurance coverage
for the directors and officers of True North to the extent currently maintained
by True North or, if less, to the extent available at a cost not to exceed 150
percent of the last annual premium paid prior to March 18, 2001.

 
Executive Benefit Trust

   Within seven days after the True North stockholders approve the merger and
at the end of each 12-month period after that date, True North will transfer
cash or life insurance policies into a trust in an amount sufficient to pay,
when due, the administrative expenses of the trust and the benefits that have
accrued under True North's

Part-Time Directors Employment Agreement Program, Deferred Variable Incentive
Compensation Program and Deferred Compensation Plan (and related predecessor
deferred compensation plans) pursuant to their terms.

 
New Positions at Interpublic

   The merger agreement provides that, on the day of the merger, Mr. Bell and
Mr. Ryan will become members of the Interpublic Board and that Mr. Bell will
become vice chairman of Interpublic.


Anticipated Accounting Treatment

   The merger is expected to qualify as a pooling of interests for accounting
and financial reporting purposes.
Under this method of accounting:

  .   
the recorded assets and liabilities of Interpublic and True North will
      be carried forward to the combined company at their recorded amounts,
      subject to any adjustments required to conform the accounting policies
      of the companies; and

  .   
income of the combined company will include income of Interpublic and
      True North for the entire fiscal year in which the merger occurs.

   
Each of Interpublic and True North has agreed that it will do the best it
reasonably can to cause its independent accountants to deliver a letter to the
other relating to the qualification of the merger as a pooling of interests for
accounting purposes.
In addition, each of Interpublic and True North has agreed
not to take any action that would prevent or impede the merger from qualifying
as a pooling of interests for accounting and financial reporting purposes.
The
receipt of the accountants' "pooling" letters is a condition to the merger that
may be waived by Interpublic, but not by True North.


Regulatory Approvals

   We set forth below a summary of the regulatory clearances and approvals
required to effect the merger.
While we believe that we will obtain those
requisite regulatory clearances and approvals for the merger, we cannot assure
you that we will obtain these approvals on satisfactory terms or otherwise.

   
United States.
The Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act and the
rules promulgated under this Act by the Federal Trade Commission require, in
connection with the merger, the provision of notifications and information to
the Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice and the FTC and the
satisfaction of specified waiting period requirements.
On April 18, 2001,
Interpublic and True North filed the required pre-merger notification and
report forms with the Antitrust Division and the FTC.
The waiting period in
connection with this filing is expected to expire on May 18, 2001, absent an
early termination, extension or request for additional information.
We may not
complete the merger until the satisfaction of this waiting period requirement.

Additional filings and clearances under this Act may be required in connection
with the receipt by a True North stockholder of Interpublic stock with a value
in excess of $50 million and the indirect acquisition by Interpublic of a
minority investment held by True North.

   
The Antitrust Division and the FTC frequently scrutinize the legality under
the antitrust laws of transactions like the merger.
At any time before or after
the completion of the merger, the Antitrust Division or the FTC could take any
action under the antitrust laws as it deems necessary or desirable in the
public interest, including seeking to enjoin the completion of the merger or
seeking the divestiture of substantial assets of Interpublic or True North.

   
Outside the United States.
The completion of the merger is also subject to
regulatory clearances and approvals by authorities outside the United States,
consisting primarily of antitrust regulators from the European Union, South
Africa, Canada and Israel.

   
In addition, we have been advised that we may complete the merger before we
have obtained regulatory approvals and clearances in Colombia, Slovakia and
Turkey so long as we postpone integration and other changes to the operations
of Interpublic and True North in these three jurisdictions until after we have
obtained the applicable approvals and clearances there.

   
General.
We are not aware of any governmental approvals or actions that may
be required for completion of the merger other than as described above.
Should
any other approval or action be required, we currently contemplate that the
approval would be sought or action taken.

   
The merger agreement obligates each of Interpublic and True North to
complete the merger only if the waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino
Antitrust Improvements Act has terminated or expired and if the companies have
obtained or made all other governmental approvals, clearances and filings that,
if not obtained, would have a material adverse effect or the effect of making
the merger illegal.

   
In addition, the merger agreement provides that Interpublic need not agree
to conditions in connection with obtaining regulatory clearances and approvals
if the conditions would have a material and adverse impact on Interpublic, True
North or the benefits that Interpublic would otherwise have derived from the
merger.

   
The satisfaction of these regulatory requirements may jeopardize or delay
completion of the merger or may reduce the anticipated benefits of the merger
because governmental authorities may subject the completion of the merger to
compliance with conditions.


Resale of Shares of Interpublic Common Stock

   Shares of Interpublic common stock issuable to True North stockholders upon
completion of the merger will have been registered under the Securities Act.

These securities may be traded freely in the United States without restriction
by those stockholders who are not deemed to be affiliates of Interpublic or
True North for purposes of the rules promulgated under the Securities Act.

   
If you are an affiliate of Interpublic or True North as that term is used in
the Securities Act, you may not use this document in connection with any resale
by you of shares of Interpublic common stock that you receive as a result of
the merger.

   
True North has agreed in the merger agreement to use its reasonable best
efforts to cause each person who may be deemed to be an affiliate of True North
to execute and deliver to Interpublic a letter in which the person agrees,
among other things, not to sell, transfer, or otherwise dispose of any of the
shares of Interpublic common stock distributed to them in connection with the
merger, including upon exercise of the True North stock options to be assumed
by Interpublic by reason of the merger, except in compliance with Rule 145
under the Securities Act, in a transaction that is otherwise exempt from the
registration requirements of the Securities Act or in an offering registered
under the Securities Act.
The letter agreement provides further that the person
may not sell or otherwise reduce his or her risk relative to shares of
Interpublic common stock until Interpublic publishes consolidated financial
results covering at least 30 days of post-merger combined operations of True
North and Interpublic.
In addition, the letter agreement prohibits sales,
pledges, transfers or other dispositions of shares of True North common stock
during the 30 days preceding the merger.
During the periods described above,
subject to providing written notice to Interpublic and other restrictions, and
to the extent permitted under the pooling of interests accounting rules and
applicable securities laws, affiliates of True North will be permitted to sell
or make charitable contributions or gifts of up to 10% of the shares of
Interpublic common stock received by them or True North common stock owned by
them.


No Appraisal Rights

   Under applicable Delaware law, you will have no appraisal rights in
connection with the merger.


Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger

   It is the opinion of Sidley Austin Brown & Wood, counsel to True North, and
of Cleary, Gottlieb, Steen & Hamilton, counsel to Interpublic, that subject to
the accuracy of customary representations made by True North and Interpublic,
and subject to customary assumptions, the merger will qualify as a
reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue
Code.
Accordingly, the following material U.S. federal income tax consequences
will result from the merger:

  .   
no gain or loss will be recognized by True North, Interpublic's merger
      subsidiary or Interpublic as a result of the merger;

  .   
no gain or loss will be recognized by you when you receive Interpublic
      common stock in exchange for True North common stock in the merger,
      except with respect to cash received in lieu of a fractional share of
      Interpublic common stock;

  .   
the tax basis of the Interpublic common stock received by you in the
      merger will be the same as the tax basis of your True North common
      stock surrendered in the merger reduced by the tax basis allocable to
      fractional shares for which cash is received; and

  .   
the holding period for Interpublic common stock that you receive in the
      merger will include the holding period of your shares of True North
      common stock if you held the True North common stock as a capital asset
      at the time of the merger.

   
The opinions are based on the Internal Revenue Code, U.S. Treasury
regulations, current administrative rulings and practice and judicial
authority, all of which are subject to change, possibly with retroactive
effect.
The Internal Revenue Service, which we refer to in this document as the
Service, will not be asked to rule on the tax consequences of the merger.

Instead, True North will rely on the opinion of Sidley Austin Brown & Wood and
Interpublic will rely on the opinion of Cleary, Gottlieb, Steen & Hamilton.

These opinions have been filed with the Commission, and you can obtain copies
of them as described under "Where You Can Find More Information" on page 69.
An
opinion of counsel is not binding on the Service and the Service could take a
position different from what is reflected in the opinions.
We cannot assure you
that the opinions will be upheld by the courts if challenged by the Service.
We
urge you to consult your own tax and financial advisors regarding the U.S.
federal income tax consequences of the merger for you based on your own
particular facts and circumstances as well as any state, local, foreign or
other tax consequences of the merger.

   
If you receive cash for any fractional share interest in a share of
Interpublic common stock in the merger, you will be treated as though
Interpublic distributed an actual fractional share interest to you and then
redeemed the fractional share interest for cash.
The difference between the
cash amount you will receive for the fractional share interest and the amount
of your tax basis in the True North common stock allocable to that fractional
share interest will generally be capital gain or loss if you hold your True
North common stock as a capital asset at the time of the merger.
Capital gains
recognized by an individual holder on capital assets held for more than one
year generally are treated as long-term capital gains, which are subject to a
maximum rate of 20%.

   
True North stockholders will be required to retain records and file a
statement setting forth facts relating to the merger with their U.S. federal
income tax returns.

   
The treatment of the holder of restricted True North common stock whose
shares convert into shares of Interpublic common stock will depend on whether
the holder made an election under section 83(b) of the Code with respect to the
restricted True North common stock.
If a valid section 83(b) election was made,
the holder will have the same treatment in the merger as the holders of
unrestricted True North common stock.
If a valid section 83(b) election was not
made, the holder generally will recognize ordinary compensation income upon the
receipt of Interpublic common stock equal to the fair market value on the date
of exchange (plus any cash received in lieu of a fractional share).
A holder
who has not made a valid section 83(b) election will be subject

to withholding at the applicable federal, state and local rates.
A holder who
has not made a valid section 83(b) election will also have a tax basis in the
Interpublic shares equal to their fair market value on the date compensation
income with respect to the shares is recognized and a holding period that
commences on the following day.

   
The discussion above summarizes the material U.S. federal income tax
consequences of the merger, but may not address the particular facts and
circumstances of your situation.
It does not discuss all of the consequences
that may be relevant to you if you are entitled to special treatment under the
Internal Revenue Code (as are insurance companies, dealers in securities or
currencies, traders in securities electing to mark to market, exempt
organizations, holders that hold True North common stock as part of a hedge,
straddle, constructive sale or conversion transaction or foreign persons).

   
The summary set forth above is not a complete analysis of all potential tax
effects of the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement or the merger
itself.
For example, the summary does not discuss the tax effects of the
conversion of True North options into Interpublic options.
Further, no
information is provided in this document regarding the tax consequences, if
any, of the merger or the exchange of shares in the merger under state, local,
foreign or other tax laws or under proposed changes in applicable tax laws.


New York Stock Exchange Listing of Interpublic Common Stock; De-listing and De-
registration of True North Common Stock

   The listing on the New York Stock Exchange of the shares of Interpublic
common stock to be issued in the merger is a condition to the merger.

   
Following the merger, True North common stock will be de-listed from the New
York Stock Exchange and will be de-registered under the Securities Exchange
Act.

                              
THE MERGER AGREEMENT

   
The following is a summary of the material provisions of the merger
agreement.
This description is qualified in its entirety by reference to the
merger agreement itself, a copy of which is attached as Annex A to this
document.
You should read the merger agreement in its entirety because it is
the primary legal document that governs the merger.


Effective Time of the Merger

   Promptly after the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions to the merger
set forth in the merger agreement, we will file a certificate of merger with
the Secretary of State of Delaware.
When this filing has been made, Veritas
Acquisition Corp., a newly formed wholly owned merger subsidiary of
Interpublic, will be merged with and into True North, and the separate
corporate existence of this merger subsidiary will cease.
True North will
survive the merger and exist as a wholly owned subsidiary of Interpublic.

Immediately following the merger, the officers of True North at the effective
time of the merger will continue as the officers of True North.
The directors
of True North at the effective time of the merger will be those designated by
Interpublic to be directors of its merger subsidiary.
In addition, the merger
agreement provides that, on the day of the merger, David A. Bell and J. Brendan
Ryan will become members of the Interpublic Board and David A. Bell will become
vice-chairman of Interpublic.


What True North Stockholders Will Receive in the Merger

   Each share of True North common stock will convert into the right to receive
1.14 shares of Interpublic common stock.
This exchange ratio will be adjusted
in the event of any reclassification, stock split or stock dividend with
respect to Interpublic common stock or any change or conversion of Interpublic
common stock prior to the effective time of the merger but will not be adjusted
for any other reason.


True North Stock Options and Deferred Stock Compensation

   Each outstanding True North stock option will become an option to acquire a
number of shares of Interpublic common stock equal to the number of shares
subject to the option multiplied by the exchange ratio, with the exercise price
being adjusted by dividing the exercise price immediately prior to the merger
by the exchange ratio.

   
At the effective time of the merger, each nonemployee director of True North
who elected to receive shares of True North common stock pursuant to the True
North deferred stock compensation program will instead receive the number of
shares of Interpublic common stock equal to the product of:

  .   
the number of shares of True North common stock that the nonemployee
      director would otherwise be entitled to receive; and

  .   
the exchange ratio.


Exchange of True North Common Stock

   Interpublic will authorize Equiserve to act as the exchange agent to handle
the exchange of True North common stock certificates in the merger.
Soon after
the closing of the merger, the exchange agent will send to each holder of True
North common stock a letter of transmittal for use in the exchange and
instructions explaining how to surrender certificates to the exchange agent.

Holders who surrender their certificates to the exchange agent, together with a
properly completed letter of transmittal, will receive the appropriate merger
consideration.
Holders of unexchanged stock certificates will receive any
dividends payable by Interpublic after the merger only after they surrender
their certificates.

   
Interpublic will not issue any fractional shares of its common stock in the
merger.
Each holder of True North common stock will instead receive cash equal
to the product of:

  .   
the per share closing price on the New York Stock Exchange of the
      Interpublic common stock on the date of the effective time of the
      merger; and

  .   
the fraction of shares to which the stockholder would otherwise be
      entitled.

   
If your True North stock certificates have been lost, stolen or destroyed,
you will only be entitled to obtain Interpublic common stock or other merger
consideration by providing an affidavit of loss and, if required by
Interpublic, posting a bond in an amount sufficient to protect Interpublic
against claims related to your True North certificates.


Representations and Warranties

 Representations and Warranties by True North

   The merger agreement contains representations and warranties by True North,
many of which are qualified by a materiality threshold specified in the
agreement, with respect to the following:

  .   
its corporate organization and existence;

  .   
its capitalization;

  .   
its subsidiaries;

  .   
its financing and investment obligations;

  .   
its agreements and obligations relating to Modem Media, Inc.;

  .   
its corporate power and authority to execute, deliver and perform its
      obligations under the merger agreement;

  .   
its Board's:

    .   
approval of the merger;

    .   
determination that the merger is advisable and fair to and in the
        best interests of True North and its stockholders;

    .   
recommendation that True North's stockholders approve and adopt the
        merger agreement; and

    .   
direction that the merger agreement be submitted to True North's
        stockholders for approval and adoption;

  .   required governmental and other third party consents, clearances,
      approvals, authorizations and notifications in connection with the
      merger;

  .   
compliance of the merger agreement and the merger with True North's
      organizational documents, contracts and applicable law;

  .   
its financial statements and filings with the Commission;

  .   
accuracy of information about True North in this document;

  .   
its conduct of business in the ordinary course and the absence of
      undisclosed changes;

  .   
its compliance with its organizational documents and applicable law;

  .   
its contracts;

  .   
tax matters;

  .   
the absence of undisclosed litigation, claims or other proceedings;

  .   
its employee benefit plans and related matters;

  .   
labor matters;

  .   
its receipt of an opinion of Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated that, as
      of March 18, 2001, the exchange ratio pursuant to the merger agreement
      is fair from a financial point of view to the holders of shares of True
      North common stock;

  .   
the required vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding
      shares of True North common stock to approve the merger;

  .   
the absence of any action or knowledge of any fact or circumstance that
      would prevent the qualification of the merger as a "pooling of
      interests" for accounting and financial reporting purposes and as a
      reorganization within the meaning of Section 368 of the Internal
      Revenue Code;

  .   
brokers' and finders' fees with respect to the merger;

  .   
the exemption of the merger agreement and the merger from triggering
      any rights under the Stockholder Rights Plan of True North, which is
      described in "Rights Plan" on page 68;

  .   
the inapplicability of state anti-takeover statutes to the merger
      agreement; and

  .   
its earn-out and deferred purchase price arrangements.

 
Representations and Warranties by Interpublic

   The merger agreement contains representations and warranties by Interpublic
and its wholly owned merger subsidiary, many of which are qualified by a
materiality threshold specified in the agreement, with respect to the
following:

  .   
its corporate organization and existence;

  .   
its capitalization;

  .   
its subsidiaries;

  .   
its corporate power and authority to execute, deliver and perform its
      obligations under the merger agreement;

  .   
its Board's:

    .   
approval of the merger; and

    .   
determination that the merger is advisable and fair to and in the
        best interest of Interpublic and its stockholders;

  .   required governmental and other third party consents, clearances,
      approvals, authorizations and notifications in connection with the
      merger;

  .   
compliance of the merger agreement and the merger with Interpublic's
      organizational documents, contracts and applicable law;

  .   
its financial statements and filings with the Commission;

  .   
accuracy of information about Interpublic in this document;

  .   
the absence of undisclosed changes;

  .   
its compliance with its organizational documents and applicable law;

  .   
its contracts;

  .   
the absence of undisclosed litigation, claims or other proceedings;

  .   
its receipt of an opinion of Goldman, Sachs & Co. that, as of March 18,
      2001, the exchange ratio is fair, from a financial point of view, to
      Interpublic;

  .   
the absence of any requirement that the stockholders of Interpublic
      approve the merger agreement or the transactions contemplated by the
      merger agreement;

  .   
the absence of any action or knowledge of any fact or circumstance that
      would prevent the qualification of the merger as a "pooling of
      interests" for accounting and financial reporting purposes and as a
      reorganization within the meaning of Section 368 of the Internal
      Revenue Code;

  .   
brokers' and finders' fees with respect to the merger; and

  .   
the formation of the wholly owned merger subsidiary.


Covenants and Other Agreements

 Conduct of Business by True North

   True North has agreed that until the merger it will:

  .   
conduct its business in the ordinary course;

  .   
seek to preserve its business organizations;

  .   
seek to keep available the services of its officers and employees;

  .   
seek to preserve its relationships with customers, suppliers and others
      with whom it has business relations;

  .   not pay dividends or make distributions other than regular quarterly
      cash dividends consistent with past practice;

  .   not engage in other specified transactions relating to its capital
      stock;

  .   not amend its organizational documents; and

  .   
not take any action that would result in its inability to satisfy
      conditions to the merger.


In addition, True North has agreed that until the merger it will not engage in
any of a number of material transactions specified in the agreement.

 
Conduct of Business by Interpublic

   Interpublic has agreed that until the merger it will not:

  .   
pay dividends or make distributions other than regular quarterly
      dividends consistent with past practice;

  .   
liquidate or dissolve itself;

  .   
amend its organizational documents in a manner adverse to holders of
      its or True North's common stock; or

  .   
take any actions that would result in its inability to satisfy
      conditions to the merger.

 
No Solicitation

   True North has agreed in the merger agreement that it will not, and will not
authorize or knowingly allow its subsidiaries or its officers, directors,
representatives or advisors or those of its subsidiaries to:

  .   
solicit, initiate or purposefully encourage any takeover proposal;

  .   
enter into any agreements with respect to any takeover proposal;

  .   
engage in any discussions or negotiations concerning any takeover
      proposal;

  .   
furnish any information in connection with any takeover proposal;

  .   
knowingly facilitate any takeover proposal or inquiries that may lead
      to a takeover proposal;

  .   
waive or amend any confidentiality, standstill or similar agreement
      relating to any takeover proposal; or

  .   
amend or grant releases or approve any transaction or redeem any rights
      under the Stockholder Rights Plan of True North.

   
Under the merger agreement, a takeover proposal is any offer or proposal by
any third party, or any public announcement or filing by any third party that
indicates an intention to make an offer or proposal, regarding any of the
following:

  .   
a merger, consolidation, share exchange, recapitalization or other
      business combination involving True North or any of its significant
      subsidiaries; or

  .   
the acquisition of a 15% or greater equity interest in, 15% or more of
      the voting securities or capital stock of, or 15% or more of the assets
      of True North or any of its significant subsidiaries.

   
However, True North may enter into discussions or negotiations with, or
furnish information to, a third party that makes an unsolicited, bona fide
written takeover proposal if:

  .  
after taking into consideration the advice of independent legal counsel,
     the True North Board determines in good faith that these actions are
     necessary for the Board to comply with its fiduciary duties;

  .  
the takeover proposal is not subject to any financing contingencies, or
     copies of bona fide customary commitments from reputable financial
     institutions for all necessary financing have been furnished to True
     North;

  .  
the True North Board determines in good faith that the takeover proposal
     is reasonably likely to be consummated; and

  .  
the True North Board, after consultation with and consideration of the
     advice of an independent, nationally recognized financial advisor,
     determines that the takeover proposal would be more favorable from a
     financial point of view to its stockholders than the merger.

   
The merger agreement defines a takeover proposal that satisfies those
criteria as a superior proposal and requires, before the True North Board takes
any action with respect to a superior proposal, that it:

  .  
deliver written notice to Interpublic at least two business days before
     True North enters into discussions or negotiations with, or furnishes
     information to, the party making the proposal; and

  .  
require the party making the proposal to enter into a customary
     confidentiality agreement.

   
Furthermore, if the True North Board decides to enter into discussions or
negotiations with, or furnish information to, a party making a takeover
proposal, then the merger agreement requires True North to:

  .  
notify Interpublic of this decision, and furnish Interpublic with the
     material terms of the takeover proposal and the identity of the party
     making the proposal, as promptly as practicable and not later than 48
     hours after this decision by the True North Board; and

  .  
provide Interpublic with all material changes to the proposal, and with
     all information furnished to the party making the proposal that True
     North had not previously furnished to Interpublic, as promptly as
     practicable and not later than 48 hours after True North learns of the
     changes or furnishes the information.

   
True North has also agreed to, and will direct its subsidiaries and its
officers, directors, employees, representatives and advisors to, cease any
activities, discussions or negotiations with any parties other than Interpublic
with respect to any takeover proposal that was ongoing at the time of the
merger agreement.

 
Obligation to Recommend

   The True North Board has agreed to recommend to its stockholders the
adoption of the merger agreement.
The merger agreement does not permit the True
North Board to withdraw or modify its recommendation unless:

  .  
True North has complied with the restrictions on solicitation described
     above;

  .  
there is a pending unsolicited bona fide written superior proposal;

  .  
after taking into consideration the advice of independent legal counsel,
     the True North Board determines in good faith that this action is
     necessary to comply with its fiduciary duties; and

  .  
at least two business days before this action, True North notifies
     Interpublic of its intention and provides Interpublic with the material
     terms of the superior proposal and the identity of the party making the
     superior proposal.

 
Expenses

   Whether or not the merger is completed, all expenses incurred in connection
with the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the merger
agreement will be paid by the party incurring the expenses, except that the
costs of filing, printing and mailing this document and any other required
regulatory filings will be shared equally by Interpublic and True North and
except as described below under "Termination Fee" on page 51.

 
Consents and Approvals

   Interpublic and True North have agreed to use their reasonable best efforts
to make all filings with, and obtain all consents, clearances and approvals
from, regulators and other third parties if required in connection with the
merger, including under U.S. and non-U.S. antitrust laws.
In connection with
seeking any approval of a governmental entity, the efforts of Interpublic may
include divesting or holding separate assets or agreeing to governmental
conditions.
However, these efforts of Interpublic need not include the
acceptance of conditions or any other actions that would have a material and
adverse impact on Interpublic, True North or the benefits that Interpublic
would otherwise have derived from the merger.

 
Indemnification and Insurance

   See "Interests of True North's Directors and Management in the Merger" on
page 37.

 
Employee Matters

   Interpublic has agreed to cause True North to honor all its existing
employment, bonus, severance and similar agreements following the merger.
In
addition, until at least December 31, 2001, the material benefit plans of True
North, other than equity-based plans, will remain in place.
From January 1,
2002 until at least June 30, 2002, employees of True North at the time of the
merger will receive from the combined company benefits, other than equity-based
benefits, that are at least as favorable as those under True North's existing
plans and these employees will be eligible to participate in equity plans of
Interpublic on a substantially equivalent basis as similarly situated employees
of Interpublic.
Employees will generally receive credit for their period of
service with True North up to the merger.

   
Interpublic has agreed to use reasonable best efforts to cause any
acquisitions of equity securities of Interpublic (including derivative
securities) contemplated by the merger by each individual who becomes a
director or officer of Interpublic to be exempt under Rule 16b-3 under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934.


Conditions to the Merger

 Conditions to Obligation of Each Party to Complete the Merger

   Each of Interpublic's and True North's respective obligations to complete
the merger are subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions:

  .  
Stockholder Approval.
The True North stockholders shall have approved
     and adopted the merger agreement;

  .  
Listing.
The Interpublic common stock to be issued in connection with
     the merger shall have been approved for listing on the New York Stock
     Exchange;

  .  
HSR Act.
The waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust
     Improvements Act shall have expired or terminated;

  .  
Governmental Consents.
All governmental consents and approvals required
     in connection with the merger shall have been obtained except where the
     failure to obtain the consents and approvals would not have a material
     adverse effect as specified in the merger agreement or render the merger
     illegal;

  .  
Effectiveness of the Registration Statement.
The registration statement
     of which this document is a part shall have been declared effective and
     the Commission shall not have issued any stop order or have initiated or
     threatened to initiate proceedings for that purpose; and

  .  
No Order.
No law, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, injunction
     or other order of a governmental entity shall prohibit the consummation
     of the merger.

 
Additional Conditions to the Obligation of Interpublic to Complete the Merger

   The obligation of Interpublic to complete the merger is also subject to the
following conditions:

  .  
Representations and Warranties.
The representations and warranties of
     True North in the merger agreement shall be true and correct as of the
     closing of the merger in all material respects;

  .  
Covenants.
True North shall have complied in all material respects with
     all its covenants under the merger agreement;

  .  
Tax Opinion.
Interpublic shall have received the written opinion of its
     counsel, Cleary, Gottlieb, Steen & Hamilton, with respect to the tax-
     free nature of the merger;

  .  
Non-governmental Consents.
All non-governmental consents or approvals
     required in connection with the merger shall have been obtained except
     where the failure to obtain the consents and approvals would not have a
     material adverse effect as specified in the merger agreement; and

  .  
Accounting.
True North and Interpublic shall have received the written
     opinion of their respective auditors, Arthur Andersen and
     PricewaterhouseCoopers, as to the accounting of the business combination
     as a pooling of interests.

 
Additional Conditions to the Obligation of True North to Complete the Merger

   The obligation of True North to complete the merger is also subject to the
following conditions:

  .  
Representations and Warranties.
The representations and warranties of
     Interpublic in the merger agreement shall be true and correct as of the
     closing of the merger in all material respects;

  .  
Covenants.
Interpublic shall have complied in all material respects with
     all its covenants under the merger agreement;

  .  
Tax Opinion.
True North shall have received the written opinion of its
     counsel, Sidley Austin Brown & Wood, with respect to the tax-free nature
     of the merger; and

  .  
Non-governmental Consents.
All non-governmental consents or approvals
     required in connection with the merger shall have been obtained except
     where the failure to obtain the consents and approvals would not have a
     material adverse effect as specified in the merger agreement.

   
Other than the conditions pertaining to stockholder approvals and the
legality of the transaction, True North could elect to waive conditions and
complete the merger.
However, if True North determines to waive any material
condition, it will consider whether to resolicit proxies or seek a new
stockholder approval and will do so if required by law.


Termination

   The merger agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the closing of
the merger:

  .  
by mutual written consent of True North and Interpublic;

  .  
by either Interpublic or True North
if:

    .  
the other party breaches, in any material respect, any
       representation, warranty, covenant or agreement contained in the
       merger agreement and the breach is not cured within thirty business
       days after notice;

    .  
a legal prohibition against the merger becomes permanent and final;

    .  
the merger has not been completed by September 14, 2001, which date,
       if all governmental clearances and approvals required for the
       completion of the merger have not then been obtained, may be extended
       to December 13, 2001; or

    .  
the True North stockholders do not adopt the merger agreement at the
       special meeting.

  .  
by Interpublic
if:

    .  
True North fails to comply with its obligations to refrain from
       soliciting or taking other specified actions in connection with
       acquisition proposals to True North by third parties;

    .  
the True North Board withdraws or adversely modifies its approval or
       recommendation of the merger;

    .  
any person or entity, other than Interpublic and its affiliates,
       becomes the beneficial owner of 15%
       or more of the outstanding shares of True North common stock;

    .  
the True North Board recommends or resolves to recommend another
       acquisition proposal; or

    .  
a tender offer or exchange offer for 15% or more of the outstanding
       shares of True North common stock commences and the True North Board
       fails to recommend against acceptance of the offer.


Except for a termination by either company as a result of the failure of the
True North stockholders to adopt the merger agreement at the special meeting,
any of the foregoing termination events may occur even if the True North
stockholders approve the merger at the special meeting.


Termination Fee

   The merger agreement requires True North to pay Interpublic a termination
fee of $80,000,000 in cash if either:

  .  
Interpublic terminates the merger agreement after:

    .  
the True North Board withdraws or adversely modifies its approval or
       recommendation of the merger;

    .  
any person or entity, other than Interpublic and its affiliates,
       becomes the beneficial owner of 15%
       or more of the outstanding shares of True North common stock;

    .  
the True North Board recommends or resolves to recommend another
       acquisition proposal; or

    .  
a tender offer or exchange offer for 15% or more of the outstanding
       shares of True North common stock is commenced and the True North
       Board fails to recommend against acceptance of that offer; or

  .  
all three of the following circumstances apply:

    .  
first, the merger agreement terminates as follows:

      .  
Interpublic terminates after True North breaches, in any material
         respect, any covenant or agreement contained in the merger
         agreement and the breach is not cured within thirty business days
         after notice;

      .  
Interpublic terminates after True North fails to comply with its
         obligations to refrain from soliciting or taking other specified
         actions in connection with acquisition proposals to True North by
         third parties; or

      .  
Interpublic or True North terminates after:

              .  
the merger has not been completed by September 14, 2001,
                 which date, if all governmental clearances and approvals
                 required for the completion of the merger have not then been
                 obtained, may be extended to December 13, 2001; or

              .  
the True North stockholders do not adopt the merger agreement
                 at the special meeting; and

    .  
second, at or before the event that gave rise to the termination and
       on or after the date of the merger agreement, a third party, which,
       with its affiliates, has assets of at least $100 million, makes a
       takeover proposal; and

    .  
third, at or before the first anniversary of the termination, a
       third party acquisition event, as specified in the merger agreement,
       occurs or True North enters into an agreement relating to a third
       party acquisition event.


Amendments

   Interpublic and True North may amend the merger agreement at any time prior
to the adoption of the merger agreement at the True North special meeting.

However, after adoption of the merger agreement by the True North stockholders,
the merger agreement may not be amended without stockholder approval unless
permitted by applicable law.

                          
MARKET PRICES AND DIVIDENDS

Interpublic

   Shares of Interpublic common stock are traded on the New York Stock Exchange
under the symbol "IPG."
The following table sets forth the range of high and
low sales prices as reported on the New York Stock Exchange Composite Tape,
together with the dividends per share of common stock declared by Interpublic,
during the periods indicated.
We have adjusted the information in the table to
reflect Interpublic's two-for-one stock split on July 15, 1999 effected in the
form of a stock dividend.

                                         
Common Stock Price
                                        --------------------   Cash Dividends
                                           High       Low    Declared Per Share
                                        ----------
--------- ------------------

     Year ended December 31, 1998
     ----------------------------
     First Quarter.....................  $31.313    $23.844        $0.065
     Second Quarter....................   
32.250     27.656         0.075
     Third Quarter.....................   32.438     26.094         0.075
     Fourth Quarter....................   39.875     23.500         0.075
     Year ended December 31, 1999
     ----------------------------
     First Quarter.....................  $40.000    $34.875        $0.075
     Second Quarter....................   43.313     34.594         0.085
     Third Quarter.....................   44.063     36.500         0.085
     Fourth Quarter....................   58.063     35.750         0.085
     Year ended December 31, 2000
     ----------------------------
     First Quarter.....................  $55.563    $37.000        $0.085
     Second Quarter....................   48.250     38.000         0.095
     Third Quarter.....................   44.625     33.500         0.095
     Fourth Quarter....................   43.750     33.063         0.095
     Year ended December 31, 2001
     ----------------------------
     First Quarter.....................  $47.438    $32.047        $0.095

   On March 16, 2001, the last trading day before Interpublic and True North
announced the merger, the closing price per share of Interpublic common stock
was $35.297.
On May 8, 2001, the most recent trading day for which prices were
available prior to the printing of this document, the price per share of
Interpublic common stock was $35.406.
Past price performance is not necessarily
indicative of future price performance.
You should obtain current market
quotations for Interpublic common stock.

   
Holders of shares of Interpublic are entitled to receive dividends from
legally available funds when, as and if declared by the Interpublic Board.

Although Interpublic currently intends to continue paying quarterly cash
dividends on the Interpublic common stock, Interpublic cannot assure you that
its dividend policy will remain unchanged after completion of the merger.
The
declaration and payment of dividends after the merger will depend upon
financial covenants in borrowing facilities entered into by Interpublic,
business conditions, operating results, capital and reserve requirements and
the Interpublic Board's consideration of other relevant factors.


True North

   Shares of True North common stock are traded on the New York Stock Exchange
under the symbol "TNO."
The following table sets forth the range of high and
low sales prices as reported on the New York Stock Exchange Composite Tape,
together with the dividends per share of common stock declared by True North,
during the periods indicated.

                                              
Common Stock Price  Cash Dividends
                                             --------------------  Declared Per
                                                High       Low        Share
                                             ---------- ---------
--------------

     ----
     Quarter Ended March 31.................  
$33.625    $23.563      $0.15
     Quarter Ended June 30..................   34.000     26.313       0.15
     Quarter Ended September 30.............   32.500     21.625       0.15
     Quarter Ended December 31..............   29.250     18.813       0.15

     ----
     Quarter Ended March 31.................  $34.125    $22.500      $0.15
     Quarter Ended June 30..................   30.000     23.063       0.15
     Quarter Ended September 30.............   36.875     28.125       0.15
     Quarter Ended December 31..............   47.000     35.188       0.15

     ----
     Quarter Ended March 31.................  
$47.375    $34.875      $0.15
     Quarter Ended June 30..................   46.813     34.875       0.15
     Quarter Ended September 30.............   52.875     35.250       0.15
     Quarter Ended December 31..............   44.063     32.563       0.15

     ----
     Quarter Ended March 31.................  $42.875    $35.000      $0.15

   On March 16, 2001, the last trading day before Interpublic and True North
publicly announced the merger, the closing price per share of True North common
stock was $39.313.
On May 8, 2001, the most recent trading day for which prices
were available prior to the printing of this document, the price per share of
True North common stock was $39.703.
Past price performance is not necessarily
indicative of future price performance.
You should obtain current market
quotations for shares of True North common stock.

   
The pro forma equivalent price per share of True North common stock on March
16, 2001 was $40.239, based on the agreed upon exchange ratio of 1.14 shares of
Interpublic common stock for each share of True North common stock.
On May 8,
2001, the pro forma equivalent price per share of True North common stock was
$40.363.

                            
BUSINESS OF INTERPUBLIC

   
The following is a brief description of Interpublic.
Additional information
regarding Interpublic is contained in its filings with the Commission referred
to in "Where You Can Find More Information" on page 69.

   
Interpublic is one of the world's largest organizations of advertising
agencies and communications-services companies, with more than 48,000 employees
and offices in 127 countries.
Interpublic conducts business globally, using two
advertising agency systems noted below, plus a number of stand-alone local
agencies:

  .  
McCann-Erickson WorldGroup and

  .  
Lowe Lintas & Partners Worldwide.

   
The principal functions of Interpublic's advertising agencies are to plan
and create programs for their clients and to place advertising in various media
such as:

  .  television,

  .  
cinema,

  .  
radio,

  .  
magazines,

  .  
newspapers,

  .  
direct mail,

  .  
outdoor and

  .  
interactive electronic media.

   
Interpublic's advertising agencies develop a communications strategy and
then create an advertising program, within the limits imposed by the client's
advertising budget, and place orders for space or time with media that have
been selected.
Planning advertising programs involves:

  .  
analyzing the market for the particular product or service,

  .  
creating the appropriate advertising campaign to convey the agreed-upon
     benefit or message and

  .  
choosing the appropriate media to reach the desired market most
     efficiently.

   
We conduct other businesses closely related to our advertising business, in
part through our ownership of companies as noted below:

  .  
independent media buying through Initiative Media Worldwide and its
     affiliates,

  .  
direct and promotional marketing through Draft Worldwide,

  .  
marketing research through NFO Worldwide,

  .  
global public relations through Weber Shandwick Worldwide and
     Golin/Haris International,

  .  
multinational sports and event marketing through Octagon and

  .  
sales meetings and targeted events through Jack Morton Worldwide.

   
We also conduct related activities in other areas of marketing
communications that include:

  .  
brand equity and corporate identity services,

  .  
graphic design and interactive services,

  .  
management consulting and market research,

  .  
healthcare marketing,

  .  
sales promotion,

  .  
internet services,

  .  
multicultural advertising and promotion and

  .  
other related specialized marketing and communications services.

   
Interpublic is a corporation organized under Delaware law.

                             
BUSINESS OF TRUE NORTH

   The following is a brief description of True North.
Additional information
regarding True North is contained in its filings with the Commission referred
to in "Where You Can Find More Information" on page 69.

   
True North is a global advertising and marketing communications holding
company.
True North and its subsidiaries operate from offices in more than 98
countries and territories through subsidiaries, affiliates and other servicing
capabilities.

   
The services offered by True North include:

  .   
the planning, creation and production of advertising programs and

  .   
the purchase and placement of advertising in various media such as:

    .   
television,

    .   
radio,

    .   
newspapers,

    .   
magazines,

    .   
direct mail and

    .   
the internet.


Other services include:

  .   
specialty advertising,

  .   
public relations,

  .   
promotional services,

  .   
directory advertising,

  .   
marketing services and

  .   
interactive digital media development.

   
True North has the following three major global brands:

  .   
FCB Worldwide L.L.C. (advertising),

  .   
BSMG Worldwide, Inc. (public relations) and

  .   
Marketing Drive Worldwide, Inc. (marketing services).


In addition, True North has other brands, including:

  .   
Bozell Group L.L.C. (advertising),

  .   
Temerlin McClain LP (advertising),

  .   
R/GA Media Group, Inc. (interactive design and development),

  .   
Tierney & Partners, Inc. (advertising and public relations),

  .   
TN Media, Inc. (media placement) and

  .   
New America Strategies Group L.L.C. (multicultural marketing).


True North also holds an approximately 44% interest in Modem Media, Inc., an
internet services company, and a 35.5% stake in Springer & Jacoby, a German-
based advertising agency.

   
True North was incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware in 1992
and is the successor to the advertising agency of Lord & Thomas founded in
1873.

                    
OWNERSHIP OF TRUE NORTH COMMON STOCK BY
                    CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

   
The following table sets forth the beneficial ownership, both direct and
indirect, reported to True North as of April 30, 2001, of True North common
stock and Phantom Stock Units (which represent deferred directors' fees deemed
invested in True North common stock).
The information is presented for
beneficial owners of more than 5% of True North common stock, for each director
of True North, for the chief executive officer and the four other most highly
compensated executive officers of True North during the year ended December 31,
2000 and for all directors and executive officers of True North as a group.

True North knows of no persons other than those identified below who owned
beneficially more than 5% of the outstanding shares of True North common stock
as of April 30, 2001.

                                      
Number of                   Number of
                                      Shares of     Percent of     Phantom
  Name                             Common Stock (1) Class (2)  Stock Units (3)
  ----                             
---------------- ----------
---------------

David A. Bell.....................      813,671        1.60%          --
Joseph A. Califano, Jr. ..........        
6,400           *           --
Harris Diamond....................      189,241           *           --
Donald M. Elliman, Jr. ...........       
15,300           *         7,103
H. John Greeniaus.................       
27,666           *           --
Mannie L. Jackson.................        1,533           *           --
Leo-Arthur Kelmenson..............      890,425        1.74%          --
Dennis McClain....................      138,975           *           --
Wenda Harris Millard..............        3,200           *           --
Michael E. Murphy.................       14,867           *         4,291
J. Brendan Ryan...................      357,745           *           --
Donald L. Seeley..................      184,514           *           --
Marilyn Seymann...................        9,566           *         2,255
Stephen T. Vehslage...............       57,533           *         2,645
All directors and executive offi-
 cers as a group (25 persons).....    3,908,139        7.44%       16,294
Publicis S.A. (4).................    4,658,000        9.20%          --
 133 Champs Elysees
 75008 Paris, France

- --------

 *less than 1%

(1) To the knowledge of True North, each holder has sole voting and investment
    power with respect to the shares listed unless otherwise indicated.
The
    number of shares includes shares of common stock owned through the True
    North Retirement Plan as of April 30, 2001.
The number of shares has been
    rounded to the nearest whole share.
The number of shares includes shares of
    common stock subject to options exercisable within 60 days of April 30,
    2001 as follows: Mr. Bell 252,133 shares, Mr. Califano 5,399 shares, Mr.
    Diamond 13,333 shares, Mr. Elliman 10,200 shares, Mr. Greeniaus 5,666
    shares, Mr. Jackson 1,533 shares, Mr. Kelmenson 417,066 shares, Mr. McClain
    2,666 shares, Ms. Millard 3,199 shares, Mr. Murphy 11,367 shares, Mr. Ryan
    328,866 shares, Mr. Seeley 175,733 shares, Dr. Seymann 6,566 shares, Mr.
    Vehslage 54,733 shares and all directors and executive officers as a group
    1,870,287 shares.
The number of shares also includes unvested restricted
    stock granted in 2000 and 2001.


(2) Shares subject to options exercisable within 60 days of April 30, 2001 are
    considered outstanding for the purpose of determining the percent of the
    class held by the holder of such option, but not for the purpose of
    computing the percentage held by others.


(3) Represents outside directors' deferred stock account values as of April 30,
    2001.


(4) Based upon information furnished by Publicis S.A. in a Statement of
    Beneficial Ownership of Securities on Form 5 filed March 5, 1999.

          UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION

   The following unaudited pro forma combined condensed financial statements
assume a business combination between Interpublic and True North accounted for
as a pooling of interests and are based on each company's historical audited
consolidated financial statements and the notes to those statements.

   
The following unaudited pro forma combined condensed balance sheet as of
December 31, 2000 is based on the historical financial statements of
Interpublic and True North as of December 31, 2000 after giving effect to the
merger as if it had occurred on December 31, 2000.

   
The following unaudited pro forma combined condensed statements of income
for each of the years ended December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998 are based on the
historical financial statements of Interpublic and True North for those periods
after giving effect to the merger as if it had occurred on January 1, 1998.

Since accounting policies of the combining companies are substantially
comparable, we made no adjustments to the unaudited combined condensed
financial statements to conform accounting policies.

   
You should read the information presented below in conjunction with the
financial statements and the notes to the financial statements for Interpublic
included in Interpublic's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2000 and in conjunction with the financial statements and the
notes to the financial statements for True North included in True North's
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2000.
We have
incorporated Interpublic's and True North's Annual Reports on Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31, 2000 into this document by reference.
See "Where You
Can Find More Information" on page 69 to learn how to obtain these reports of
Interpublic and True North.

   
The unaudited pro forma information below, while helpful in illustrating the
financial characteristics of the combination of Interpublic and True North
under one set of assumptions, does not attempt to predict or suggest future
results.
Moreover, the unaudited pro forma information below does not attempt
to show what the financial condition or the results of operations of the
combined company would have been if the merger had occurred at the dates
indicated below or at the commencement of the periods indicated below.

          
UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF INCOME

                      For the Year Ended December 31, 1998
                (Amounts in thousands except per share amounts)

                               Interpublic  True North   Pro Forma  Pro Forma
                               Historical   Historical  Adjustments  Combined
                               -----------  ----------  -----------
----------

Revenue......................  $4,218,657   $1,274,284       --     $5,492,941

Costs and expenses
Salaries and related ex-
 penses......................   2,339,894      806,602               3,146,496
Office and general expenses..   1,306,167      364,524       --      1,670,691
Restructuring and other
 merger related costs........         --         3,278       --          3,278
                               ----------   ----------    ------    
----------
  Total costs and expenses...   3,646,061    1,174,404       --      4,820,465
Income from operations.......     572,596       99,880       --        672,476

Interest expense.............     (64,296)     (22,242)      --        (86,538)

Other income, net............      98,555       11,312       --        109,867
                               ----------   ----------    ------    ----------
Income before provision for
 income taxes................     606,855       88,950       --        695,805
Provision for income taxes...     245,636       56,066       --        301,702
Income of consolidated compa-
 nies........................     361,219       32,884       --        394,103

Income applicable to minority
 interests...................     (28,503)      (4,044)      --        (32,547)
Equity in net income of un-
 consolidated affiliates.....       7,191        5,427       --         12,618
                               ----------   ----------    ------    
----------
Net Income...................  $  339,907   $   34,267    $  --     $  374,174
                               ==========   ==========    ======    ==========
Per Share Data:
Basic earnings per share.....  $     1.15   $     0.75              $     1.08
Diluted earnings per share...  $     1.12   $     0.72              $     1.04

Weighted average shares:
Basic........................     294,756       45,748                 346,909
Diluted......................     305,134       47,595                 359,392

   See accompanying notes to unaudited pro forma combined condensed financial
                                  information.

          
UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF INCOME

                      For the Year Ended December 31, 1999
                (Amounts in thousands except per share amounts)

                               Interpublic  True North   Pro Forma  Pro Forma
                               Historical   Historical  Adjustments  Combined
                               -----------  ----------  -----------
----------

Revenue......................  $4,977,823   $1,439,414         --   $6,417,237

Costs and expenses
Salaries and related
 expenses....................   
2,745,956      871,433         --    3,617,389
Office and general expenses..   1,569,188      421,733         --    1,990,921
Restructuring and other
 merger related costs........      84,183       75,354         --      159,537
                               ----------   ----------   ---------  ----------
  Total costs and expenses...   4,399,327    1,368,520         --    5,767,847
                               ----------   ----------   ---------  
----------
Income from operations.......     578,496       70,894         --      649,390

Interest expense.............     (81,341)     (18,128)        --      (99,469)

Other income, net............     103,562       18,472         --      122,034
                               ----------   ----------   ---------  
----------
Income before provision for
 income taxes................     600,717       71,238         --      671,955
Provision for income taxes...     243,971       41,289         --      285,260
                               ----------   ----------   ---------  
----------
Income of consolidated
 companies...................     356,746       29,949         --      386,695

Income applicable to minority
 interests...................     (33,991)      (4,161)        --      (38,152)
Equity in net income of
 unconsolidated affiliates...       8,532        2,434         --       10,966
                               ----------   ----------   ---------  
----------
Net Income...................  $  331,287   $   28,222         --   $  359,509
                               ==========   ==========   =========  ==========
Per Share Data:
Basic earnings per share.....  $     1.11   $     0.60              $     1.02
Diluted earnings per share...  $     1.07   $     0.59              $     0.99

Weighted average shares:
Basic........................     
297,992       47,346                 351,966
Diluted......................     308,840       48,142                 363,722

   See accompanying notes to unaudited pro forma combined condensed financial
                                  information.

          
UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF INCOME

                      For the Year Ended December 31, 2000
                (Amounts in thousands except per share amounts)

                               Interpublic  True North   Pro Forma  Pro Forma
                               Historical   Historical  Adjustments  Combined
                               -----------  ----------  -----------
----------

Revenue......................  $5,625,845   $1,556,843       --     $7,182,688

Costs and expenses
Salaries and related
 expenses....................   
3,120,289      914,889       --      4,035,178
Office and general expenses..   1,672,034      448,661       --      2,120,695
Restructuring and other
 merger related costs........     
116,131       16,910       --        133,041
Deutsch transaction costs....      44,715          --        --         44,715
                               ----------   ----------     
-----    ----------
  Total costs and expenses...   4,953,169    1,380,460       --      6,333,629
                               ----------   ----------     
-----    ----------
Income from operations.......     672,676      176,383       --        849,059

Interest expense.............    (109,111)     (17,211)      --       (126,322)
Other income, net............      94,341        9,364       --        103,705
                               ----------   ----------     
-----    ----------
Income before provision for
 income taxes................     657,906      168,536       --        826,442
Provision for income taxes...     273,034       75,755       --        348,789
                               ----------   ----------     
-----    ----------
Income of consolidated
 companies...................     
384,872       92,781       --        477,653

Income applicable to minority
 interests...................     (39,809)      (2,986)      --        (42,795)
Equity in net income (loss)
 of unconsolidated
 affiliates..................      13,595      (28,192)      --        (14,597)
                               ----------   ----------     
-----    ----------
Net Income...................  $  358,658   $   61,603       --     $  420,261
                               ==========   ==========     =====    ==========
Per Share Data:
Basic earnings per share.....  $     1.18   $     1.24              $     1.17
Diluted earnings per share...  $     1.15   $     1.21              $     1.13
Weighted average shares:
Basic........................     303,192       49,494                 359,615
Diluted......................     312,653       51,066                 370,868

   See accompanying notes to unaudited pro forma combined condensed financial
                                  information.

              
UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED BALANCE SHEET

                              At December 31, 2000
                          (thousands of U.S. dollars)

                              Interpublic  True North   Pro Forma   Pro Forma
                              Historical   Historical  Adjustments  Combined
                              -----------  ----------  -----------
-----------

ASSETS

Current Assets
Cash and cash equivalents...  $   708,312  $  136,322    (36,800)  $   807,834
Marketable securities.......       
39,777         180        --         39,957
Receivables.................    
4,687,552   1,048,793        --      5,736,345
Expenditures billable to
 clients....................      379,507      58,422        --        437,929
Prepaid expenses and other
 current assets.............      
210,905      39,877        --        250,782
                              -----------  
----------    -------   -----------
Total current assets........    
6,026,053   1,283,594    (36,800)    7,272,847
                              -----------  ----------    -------   -----------
Property and equipment,
 net........................      660,382     166,076        --        826,458
Intangible assets...........    2,696,230     458,747        --      3,154,977
Other assets................      855,557     154,873     36,800     1,047,230
                              -----------  ----------    -------   -----------
Total assets................  $10,238,222  $2,063,290        --    $12,301,512
                              ===========  ==========    =======   ===========

LIABILITIES AND
 STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

Current Liabilities
Payable to banks............  $   491,984  $   57,276        --    $   549,260
Accounts payable............    4,590,361   1,160,974     30,000     5,781,335
Accrued expenses and
 deferred income............      852,549     229,143        --      1,081,692
Accrued income taxes........      171,186      39,117        --        210,303
                              -----------  ----------    -------   -----------
Total current liabilities...    6,106,080   1,486,510     30,000     7,622,590
                              -----------  ----------    -------   -----------

Long term debt..............      971,957      26,730        --        998,687
Convertible subordinated
 debentures and notes.......      533,104                    --        533,104
Deferred compensation and
 reserve for termination
 liabilities................      385,518      75,459      3,352       464,329
Accrued post-retirement
 benefits...................       48,350                  6,847        55,197
Other non-current
 liabilities................       61,051      69,608    (24,973)      105,686
Minority interests in
 consolidated subsidiaries..       85,806                 14,774       100,580
                              -----------  ----------    -------   -----------
Total noncurrent
 liabilities................    2,085,786     171,797        --      2,257,583
                              -----------  ----------    -------   -----------
Stockholders' equity
Common stock................       32,013      16,656    (10,942)       37,727
Additional paid in capital..    
1,100,898     342,404     10,907     1,454,209
Retained earnings...........    1,627,163      69,704    (30,000)    1,666,867
Accumulated other
 comprehensive income.......     
(390,653)    (20,928)       --       (411,581)

Less:
Treasury stock at cost......      194,758          35        (35)      194,758
Unamortized expense of
 restricted stock grants....      128,307       2,818        --        131,125
                              -----------  ----------    -------   -----------
Total stockholders' equity..    2,046,356     404,983    (30,000)    2,421,339
                              -----------  ----------    -------   -----------
Total liabilities and
 stockholders' equity.......  $10,238,222  $2,063,290        --    $12,301,512
                              ===========  ==========    =======   ===========

   See accompanying notes to unaudited pro forma combined condensed financial
                                  information.

                          NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA

                    COMBINED CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION

NOTE 1: PRO FORMA ADJUSTMENTS

  .   
The stockholders' equity accounts of Interpublic and True North have
      been adjusted to reflect the issuance of approximately 57 million
      shares of Interpublic common stock in the merger pursuant to an
      exchange ratio of 1.14 shares of Interpublic common stock for each
      share of True North common stock.

  .   
The estimated direct costs of the merger will be approximately $30
      million.
The pro forma balance sheet gives effect to these direct costs
      as if they had been incurred as of December 31, 2000, but the pro forma
      combined condensed statements of income do not give effect to these
      expenses.
The direct costs of the merger consist primarily of fees and
      expenses of investment bankers, attorneys and accountants, together
      with SEC filing fees, financial printing and other fees.

  .   
Since accounting policies of the combining companies are substantially
      comparable, we made no adjustments to the unaudited combined condensed
      financial statements to conform accounting policies.
Certain
      liabilities in the unaudited combined condensed balance sheet of True
      North have been reclassified to conform to the format used by
      Interpublic.


NOTE 2: PRO FORMA EARNINGS PER SHARE

  .   
The pro forma earnings per share has been calculated based on the
      weighted average number of shares of True North common stock adjusted
      to reflect an exchange ratio of 1.14 shares of Interpublic common stock
      for each share of True North common stock.


NOTE 3: RESTRUCTURING AND INTEGRATION COSTS

  .   
The amounts presented do not include restructuring or integration costs
      which will be incurred in connection with the merger of True North and
      Interpublic.
These costs will be incurred for employee severance,
      office reorganization, investment realignment and other integration-
      related costs.
Neither Interpublic nor True North has finalized their
      estimates of the amount and nature of the restructuring and integration
      costs.
These amounts will be charged to operations in the appropriate
      periods, and therefore, are not reflected in the unaudited pro forma
      combined condensed financial statements.
The unaudited pro forma
      combined condensed financial statements reflect neither the impact of
      these charges nor the benefits to be realized from the expected
      savings.


NOTE 4: FUNDING OF CERTAIN BENEFITS

  .   
As required under the terms of a trust established by True North, an
      amount will be contributed to the trust to pay benefits that have
      accrued under specified deferred compensation plans of True North.