URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/313927/000109581101501544/0001095811-01-501544.txt

SPECIAL FACTORS

1. BACKGROUND OF THE OFFER.

     
In the Spring of 1999, Uri Evan, the Company's chief executive officer,
began discussing with the Company Board ways to improve the Company's operating
efficiencies.
Mr. Evan was particularly concerned that the Company was not
maximizing its manufacturing facilities and that it had excess capacity within
such facilities.
He believed that this, among other matters, was negatively
affecting the value of the Company's stock and that the Company Board should
continue to review and, if appropriate, pursue strategic alternatives to improve
the Company's stock performance.
The Company Board discussed various options
including leasing space within its manufacturing facilities, selling such
facilities, selling the Company, merging with a strategic partner or forming a
joint venture in order to maximize the value of its stock.

     
Fuad Sawaya, then a Managing Director in the Investment Banking division of
PaineWebber Incorporated, was asked by Mr. Evan to represent the Company in
discussions involving a potential business combination or strategic investment
with any of several other companies, including Parent.
Mr. Evan believed that
Parent would be a suitable partner due to, among other matters, its market
presence and complementary product line.

     
Discussions with Parent commenced late in the Spring of 1999 and continued
through the early fall of that same year.
Mr. Sawaya also approached several
other companies regarding the possibility of a transaction with the Company
during this time.
The discussions with Parent involved a potential acquisition
of the Company by Parent.
The negotiations ended in October 1999 as Parent was
unwilling to undertake certain risks involving the Company.
None of the other
parties contacted showed an interest in pursuing a transaction with the Company.

     
In early 2000, Mr. Evan met with representatives of Parent to discuss the
possibility of a joint venture between the parties to combine certain aspects of
their respective laundry detergent businesses.
In particular, the parties
discussed forming a joint venture whereby each company would produce their
liquid and light powder laundry detergents at the Company's manufacturing
facilities while leveraging their existing distribution channels.

     
On April 4, 2000, the Company Board met to discuss the status of Mr. Evan's
negotiations with Parent and authorized him to continue negotiations.
In
addition, the Company Board adopted a resolution to retain Corporate Capital
Consultants, Inc. to assist the Company by providing certain services in
connection with any proposed transaction including rendering a fairness opinion.

Further, the Company Board authorized a special committee consisting of
non-employee directors including Christopher D. Illick and Richard A. Mandell
(the "Special Committee") to consider and authorize any proposed transaction
with Parent.
The Special Committee was authorized to engage independent counsel
to assist in its review of any proposed transaction.
In consideration of the
significant time and effort required with respect to their services as members
of the Special Committee, the Company Board agreed to pay each member of the
Special Committee $30,000 and granted each member fully-exercisable options to
purchase up to 30,000 Shares at the exercise price of $3.16, representing the
last sale price on The Nasdaq National Market System on that date.

     
Throughout April and May 2000, and until the execution of the agreements on
June 14, 2000, the parties and their respective counsel and financial advisors
negotiated the terms of the joint venture.
The parties also negotiated a stock
purchase agreement whereby Parent would (i) purchase an aggregate of
approximately $10 million of shares of the Company's common stock from the
Company and one of its then directors, who was also a significant stockholder,
at a price of $7.00 per share and (ii) agree to the terms of a limited
standstill agreement.
In addition, management from both companies met throughout
this period to review and analyze, among other matters, their respective
technologies, operating systems and other due diligence matters, as well as the
integration and synergies of combining each company's laundry detergent
business.

     
At various times from its formation until June 14, 2000, the Special
Committee met with counsel to the Special Committee, Willkie, Farr & Gallagher,
to review and discuss the proposed transaction.
Meetings were also held with Mr.
Evan and other executive officers of the Company and Sheldon G. Nussbaum, Esq.,
of Fulbright & Jaworski L.L.P., counsel to the Company ("Fulbright"), to discuss
certain matters related to the proposed joint venture and stock sale, including
the history of the Company's efforts to pursue various strategic alternatives
and the negotiations with Parent, the price to be paid for the Company's common
stock, the profit sharing and cost structure of the proposed joint venture and
various other terms of the proposed joint venture.

     
The Special Committee continued to review and comment on the revised terms
of the proposed transaction, including the terms of a buy-out formula and of a
standstill agreement and related matters.
A revised financial analysis was
prepared regarding the fairness of the proposed transaction to the Company's
stockholders from a financial point of view.

     
At a meeting of the Special Committee held on June 14, 2000, Corporate
Capital Consultants, Inc. delivered its opinion that the proposed transaction
was fair to the Company's stockholders from a financial point of view.
Upon
reviewing the final terms, resolutions and fairness opinion, the Special
Committee unanimously voted in favor of the joint venture and the related stock
purchase and standstill agreements.

     
On June 14, 2000, the Company Board ratified the Special Committee's
approval of (i) a limited liability company operating agreement of the joint
venture, named Armus, LLC ("Armus"), (ii) a Stock Purchase Agreement for the
sale of 1,438,602 Shares at a price of $7.00 per Share, constituting an
approximately ten percent (10%) interest in the Company (inclusive of Shares to
be sold by Frederick R. Adler), to Parent and (iii) a Registration Rights
Agreement.
In addition, under the terms of the joint venture, Parent was given
an option to purchase all of the Company's interests and assets used in the
joint venture for an amount to be determined through an agreed-upon formula.
The
option could be exercised at the earlier of either January 1, 2006 or the
Company's termination of the joint venture on or after January 1, 2007.
The
Company was also given an option exercisable at any time after January 1, 2011,
to require Parent to purchase the Company's ownership interests and assets used
in the joint venture based on the same formula.
In addition, Parent entered into
a Put and Call Agreement with Mr. Adler whereby, under certain circumstances,
Parent could purchase, and Mr. Adler could cause Parent to purchase, additional
Shares held by Mr. Adler.

     
The operating agreement of Armus (the "Operating Agreement") provides for,
among other matters, the contribution by the Company and Parent of (i) a license
to the joint venture of certain of their respective technologies and
intellectual property, (ii) their finished good inventories and (iii) cash
contributions.
In addition, the Operating Agreement created a governing board to
manage operations.
Three members were appointed by Parent and two by the
Company.
Under the Operating Agreement, Parent agreed to manufacture heavy
powder laundry detergents and the Company agreed to manufacture liquid and light
powder laundry detergents in addition to liquid fabric softener products.
The
parties also agreed to certain manufacturing, packaging and labeling
specifications.

     
The parties then began planning consolidation of their sales organizations
and Armus became operational on January 1, 2001.
In January 2001, Parent assumed
responsibility for Armus' accounting and billing services and began to shift
production of certain brands to the Company's manufacturing plants in New Jersey
and Missouri.
In addition, the parties began preparations to close Parent's
manufacturing plant in Syracuse, New York and consolidate distribution through
the Company's New Jersey and Missouri plants and Parent's plants in Wyoming and
Ohio.
Additionally during this time, Armus began launching new products to the
market.

     
In early 2001, Mr. Evan met with the Company's financial advisor, Mr.
Sawaya, who had by then founded a financial advisory firm, Sawaya & Company, LLC
("Sawaya & Co."), to discuss additional options to maximize stockholder value in
the Company.
Due to, among other matters, the structure of the Armus joint
venture, the integration of a number of functions of the Company's operations
with those of Parent and the significant ownership in the Company by Parent, it
was concluded that Parent would likely be the party able to offer the highest
value for the Shares.
An initial discussion occurred in early January 2001
between Mr. Evan and Robert A. Davies and Zvi Eiref, the Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer, respectively, of Parent, regarding the potential
for an acquisition of the Company by Parent.
The senior executives from Parent
expressed an interest in purchasing the Company's interests and assets used in
Armus, but indicated they would not be interested in acquiring the Company as a
whole.

     
On January 16, 2001, the Company Board, together with Messrs. Sawaya and
Nussbaum, met and discussed various possibilities available to the Company to
maximize stockholder value.
The Company retained the services of Sawaya & Co. to
provide the Company with financial advice with respect to the possibility of a
sale of the Company or a majority of its assets to Parent and authorized Mr.
Sawaya to continue discussions with Parent in this regard within certain
parameters outlined by the Company Board.

     
On January 17, 2001, Mr. Sawaya met with Messrs. Davies and Eiref and made
a presentation involving the Company.
In his presentation, Mr. Sawaya
highlighted the difficulty the Company would have in entertaining an offer only
for the Armus joint venture.
Specifically, the Company would have to incur a
significant tax liability, which would result in an unattractive value to the
stockholders.
Furthermore, the

remaining businesses would not provide for a viable public company platform due
to, among other factors, the significant residual overhead that would be
allocated to such businesses resulting in a company with relatively low and
historically decreasing sales and pretax losses exceeding $5 million before any
overhead reductions.
Mr. Sawaya's presentation also suggested that the Company
Board would not entertain an offer below $7.00 due to (i) the Company's view of
the intrinsic value of the Armus joint venture, and (ii) the fact that Parent
had agreed to purchase up to fifteen percent (15%) of the outstanding Shares at
a price of $7.00 per Share in the recent past.
Messrs. Davies and Eiref
reiterated their preference in buying the Company's interests and assets used in
Armus, but indicated a willingness to investigate further a potential
acquisition of the Company so long as a buyer could be found for the Company's
business lines not related to the joint venture.
Messrs. Davies and Eiref
indicated that their preliminary views of value for the Company would be
approximately $100 million, which would represent a price per share of
approximately $5.00, after taking into account the Company's indebtedness and
estimated transaction expenses.

     
Following this meeting, Mr. Evan indicated a possible interest, depending
on the terms to be negotiated and available financing, in purchasing the assets
of the non-Armus businesses from Parent as part of a transaction involving an
acquisition of all of the outstanding Shares.
During the week following the
meeting with Parent, Mr. Evan outlined potential terms of an acquisition of the
non-Armus businesses.

     
On January 25, 2001, Messrs. Evan and Sawaya met with Mr. Eiref to discuss
the status of the potential transaction between the Company and Parent.
In this
meeting, Mr. Eiref continued to express (i) concern regarding the price per
Share expected by the Company, in light of, among other matters, the operating
results and level of indebtedness of the Company and (ii) the need to condition
a potential transaction for all of the Shares on the subsequent divestiture of
the non-Armus assets.
Initial terms of a potential acquisition of the non-Armus
assets were discussed during this meeting.
Several subsequent meetings occurred
between various of the Company's and Parent's executive officers and financial
advisors with regard to a possible transaction between the two companies.

     
Mr. Evan also met informally with various members of the Company Board
regarding the negotiations with Parent, including his possible involvement in
the purchase of the non-Armus businesses.
In addition, the members of the
Company Board, along with Mr. Evan, spoke on various occasions with the
Company's counsel and financial advisor.

     
On January 29, 2001, the Company Board (including Mr. Evan), with Theodore
B. Baum absent, met with Mr. Sawaya and Fulbright to discuss the Company's
negotiations with Parent to date.
The Company Board discussed various
alternatives available to the Company, including the possible transaction with
Parent, possible alternative transactions with Parent or others, and the
continuation of the Company and the joint venture arrangement as then in
existence.
The Company Board also reviewed various aspects of the financial
condition and prospects of the non-Armus assets, and expressed significant
concern about Parent's ability to find a prospective purchaser for these assets
and, if found, the ability of a purchaser to finance the purchase.
After such
discussion the Company Board authorized Mr. Evan to continue his negotiations
with Parent on behalf of the Company, provided that Parent agree (i) to a
structure and pricing which would maximize the net after tax consideration to be
paid to the Company's stockholders, and that regardless the amount of such
consideration should be no less than $7.00 per share net to the stockholders,
and (ii) that the disposition of any Company assets not connected with the
Company's laundry care business not be in any way a condition or other
contingency with respect to the Merger Agreement.
After the January 29, 2001
meeting of the Company Board, members of the Company Board periodically met and
had telephone conversations with Mr. Evan and Fulbright to discuss the status of
negotiations with Parent.

     
Following this meeting, various meetings and discussions continued to occur
between Mr. Evan and representatives of Parent, as well as between financial
advisors of the Company and financial advisors to and senior officers of Parent.

     
On February 7, 2001, upon the exercise of the put right granted to Mr.
Adler, Parent purchased an additional 704,255 Shares from Mr. Adler at a price
of $7.00 per Share, increasing Parent's ownership interest to approximately
fifteen percent (15%).
On February 20, 2001, Parent filed a Schedule 13D
reporting its increased stock position in the Company and the fact that
discussions were ongoing between the Company and Parent for the possible
purchase of the Company.

     
On February 14, 2001, Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP, counsel to Parent,
circulated a draft Merger Agreement to the Company and its counsel.
In addition,
Fulbright began assembling due diligence material regarding the Company for
review by Parent.
During the period between February 14, 2001 and March 29,
2001, the Company and Parent negotiated the terms of the Merger Agreement and
the Company's related disclosure schedules.
Additionally during this period,
representatives of Parent conducted their due diligence review of the Company.

     
On February 16, 2001, Messrs. Baum, Evan and Mandell, being a majority of
the Company Board, together with Mr. Nussbaum of Fulbright, interviewed
financial advisors to assist the Company Board in reviewing the proposed
transaction.
The Company Board retained PwCS to analyze and render an opinion as
to the fairness from a financial point of view of the consideration to be paid
to the Company's stockholders under the Merger Agreement.

     
The Company Board met again on March 2, 2001 to review with Messrs. Evan
and Sawaya and Fulbright the status of negotiations regarding the transaction
with Parent, as well as to review the preliminary financial analysis of PwCS.

Messrs. Evan and Sawaya presented the Company Board with a status update on
discussions with Parent.
Mr. Nussbaum outlined for the Company Board some of the
issues that were still outstanding with respect to finalizing the Merger
Agreement.
Additionally, Mr. Nussbaum reported to the Company Board that Parent
was continuing its due diligence review of the Company, and on various items
about which Parent required additional information.
Mr. Nussbaum also reviewed
with the Company Board the mechanics of how the Merger would be finalized and
the Offer process.
After a full discussion of these matters, PwCS was invited to
join the meeting and review its preliminary financial analysis of the proposed
transaction.

     
PwCS distributed to the Company Board copies of its preliminary financial
analysis with respect to the various models it reviewed in determining the value
of the Company.
PwCS outlined the information concerning the Company it had
reviewed in connection with its analysis, and the additional items which still
needed to be reviewed and confirmed prior to the issuance of an opinion.
The
Company Board reviewed the documentation and asked various questions of PwCS
regarding its assumptions and findings.
After a discussion and question and
answer period, the Company Board requested that PwCS include additional factors
and information in connection with its analysis and opinion.
PwCS then collected
its preliminary financial analysis and left the meeting.
The Company Board
reviewed some final issues and agreed to be available to meet again the
following week for an update on the status of the negotiations.
Additional
conversations continued to take place, on an informal basis, at various times
between the members of the Company Board, the Company's management and Mr.
Nussbaum of Fulbright.

     
On March 29, 2001, the parties finalized the Merger Agreement and
disclosure schedules.
The Company Board met on March 29, 2001 with Fulbright,
Mr. Sawaya, Richard D. Coslow, the Company's chief financial officer, and PwCS
to review and discuss the final terms of the Merger Agreement and PwCS's
opinion.
Mr. Nussbaum informed the Company Board that Parent was in the process
of finalizing the financing necessary for it to complete the transaction, which
it expected to have by the following day.
As a result, it was expected that the
Merger Agreement would be executed by the parties the following day.
However,
because the terms of the Merger Agreement were not expected to change as a
result of this delay, the Company Board determined to move forward with its
detailed review of the Merger Agreement and the financial analysis.
The Company
Board agreed that it would reconvene the following afternoon, subject to
Parent's confirmation that it was prepared to execute the Merger Agreement at
this time, to receive PwCS's opinion and adopt the necessary resolutions to
enter into the Merger Agreement.

     
Fulbright then reviewed with the Company Board the final terms and
provisions of the Merger Agreement in detail, referring to the draft Merger
Agreement and additional documentation delivered to the Company Board members
earlier that week.
The review also included a specific explanation of those
terms that had changed since the Company Board's review at the March 2, 2001
Board Meeting, as well as isolated provisions of the Merger Agreement which were
proposed to be modified from the draft agreement previously provided to the
Company Board.
After Fulbright's review, the Company Board took the opportunity
to ask Fulbright questions regarding, among other matters, certain specific
terms of the Merger Agreement and their fiduciary obligations to the Company's
stockholders in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Merger
Agreement.
After a general discussion, the Company Board invited PwCS to join
the meeting and present its financial analysis.

     
PwCS informed the Company Board that since the Merger Agreement could be
entered into no earlier than the following day, it was prepared to present its
findings to the Company Board to date, and subsequently update and deliver its
opinion when the Company Board was prepared to enter into the definitive Merger
Agreement.
PwCS then distributed its written analysis to each Company Board
member and explained the information that PwCS relied upon in preparing its
analysis.
PwCS next explained the methodologies and various analyses used and
applied in rendering its opinion.
During the presentation, various members of
the Company Board asked questions regarding the analysis which were answered by
PwCS.
After reviewing the presentation, the Company Board had an additional
opportunity to ask questions of PwCS.
After a general discussion, the Company
Board thanked PwCS for its efforts and PwCS collected the books and reiterated
that it would be available by phone to deliver its oral opinion the following
day.

     
Mr. Nussbaum next reviewed the proposed resolutions to be adopted by the
Company Board in connection with the Merger Agreement.
In addition, the Company
Board was provided with a written draft of such resolutions as well as other
documents required to be finalized in connection with the transactions
contemplated by the Merger Agreement.
After a general discussion, the Company
Board determined to continue the meeting until the following day.

     
On the following day, March 30, 2001, after receiving confirmation that
Parent was prepared to enter into the Merger Agreement, the Company Board, along
with Fulbright and PwCS met again by telephone.
After PwCS delivered its oral
opinion as to the fairness of the transaction to the stockholders of the
Company, from a financial point of view (other than to Parent, as to which no
opinion was expressed), the Company Board adopted the appropriate resolutions to
enter into the Merger Agreement and approved the Offer, the Merger and the
transactions contemplated thereby as fair to and in the best interests of the
Company's stockholders.
The parties then exchanged signature pages to the Merger
Agreement and PwCS delivered its written opinion later that day.

     
On April 9, 2001, Parent requested that the Company amend the Merger
Agreement to provide for an initial expiration date of 25 business days
following announcement of the Offer, rather than the 30 business day period
provided for in the original agreement.
Upon approval of the Company Board, the
Company, Parent and Purchaser executed the amendment on April 10, 2001.


2. PURPOSE OF AND REASONS FOR THE OFFER.

     
Purpose of the Offer.
The purpose of the Offer is to acquire control of,
and the entire equity interest in, the Company.
The purpose of the Merger is to
acquire all outstanding Shares not tendered and purchased pursuant to the Offer.

If the Offer is successful, Purchaser intends to consummate the Merger as
promptly as practicable following the satisfaction or waiver of each of the
conditions to the Merger set forth in the Merger Agreement, but in no event
later than 10:00 a.m. on the second business day, unless another time is agreed
to by the Company, Parent and Purchaser.

     Reasons.
Parent and Purchaser believe that significant operating
efficiencies can be achieved through the Merger.
Parent already owns 2,142,857
Shares, representing approximately 15% of the outstanding Shares, and currently
operates Armus with the Company on a joint basis.
The Merger will allow Parent
to acquire full control of the Company's laundry assets and to integrate those
assets with Parent's existing operations.
Based on Parent's operating experience
with Armus, Parent and Purchaser believe that the Merger will ultimately

create significant efficiencies by, among other matters, eliminating duplicative
overhead and improving economies of scale.
Parent and Purchaser also believe
that the Merger will improve the market presence of the complementary product
lines of Parent and the Company and will provide Parent with the opportunity to
build on the efficiencies realized in the Armus joint venture.


3.
CERTAIN EFFECTS OF THE OFFER.

     
Market for the Shares.
The purchase of Shares pursuant to the Offer will
reduce the number of holders of Shares and the number of Shares that might
otherwise trade publicly and could adversely affect the liquidity and market
value of the remaining Shares held by stockholders other than Purchaser.

Purchaser cannot predict whether the reduction in the number of Shares that
might otherwise trade publicly would have an adverse or beneficial effect on the
market price for, or marketability of, the Shares or whether such reduction
would cause future market prices to be greater or less than the Offer Price.

     
Stock Quotation.
Inclusion of the Shares on The Nasdaq National Market
System is voluntary, so the Company may terminate that inclusion at any time.

Parent has no intention to cause the Company to terminate the inclusion of the
Shares on The Nasdaq National Market System prior to the Merger.
However,
depending upon the number of Shares purchased pursuant to the Offer, the Shares
may no longer meet the standards for continued inclusion in The Nasdaq National
Market System.
According to its published guidelines, The Nasdaq National Market
System would give consideration to delisting the Shares if, among other matters,
the number of publicly held Shares falls below 750,000 or the number of holders
of round lots of Shares falls below 400.
Shares held by directors or officers of
the Company or their immediate families, or by any beneficial owner of more than
ten percent or more of the Shares, ordinarily will not be considered as being
publicly held for this purpose.
In the event the Shares are no longer eligible
for listing on The Nasdaq National Market System, quotations might still be
available from other sources.
The extent of the public market for the Shares and
the availability of such quotations would, however, depend upon the number of
holders of such shares at such time, the interest in maintaining a market in
such shares on the part of securities firms, the possible termination of
registration of such shares under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended (the "Exchange Act"), as described below and other factors.
If, as a
result of the purchase of Shares pursuant to the Offer, the Shares no longer
meet the criteria for continuing inclusion in The Nasdaq National Market System,
the market for the Shares could be adversely affected.

     
If The Nasdaq National Market System were to delist the Shares, it is
possible that the Shares would continue to trade on another securities exchange
or in the over-the-counter market and that price or other quotations would be
reported by such exchange or through other sources.
The extent of the public
market for the Shares and the availability of such quotations would depend upon
such factors as the number of stockholders and/or the aggregate market value of
the publicly traded Shares remaining at such time, the interest in maintaining a
market in the Shares on the part of securities firms, the possible termination
of registration under the Exchange Act (as described below) and other factors.

We cannot predict whether the reduction in the number of Shares that might
otherwise trade publicly would have an adverse or beneficial effect on the
market price for or marketability of the Shares or whether it would cause future
market prices to be greater or less than the Offer Price.

     
Exchange Act Registration.
The Shares are currently registered under the
Exchange Act.
The purchase of the Shares pursuant to the Offer may result in the
Shares becoming eligible for deregistration under the Exchange Act.
Such
registration of the Shares may be terminated upon application of the Company to
the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") if the Shares are not listed
on a national securities exchange and there are fewer than 300 holders of record
of the Shares.
Termination of registration of the Shares under the Exchange Act
would substantially reduce the information required to be furnished by the
Company to its stockholders and to the SEC and would make certain provisions of
the Exchange Act no longer applicable to the Company, such as the short-swing
profit recovery provisions of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act, the requirement
of furnishing a proxy statement pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act in
connection with stockholders' meetings and the related requirement of furnishing
an annual report to stockholders, and the requirements of Rule 13e-3 under the
Exchange Act with respect to "going private" transactions.
Furthermore, the
ability of "affiliates" of the Company and persons holding "restricted

securities" of the Company to dispose of such securities pursuant to Rule 144
promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"),
may be impaired or eliminated.
If registration of the Shares under the Exchange
Act were terminated, the Shares would no longer be "margin securities" or be
eligible for quotation on The Nasdaq National Market System.

     
Purchaser believes that the purchase of the Shares pursuant to the Offer
may result in the Shares becoming eligible for deregistration under the Exchange
Act and it would be the intention of Purchaser to cause the Company to make an
application for termination of registration of the Shares as soon as possible
after successful completion of the Merger, if the Shares are then eligible for
such termination.

     Margin Regulations.
The Shares are currently "margin securities" under the
Regulations of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the
"Federal Reserve Board"), which has the effect, among other things, of allowing
brokers to extend credit on the collateral of the Shares.
Depending upon factors
similar to those described above regarding the market for the Shares and stock
quotations, it is possible that, following the Offer, the Shares would no longer
constitute "margin securities" for the purposes of the margin regulations of the
Federal Reserve Board and therefore could no longer be used as collateral for
loans made by brokers.


4. PLANS FOR THE COMPANY.

     
Plans for the Company.
Except as otherwise set forth in this Offer to
Purchase, it is expected that, immediately following the Merger, the business
operations of the Company will be continued by the Surviving Corporation
substantially as they are currently being conducted.
The directors of Purchaser
will be the initial directors of the Surviving Corporation, and the officers of
Purchaser will be the initial officers of the Surviving Corporation.
Upon
completion of the Offer and the Merger, Parent intends to conduct a detailed
review of the Company and its assets, corporate structure, capitalization,
operations, policies, management and personnel.
After such review, Parent will
determine what actions or changes, if any, would be desirable in light of the
circumstances which then exist.

     
Except as described in this Offer to Purchase, neither Parent nor Purchaser
has any current plans or proposals that would relate to or result in (i) any
extraordinary corporate transaction, such as a merger, reorganization or
liquidation involving the Company or any of its subsidiaries, (ii) a purchase,
sale or transfer of a material amount of assets of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries, (iii) any change in the Company Board or management, including,
but not limited to, any plans or proposals to change the number or term of
directors or to fill any existing vacancies on the Company Board or to change
any material term of the employment contract of any executive officer, (iv) any
material change in the Company's capitalization, indebtedness or dividend
policy, (v) any other material change in the Company's corporate structure or
business, (vi) a class of securities being delisted from a national securities
exchange or ceasing to be authorized to be quoted in an interdealer quotation
system of a registered national securities association, or (vii) a class of
equity securities of the Company becoming eligible for termination of
registration pursuant to Section 12(g)(4) of the Exchange Act.
Most members of
the Company's current management are not expected to continue with the Surviving
Corporation following the Merger.
Also, it is currently contemplated that
certain non-core assets of the Company (which accounted for approximately
fifteen percent (15%) of the Company's revenues in 2000) will be sold to a new
entity owned by certain members of the Company's current management and by
Parent.
Any such transaction will be negotiated at arms' length among the
various parties.
See -- Certain Effects of the Offer, -- Interests of Certain
Persons in the Offer and the Merger and The Tender Offer -- The Merger
Agreement.


5. POSITION OF PARENT AND PURCHASER REGARDING THE FAIRNESS OF THE OFFER AND THE
   MERGER.

     
Parent and Purchaser believe that the Merger Consideration to be received
by the Company's stockholders (other than Parent and Purchaser) pursuant to the
Offer and the Merger is fair to and in the best interests of the Company's
unaffiliated stockholders.
Each of Parent and Purchaser is making the statements
included in this Section 5 solely for the purpose of complying with the
requirements of Rule 13e-3 and related rules under the Exchange Act.
The
position of Parent and Purchaser as to the fairness of the Offer and the Merger
is not a recommendation to any holder of Shares as to whether such holder should
tender Shares into the Offer or as to how such holder should vote with regard to
the Merger, if applicable.

     
Parent and Purchaser believe that the Offer and the Merger are
substantively and procedurally fair to the Company's unaffiliated stockholders.

Neither Parent nor Purchaser participated in the deliberations of the Company
Board or received advice from PwCS.
Parent and Purchaser base their belief
regarding the fairness of the Offer and the Merger on the following factors:

     - the fact that the Offer and the Merger and the other terms and conditions
       of the Merger Agreement were the result of arm's length, good faith
       negotiations between Parent and the Company, each of which acted
       independently and with the assistance of independent financial and legal
       advisors;

     - the recent and historical financial condition and results of operations
       of the Company and the Company's current business strategy and future
       prospects, together with the risks associated with achieving those
       objectives and realizing those prospects in current industry and market
       conditions, the Company's position in such markets and the historical and
       current market prices for the Shares;

     - the terms of the Merger Agreement, including a structure designed to
       result in the holders of Shares receiving cash consideration in the Offer
       and the Merger;

     - the fact that the price per Share to be paid in the Offer and the Merger
       represents a premium of approximately 65% over the $4.25 closing price
       per Share on The Nasdaq National Market System on February 16, 2001 (the
       last full day of trading before the public announcement that Parent was
       engaged in discussions with the Company); a premium of approximately 30%
       over the $5.38 closing price per Share on The Nasdaq National Market
       System one day prior to March 30, 2001; a premium of approximately 35%
       over the $5.19 closing price per Share on The Nasdaq National Market
       System one week prior to March 30, 2001; and a premium of approximately
       57% over the $4.47 closing price per Share on The Nasdaq National Market
       System four weeks prior to March 30, 2001;

     - the Company's prior unsuccessful efforts to solicit bids for the Company
       and the fact that neither Parent nor Purchaser is aware of any current or
       recent offer, inquiry or proposal from any person regarding an
       acquisition of the Company or any significant portion of its assets or
       securities;

     - the fact that the Company Board received an opinion, dated March 30,
       2001, from PwCS that as of that date and based upon and subject to the
       assumptions, factors and limitations set forth in the written opinion,
       the $7.00 per Share cash consideration to be received by holders of
       Shares (other than Parent and Purchaser) in the Offer and the Merger
       pursuant to the Merger Agreement was fair to such holders of Shares, from
       a financial point of view; and

     - the fact that the Company Board, by unanimous action, determined that the
       Offer and the Merger are advisable, fair to and in the best interests of
       the Company and its stockholders.

     
Neither Parent nor Purchaser found it practicable to assign, nor did they
assign, relative weights to the individual factors considered in reaching their
conclusion as to fairness.
Moreover, neither Parent nor Purchaser considered net
book value, liquidation value or going concern value in evaluating the fairness
of the Offer and the Merger to the Company's unaffiliated stockholders.


6. OPINION OF THE COMPANY'S FINANCIAL ADVISOR.

     
The Company Board retained PwCS to act as its financial advisor and, as
requested by the Company Board, to render an opinion as to the fairness of the
Merger, from a financial point of view, to the Company's public stockholders.

Prior to being engaged as the financial advisor to the Company Board, PwCS had
no prior professional relationship with the Company.

     
At the request of the Company Board, on March 30, 2001, PwCS rendered its
written opinion to the Company Board to the effect that, as of that date and
subject to the assumptions made, matters considered and limits of the review
undertaken by PwCS described in its opinion, the Merger Consideration to be
received by the Company's common stockholders (other than Parent and Purchaser)
pursuant to the Offer and the Merger was fair from a financial point of view to
such stockholders.

     
The full text of PwCS' written opinion is attached as Appendix A to this
Offer to Purchase and is hereby incorporated into this Offer to Purchaser by
reference.
The following description of PwCS' opinion is only a summary, and you
should read the full opinion for a complete understanding of the opinion's
assumptions, considerations and limitations.

     
You should be aware that the PwCS opinion only advises the Company Board
concerning the fairness from a financial point of view of the Merger
Consideration.
The opinion does not address the merits of the Company Board's
decision to recommend acceptance of the Offer or approval of the Merger.
The
opinion is not a recommendation to you that you tender your Shares or that you
take any other action regarding the Offer or the Merger.

     
In preparing its opinion, PwCS, among other things:

          (a) reviewed the Merger Agreement;

          (b) reviewed certain financial and other information relating to the
     Company that was publicly available or furnished to PwCS by the Company
     that PwCS believed to be appropriate for the purposes of rendering its
     opinion, including, but not limited to: (i) the Company's Annual Reports on
     Forms 10-K for the three fiscal years ended December 30, 1997 through
     December 30, 1999 and the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
     nine-month period ended September 30, 2000; (ii) the Company's audited
     consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 30, 2000;
     (iii) financial projections for and as developed by the Company; and (iv)
     publicly available market information regarding the Company and the
     historical trading price and volume of its common stock;

          (c) met with members of the Company's management to discuss the
     business, operations, historical financial results and future prospects of
     the Company;

          (d) considered certain financial and securities data of the Company
     and compared that data with similar data for other publicly-held companies
     in businesses similar to those of the Company;

          (e) performed a discounted cash flow analysis, a comparable company
     analysis, a comparable transaction analysis and certain other analyses
     which PwCS deemed useful in connection therewith; and

          (f) considered and/or performed such other information, financial
     studies, analyses and investigations and financial, economic and market
     criteria as PwCS deemed relevant and appropriate for purposes of its
     opinion.

     
PwCS did not independently verify any of the information it obtained for
purposes of its opinion.
Instead, PwCS assumed the accuracy and completeness of
all such information.
PwCS relied upon the Company management's assurances that
information concerning the Company's prospects reflected the best currently
available judgments and estimates of management as to the Company's likely
future financial performance.
As to all legal matters, PwCS relied on the advice
of counsel to the Company Board and has assumed that the Merger will be
consummated in accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement.
PwCS did not
make an independent inspection, evaluation or appraisal of the assets or
liabilities of the Company, nor did anyone furnish PwCS with any such evaluation
or appraisal.
The PwCS opinion is based on market, economic and other conditions
as they existed and could be evaluated at the time the opinion was given.

     
No limitations were imposed by the Company or the Company Board on the
scope of PwCS' investigation or the procedures PwCS followed in rendering its
opinion.

     
In addressing the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the Merger
Consideration to be received by the Company's common stockholders (other than
Parent or Purchaser), PwCS employed a variety of generally recognized valuation
methodologies and performed those which it believed were most appropriate for
developing its opinion.
The preparation of a fairness opinion involves various
determinations of the most appropriate and relevant methods of financial
analysis and the application of those methods to the particular circumstances.

Therefore such an opinion is not readily susceptible to partial analysis or
summary description.
In arriving at its opinion, PwCS did not attribute any
particular weight to any analysis or factor considered by it, but rather made
qualitative judgments about the significance and relevance of each analysis and
factor.


Such analyses resulted in the calculation of ranges of implied per share values
for the Company's common stock, including implied values that were greater than
the Merger Consideration, but PwCS did not consider that any particular implied
value, whether less than or greater than the Merger Consideration, was
determinative of fairness.

     
PwCS believes that its analyses must be considered as a whole and that
selecting portions of its analyses, without considering all factors and
analyses, would create an incomplete view of the process underlying its opinion.

     
In performing its analyses, PwCS made numerous assumptions with respect to
industry performance, general business and economic conditions and other
matters, many of which are beyond the control of the Company.
The analyses
performed by PwCS do not purport to be an appraisal and are not necessarily
indicative of actual values, trading values or actual future results that might
be achieved, all of which may be significantly more or less favorable than
suggested by PwCS' analyses.

     
In connection with its analyses, PwCS utilized estimates and forecasts of
the Company's future operating results contained in or derived from projections
developed and supplied by the Company's management.
Analyses based on forecasts
of future results are not necessarily indicative of actual future results, which
may be significantly more or less favorable than the forecasts.
The analyses are
inherently subject to uncertainty, being based on numerous factors or events
beyond the control of the Company.
Therefore, future results or actual values
may be materially different from these forecasts or assumptions.
The PwCS
opinion was one of many factors taken into consideration by the Company Board in
making their determination to approve the Merger Agreement.
Consequently, the
analyses described below should not be viewed as determinative of the opinion of
either the Company Board with respect to the value of the Company or whether the
Company Board would have been willing to agree to different terms for the Offer
and the Merger.

     
The following is a brief summary of the material analyses performed by PwCS
in connection with rendering the PwCS opinion to the Company Board.
For purposes
of the financial analyses from which these per share values are derived, PwCS
assumed that the Company would be operated by a management team with the
perceived ability to achieve the financial results of the projections.
The
following analyses reflect substantially the same methodologies used by PwCS in
its preliminary oral presentation to the Company Board on March 2, 2001, and
updated and confirmed in written form to reflect financial information and
market data that was available as of and on March 30, 2001.

     
For its evaluations, PwCS calculated a range of values for the Company
using six approaches: (i) a comparable companies analysis; (ii) a comparable
transactions analysis; (iii) a discounted cash flow analysis; (iv) a leveraged
buyout analysis; (v) a premiums paid analysis; and (vi) an analysis of a sale of
the Company's economic interest in and the Company's assets associated with
Armus LLC.
In certain cases, investment banks sometimes utilize two other
analyses, (a) a net book value analysis or (b) a liquidation analysis, as
alternative approaches in ascertaining value.
PwCS did not believe either of
these to be meaningful methods to derive the value of an operating business,
because neither the net book value of a company nor its value in liquidation
greatly affect its ability to generate future revenues and income.

     
In the comparable companies analysis, PwCS determined the implied public
market value of the Company based on the multiples derived by dividing
comparable public company valuations by certain measures of operating
performance such as sales, earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and
amortization ("EBITDA"), earnings before interest and taxes ("EBIT"), net
income, the median projected earnings per share as developed by certain research
analysts and net book value.
Comparable public company multiples provided a
proxy for perceived market value, since they are based on the market's valuation
of comparable companies and industry prospects.

     
For all the comparable public companies it selected for the analysis, PwCS
derived various mean and median common stock trading multiples.
Sales, EBITDA
and EBIT multiples are based on total enterprise value divided by each financial
measure, respectively.
Total enterprise value is defined as the market value of
common stock, plus total debt, less cash and cash equivalents.
The remaining
multiples are derived by dividing

the market value of the common stock in aggregate, or per share, as appropriate,
by net income, projected net income and net book value.

     
PwCS calculated unleveraged implied equity valuations for the Company based
upon sales, EBITDA and EBIT by multiplying the Company's sales, EBITDA and EBIT
by the valuation multiples of sales, EBITDA and EBIT derived from the comparable
company analysis.
From this product, PwCS subtracted total debt and added the
Company's cash and cash equivalents to derive the unlevered equity value.
For
valuations based on net income, projected net income and book value, PwCS
multiplied the Company's respective values by the appropriate median multiples
to arrive at implied equity values.
In the case of the Company, PwCS was only
able to employ multiples of sales, EBITDA, EBIT and book value, as the Company
experienced losses during the last twelve months.

     
In choosing comparable companies for the Company in this valuation, PwCS
examined companies that develop, manufacture and market non-durable household
and personal care consumer products sold to end users through retail specialty
stores, drug or grocery chains, mass merchandisers and warehouse clubs.
PwCS'
group of comparable companies consisted of Alberto-Culver Company; Allou Health
& Beauty Care, Inc.; Blythe, Inc.; Church & Dwight Co., Inc.; Clorox Company;
Colgate-Palmolive Company; Del Laboratories, Inc.; Dial Corporation; Gillette
Company; Playtex Products, Inc.; Procter & Gamble Co.; WD-40 Company; and Yankee
Candle Co.

     Results of the comparable companies analysis is summarized in the chart
below:

                                               TOTAL ENTERPRISE                 EQUITY VALUE
                                            VALUE AS A MULTIPLE OF            AS A MULTIPLE OF
                                       --------------------------------    -----------------------
                                        SALES       EBITDA       EBIT      NET INCOME   BOOK VALUE
                                       --------    --------    
--------    ----------   ----------
                                                    (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT MULTIPLES)

Comparable company multiples.........       1.7         9.0        11.4       18.6           4.2
USAD 2000 operating performance......  $249,004    $ 11,499    $  4,675      $(770)      $20,945
                                       --------    --------    --------      
-----       -------
Implied enterprise value.............  $434,943    $102,998    $ 53,508        NMF       $88,623
Plus: cash at December 31, 2000......  $    518    $    518    $    518
Less: debt at December 31, 2000......  
$(36,672)   $(36,672)   $(36,672)
                                       --------    --------    --------      -----       -------
Implied net equity valuation.........  
$398,789    $ 66,844    $ 17,354        NMF       $88,623
                                       ========    ========    ========      =====       =======
Fully diluted shares.................    15,254      15,254      15,254                   15,254
Implied per share valuation..........  $  26.14    $   4.38    $   1.14                  $  5.81
                                       ========    ========    ========      =====       =======
Median per share valuation...........                          $   5.10
                                                               ========

     The comparable transactions analysis applies a similar methodology as the
comparable companies analysis, but relies upon multiples derived from merger and
acquisition transactions involving comparable companies.
These consisted of
sales, EBITDA, EBIT, net income and book value multiples.
For all of the
comparable merger and acquisition transactions, we derived various mean
multiples.
Sales, EBITDA and EBIT multiples are based on total transaction value
(the enterprise value) divided by each financial measure, respectively.
The
remaining multiples are derived by dividing the purchase price by the
appropriate financial item.
Purchase price equals the amount paid for the
target's equity (the equity value).
Transaction value equals purchase price,
plus the target's outstanding interest-bearing debt, less cash and cash
equivalents purchased.

     
PwCS calculated implied equity valuations for the Company by multiplying
its sales, EBITDA and EBIT by the median sales, EBITDA and EBIT multiples
derived in the analysis, then subtracting total debt and adding cash and cash
equivalents.
For valuations based on net income and net book value, PwCS
multiplied USAD's respective values by the appropriate median multiples to
arrive at equity value.
PwCS was only able to employ multiples of sales, EBITDA
and book value, because the valuation based on the Company's operating profit
(adjusted for net debt) and net income were negative.

     
In choosing comparable transactions for the Company valuation, PwCS
examined companies or brands which are manufactured and marketed as non-durable,
household and personal care consumer products

distributed to end users through specialty retail stores, drug or grocery story
chains, mass merchandisers and warehouse clubs.
The group of comparable
transactions consisted of the acquisition of Block Drug Company; Concord
Beverage Co.'s private label business and Vintage brand; Chattem, Inc.'s Ban
line of deodorant; Dial Corporation housecleaning brands; Fort James
Corporation; Revlon's Plusbelle hair care brand; Scrub Free, Delicare and Clean
Shower brands; Colgate-Palmolive's Baby Magic brand; Block Drug Company's Lava
business; American Safety Razor Company; First Brands Corp.; Dep Corp.; Loren
Products; S.C. Johnson's Spray'n'Wash, Glass Plus, Yes and Vivid brands; and
Tambrands, Inc.

     Results of the comparable transactions analysis is summarized in the chart
below:

                                                                             EQUITY VALUE
                                               TOTAL ENTERPRISE            AS A MULTIPLE OF
                                            VALUE AS A MULTIPLE OF         -----------------
                                       --------------------------------     NET       BOOK
                                        SALES       EBITDA       EBIT      INCOME     VALUE
                                       --------    
--------    --------    ------    
-------
                                                 (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT MULTIPLES)

Median multiples.....................       1.2         8.4         9.8      22.4        3.6
USAD 2000 operating performance......  $249,004    $ 11,499    $  4,675    $ (771)   $20,945
                                       --------    --------    --------    ------    -------
Implied enterprise value.............  $304,127    $ 96,744    $ 45,706       NMF    $75,538
Plus: cash at December 31, 2000......  $    518    $    518    $    518
Less: debt at December 31, 2000......  
$(36,671)   $(36,671)   $(36,671)
                                       --------    --------    --------    ------    -------
Implied net equity valuation.........  
$267,974    $ 60,590         NMF       NMF    $75,538
                                       ========    ========    ========    ======    =======
Fully diluted shares.................    15,254      15,254                           15,254
Implied per share valuation..........  $  17.57    $   3.97                          $  4.95
                                       ========    ========                          =======
Median per share valuation...........                          $   4.95
                                                               ========

     In the discounted cash flow analysis, PwCS analyzed cash flows derived from
projections for the Company that were developed by the Company's management team
and reviewed by PwCS.
PwCS discounted the cash flows using a range of discount
rates based upon its estimation of an investor's expected rate of return for a
risk capital investment in the Company.
The discounted cash flow analysis
derives implied equity values based on the present value of future net cash
flows, less current total interest-bearing debt, plus current total cash and
cash equivalents and combines the present value of five years of free cash flow
projections with the present value of the estimated terminal value of the
business beyond the forecast period.

     
Unlike the market-based valuation approaches, the discounted cash flow
valuation utilizes estimates of future, rather than historical, financial
performance.
The cash flows were discounted using a Weighted Average Cost of
Capital ("WACC") derived from the Capital Asset Pricing Model.
The WACC is the
cost of debt times the percentage of debt to the sum of the debt and the equity,
plus the cost of equity times the percentage of equity to the sum of the debt
and the equity.

     
The cost of debt is the product of the Company's weighted average interest
rate on its debt.
The cost of equity is the product of the risk free rate
(Ibbotson Associates 2000 Yearbook's 20 year U.S. Treasury Bond Yield of 6.8%),
plus the Company's (beta)eta multiplied by the sum of (i) the equity risk
premium (Ibbotson Associates 2000 Yearbook's S&P 500 Equity Premium of 9.4%) and
(ii) the size premium (Ibbotson Associates 2000 Yearbook's Expected
micro-capitalization equity size premium of 2.2%).
PwCS discounted the cash
flows using a range of discount rates based upon the WACC PwCS calculated for
the Company.
PwCS developed this range by increasing and decreasing the
Company's WACC by 100 basis points.

     
For purposes of this analysis, annual free cash flow equals deleveraged net
income, plus depreciation and amortization, less capital expenditures, less the
change in working capital.
In the last year of the analysis, we calculated a
terminal value for the business based on the median EBIT multiple (7.8) paid in
the acquisitions of four closely-comparable consumer products companies that
closed during the past 30 months multiplied by the Company's 2005 Projected
EBIT.

     
Results of the discounted cash flow analysis is summarized in the table
below:

FREE CASH FLOW

                                                   FOR THE YEARS ENDING DECEMBER 31,
                                         -----------------------------------------------------
                                          2001P       2002P      2003P       2004P      2005P
                                         --------    
-------    --------    -------    -------
                                                            (IN THOUSANDS)

EBIT...................................  $ 10,417    $16,170    $ 18,109    $19,978    $21,487
Less: Income taxes.....................         0     (1,009)     (5,567)    (6,514)    (7,588)
                                         --------    -------    
--------    -------    -------
Delevered net income...................    
10,417     15,161      12,542     13,464     13,899
Plus: D&A..............................     6,610      8,210       9,810     11,410     13,010
Less: Capital expenditures.............   (11,000)    (8,000)     (8,000)    (8,000)    (8,000)

Change in working capital..............   (13,598)    (9,597)    (10,436)    (2,124)    (2,192)
                                         --------    -------    --------    -------    -------
Free cash flow.........................  $ (7,571)   $ 5,774    $  3,916    $14,751    $16,716
                                         ========    =======    ========    =======    =======

TERMINAL VALUE BASED ON EBIT EXIT MULTIPLE IN 2005

                                                 2005          TERMINAL
                                                 EBIT           VALUE
                                                -------        --------

7.3x..........................................  $21,487    =   $156,855
7.8x..........................................   21,487    =    167,599
8.3x..........................................   21,487    =    178,342

TOTAL FREE CASH FLOW (ANNUAL FREE CASH FLOW PLUS
THE TERMINAL VALUE IN 2005)

                EBIT EXIT MULTIPLE                     7.3         7.8         8.3
                ------------------                   --------    --------    --------

2000...............................................  $ (7,571)   $ (7,571)   $ (7,571)
2001...............................................     
5,774       5,774       5,774
2002...............................................     
3,916       3,916       3,916
2003...............................................    14,751      14,751      14,751
2004...............................................   173,571     184,315     195,058

PRESENT VALUE OF TOTAL FREE CASH FLOW

Discount rate......................................      13.8%       12.8%       11.8%
                                                     --------    --------    --------
Enterprise value...................................  $100,113    $110,497    $121,658
Plus: Cash.........................................       518         518         518
Less: Debt.........................................   (36,671)    (36,671)    (36,671)
                                                     --------    --------    
--------
Equity value.......................................  $ 63,690    $ 74,344    $ 85,505
Fully diluted shares...............................    15,254      15,254      15,254
                                                     --------    --------    --------
Implied per share valuation........................  $   4.19    $   4.87    $   5.61
                                                     ========    ========    ========

     In the leveraged buyout analysis, PwCS estimated the amount a financial
buyer would expect to pay for the Company, assuming the maximum amount of debt
and equity financing which would enable an equity investor to achieve returns of
25% to 35%.
PwCS' analysis was based on operating projections and general
assumptions developed by the Company's management and reviewed by PwCS.
To
complete this analysis, PwCS constructed capital structures that meet the
estimated risk/return requirements of private equity investors and senior and
subordinated lenders.
The sum of the senior debt and equity, less estimated fees
to consummate such a transaction, provided an implied price which a financial
buyer reasonably could be expected to pay for the Company's common stock.

     
The leveraged buyout analysis is summarized in the table which follows:

                MEDIAN VALUATION -- 30% ANNUAL INVESTOR RETURNS
                                 (IN THOUSANDS)

TRANSACTION STRUCTURE

           SOURCES                                      USES
           -------                                      
----

Revolver......................  $20,150    Purchase stock................    $ 40,111
Term debt.....................   14,347    Repay net debt................      36,104
Subordinated debt.............   16,185    Fees and expenses.............       2,500
Common stock..................   28,033
                                -------                                      --------
          Total sources.......  $78,715    Total uses....................    $ 78,715
                                =======                                      ========
Equity value..................  $40,111
Fully diluted shares..........   15,254
                                -------
Implied per share valuation...    $2.63
                                =======

COMMON STOCK RETURNS

                           CLOSING      2001P       2002P       2003P       2004P       2005P
                           --------    --------    --------    --------    --------    --------

EBIT.....................              $ 10,417    $ 16,170    $ 18,109    $ 19,978    $ 21,487
Multiple.................                   7.8         7.8         7.8         7.8         7.8
                                       --------    --------    --------    --------    --------
TEV......................                81,253     126,126     141,250     155,828     167,599
Less debt................               
(64,442)    (67,447)    (69,578)    (60,418)    (48,170)
Plus cash................                    
50          50          50          50          50
                                       --------    --------    --------    --------    
--------
Equity value.............                
16,861      58,729      71,722      95,461     119,429
Less warrants............                                                               (11,390)

Less management
  options................                                                                (4,003)
                           --------    --------    --------    --------    --------    --------
IRR = 30.0%..............  
$(28,033)   $      0    $      0    $      0    $      0    $104,086
                           ========    ========    ========    ========    ========    ========

     The premiums paid analysis compares the market price of the Company's
common stock prior to the announcement of a transaction with the price after the
announcement.
Based on an efficient market theory, the pre-announcement price
reflects the market's perception about the value of the Company as a going
concern, while the proposed acquisition price reflects the value of the
consideration being offered by Parent, plus or minus an amount associated with
the markets estimation of other factors such as uncertainty of Parent's or the
Company's abilities to close a transaction or the relative likelihood that
another potential acquirer might bid for the Company.

     
To determine the premiums one might expect to be paid in a tender for the
stock of a company similar to the Company, PwCS analyzed the premiums paid in
every transaction that was announced and closed from January 1, 1990 through
February 28, 2001, with enterprise values less than $200 million.
Because of
day-to-day market fluctuations, particularly for a small capitalization stock,
and transaction information leaks, in addition to analyzing the closing price of
the Company's common stock immediately before the announcement, PwCS also
analyzed the stock's closing price one week and four weeks before the
announcement of the transaction.
This allowed PwCS to calculate a range of
prices for the Company's common stock.

     
PwCS presented the analysis contained herein prior to a public announcement
that Parent and the Company have executed the Merger Agreement governing the
Offer and the Merger.
For this analysis, PwCS used February 20, 2001 as the date
of the announcement, because on February 20, 2001, Parent filed a Schedule 13D
with the SEC disclosing that Parent and the Company were engaged in discussions
with respect to a possible transaction.
Those discussions led to the execution
of the Merger Agreement.

     
Results of the premiums paid analysis is summarized in the table below:

                                                    MEDIAN          MEDIAN          MEDIAN
                                                  PREMIUM OF      PREMIUM OF      PREMIUM OF
                                                  ANNOUNCED       ANNOUNCED       ANNOUNCED
                                                 TENDER PRICE    TENDER PRICE    TENDER PRICE
                                                 OVER CLOSING    OVER CLOSING    OVER CLOSING
                                                  PRICE ONE       PRICE ONE       PRICE FOUR
                                                  DAY PRIOR       WEEK
PRIOR     WEEKS PRIOR
                                                 ------------    ------------    ------------

Premium........................................      27.9%           36.0%           46.5%
USAD closing price, February 16, 2001..........     $4.25
                                                    -----
USAD closing price, February 9, 2001...........                     $3.88
                                                                    -----
USAD closing price, January 16, 2001...........                                     $3.50
                                                                                    -----
Implied per share valuation....................     
$5.44           $5.27           $5.13
                                                    =====           =====           =====
Median per share valuation.....................                     $5.27
                                                                    =====

     In its sixth analysis, PwCS considered the value that would be generated if
Parent were to purchase the Company's economic interest in and the Company's
assets associated with Armus LLC (the "Armus Assets") for cash today.
PwCS
estimated the purchase price Parent would be willing to pay for the Armus Assets
by analyzing the present value of the projected cash flows to the Company from
Armus which management derived from the projections for Armus' operating income
for 2001 through 2005 (as provided by the management of Armus LLC) and adding
the present value of the estimated terminal value of the business beyond the
forecast period.
PwCS discounted the cash flows using Parent's WACC

     For purposes of this analysis, the annual free cash flow to the Company
from Armus equals deleveraged net income (defined as the Company's Armus profit
participation as contractually specified in the Armus LLC operating agreement,
less taxes at 40%), plus depreciation associated with the Armus Assets
(estimated by the Company's management to be 88% of the Company's projected
depreciation), less capital expenditures (estimated by the Company's management
to be 88% of the Company's projected capital expenditures), less the change in
working capital required to support the operation of the Armus Assets.

     
In the last year of the analysis, PwCS calculated a terminal value for the
business based on a contractual acquisition multiple (contained in the Armus LLC
operating agreement) of the average of 2004 and 2005 EBITDA.
PwCS then taxed the
proceeds from the sale of the Armus Assets at a rate of 43% (the rate management
estimates would be applicable to the gain on the sale of the Armus Assets).
To
the net after-tax cash generated by the assumed sale of the Armus Assets, PwCS
added the present value of five years of free cash flow projections for the
Company without the Armus Assets and the present value of the estimated terminal
value of the business without the Armus Assets beyond the forecast period.

     
To accomplish this, PwCS analyzed cash flows derived from projections for
the Company without the Armus Assets that were developed by the Company's
management team and reviewed by PwCS.
The cash flows were discounted using the
Company's WACC.
PwCS calculated a terminal value for the business based on the
median EBIT multiple (7.8) paid in the acquisitions of four closely-comparable
consumer products companies that have closed during the past 30 months,
multiplied by the Company's 2005 projected EBIT without the Armus Assets.

     
PwCS' analysis of a sale of the Armus Assets is summarized in the table
which follows:

           CALCULATION OF AFTER-TAX EQUITY VALUE OF THE ARMUS ASSETS
                                 (IN THOUSANDS)

FREE CASH FLOW

                                                   FOR THE YEARS ENDING DECEMBER 31,
                                          ----------------------------------------------------
                                           2001P       2002P      2003P      2004P      2005P
                                          --------    
-------    -------    -------    -------

USAD's share of Armus profit..........    $ 11,810    $17,252    $18,780    $20,760    $22,380
Less: Income taxes at 40%.............      
(4,724)    (6,901)    (7,512)    (8,304)    (8,952)
                                          
--------    -------    
-------    -------    -------
Delevered net income..................       7,086     10,351     11,268     12,456     13,428
Plus
: D&A.............................       5,817      7,225      8,633     10,041     11,449
Less: Capital expenditures............      (9,680)    (7,040)    (7,040)    (7,040)    (7,040)
Change in working capital.............     (10,478)    (7,536)    (8,062)    (1,517)    (1,565)
                                          --------    -------    -------    -------    -------
Free cash flow........................    $ (7,255)   $ 3,000    $ 4,799    $13,940    $16,272
                                          ========    =======    =======    =======    =======

TERMINAL VALUE BASED ON EBITDA EXIT MULTIPLE

                                                                 OPTION
                                                OPTION          TERMINAL
                                                EBITDA           VALUE
                                                -------         
--------

6.5x..........................................  $32,315     =   $210,046

TOTAL FREE CASH FLOW

                   EBITDA EXIT MULTIPLE                       6.5
                   --------------------                     
--------

2000......................................................  
$ (7,255)
2001......................................................  $  3,000
2002......................................................  $  4,799
2003......................................................  $ 13,940
2004......................................................  $226,317

PRESENT VALUE OF FREE CASH FLOW

Discount rate.............................................      14.2%
                                                            --------
Pretax equity value.......................................  $123,991
Taxes on asset sale at 43%................................   (53,316)
                                                            
--------
After-tax equity value....................................  
$ 70,675
                                                            ========

     Results of the discounted cash flow analysis assuming the sale of the Armus
Assets is summarized in the table below:

FREE CASH FLOW

                                                    FOR THE YEARS ENDING DECEMBER 31,
                                           
---------------------------------------------------
                                            2001P      2002P      2003P      2004P      2005P
                                           -------    
-------    -------    -------    -------
                                                             (IN THOUSANDS)

EBIT.....................................  $ 1,463    $ 1,940    $ 2,552    $ 2,613    $ 2,678
Less: Income taxes.......................        0          0          0     (2,276)    (2,521)
                                           -------    
-------    -------    -------    -------
Delevered net income.....................    
1,463      1,940      2,552        337        157
Plus
: D&A................................      561        584        607        630        653
Less: Capital expenditures...............   (1,320)      (960)      (960)      (960)      (960)
Change in working capital................    1,834     (1,711)    (2,091)      (302)      (316)
                                           -------    -------    -------    -------    -------
Free cash flow...........................  $ 2,537    $  (147)   $   108    $  (294)   $  (467)

TERMINAL VALUE BASED ON EBIT EXIT MULTIPLE IN 2005

                                                   2005          TERMINAL
                                                   EBIT           VALUE
                                                  ------         --------

7.3x............................................  
$2,678     =   $19,549
7.8x............................................   2,678     =    20,888
8.3x............................................   2,678     =    22,227

TOTAL FREE CASH FLOW (ANNUAL FREE CASH FLOW PLUS THE TERMINAL VALUE IN 2005)

                  
EBIT EXIT MULTIPLE                      7.3        7.8        8.3
                  ------------------                    -------    -------    
-------

2001..................................................  $ 2,537    $ 2,537    $ 2,537
2002..................................................     
(147)      (147)      (147)
2003..................................................      108        108        108
2004..................................................     (294)      (294)      (294)
2005..................................................   19,083     20,422     21,761

PRESENT VALUE OF TOTAL FREE CASH FLOW

Discount rate......................................      13.8%       12.8%       11.8%
                                                     --------    --------    
--------
Enterprise value...................................  $ 12,003    $ 13,200    $ 14,488
Plus: Cash.........................................    68,158      71,193      74,390
Less: Debt.........................................   (36,671)    (36,671)    (36,671)
                                                     --------    --------    --------
Equity value.......................................  $ 43,491    $ 47,722    $ 52,207
Fully diluted shares...............................    15,254      15,254      15,254
                                                     --------    --------    --------
Implied per share valuation........................  $   2.85    $   3.13    $   3.42
                                                     ========    ========    ========

     PwCS did not ascribe different weightings to each analysis because in every
analysis, the Merger Consideration exceeded the median values for the Company's
equity that PwCS calculated.
Pursuant to its engagement letter with PwCS, dated
February 16, 2001, the Company Board agreed to pay to PwCS an aggregate fee of
approximately $275,000 for its services in connection with the Offer and the
Merger, all of which has been paid.
The engagement letter also provides that the
Company will reimburse PwCS for its reasonable travel, legal and other
out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with PwCS' role thereunder and
will indemnify PwCS and its affiliates from and against certain liabilities.

These liabilities include liabilities under the federal securities laws in
connection with the engagement of PwCS by the Company Board.

     
The Company Board retained PwCS on the basis of its experience with mergers
and acquisitions, financings and advising boards of directors and shareholders
regarding strategic alternatives.
PwCS is regularly engaged in the valuation of
businesses and their securities in connection with mergers, acquisitions and
private placements of securities.


7. INTENT TO TENDER

     Based on information provided by the Company, Parent and Purchaser believe
that each executive officer and director of the Company currently intends to
tender all Shares then held of record or beneficially owned by such person to
Purchaser in the Offer (other than Shares which may be acquired upon exercise of
stock options), except for Daniel Bergman and persons who would by tendering
incur liability under Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act.
Mr. Bergman may sell a
portion of his Shares or gift a portion of his Shares to a charitable trust
prior to the consummation of the Offer.

                                
THE TENDER OFFER

1.
TERMS OF THE OFFER.

     
Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Offer (including, if
the Offer is extended or amended, the terms and conditions of such extension or
amendment), Purchaser will accept for payment and pay the Offer Price for all
Shares validly tendered and not properly withdrawn prior to 12:00 midnight, New
York City time, on Friday, May 18, 2001 (the "Expiration Date").
If Purchaser
extends the deadline for tendering Shares (in accordance with the Merger
Agreement), the term "Expiration Date" will mean the latest time and date on
which the Offer, as so extended, expires.

     
The Offer is conditioned upon the Minimum Tender Condition; that is upon
there having been validly tendered and not properly withdrawn that number of
Shares, which together with any Shares then beneficially owned by Purchaser and
Parent, represents at least fifty-one percent (51%) of the total number of
Shares outstanding on a fully-diluted basis (including Shares issuable upon
exercise of all in-the-money Company stock options and warrants that vest prior
to the Effective Time, but excluding Shares held by the Company or any of its
subsidiaries).
The Offer also is conditioned upon expiration or termination of
any applicable waiting period under the HSR Act, or similar statutes and
regulations, and the other conditions described in the section captioned
- -- Certain Conditions of the Offer.

     
Extension of the Offer.
Subject to the limitations set forth in this Offer,
the Merger Agreement and the applicable rules and regulations of the SEC
described below, Purchaser reserves the right, at any time and from time to time
in its sole discretion, to extend the period during which the Offer is open by
giving oral or written notice of such extension to the Depositary.
During any
such extension, all Shares previously tendered and not withdrawn will remain
subject to the Offer, subject to the right of a tendering stockholder to
withdraw such stockholder's Shares.
See -- Withdrawal Rights.
There can be no
assurance that Purchaser will exercise its right to extend the Offer.

     
Purchaser also expressly reserves the right, at any time and from time to
time, to modify or amend the terms and conditions of the Offer in any respect.

However, pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Purchaser has agreed that, without
the prior written consent of the Company, it will not make any change that (a)
increases the Minimum Tender Condition; (b) changes the form of consideration to
be paid; (c) decreases the price per Share or the number of Shares sought in the
Offer; (d) imposes conditions to the Offer in addition to those set forth in the
Merger Agreement; (e) changes the Expiration Date, except as set forth in the
Merger Agreement; or (f) is adverse to the holders of the Shares.

     
Without the consent of the Company, Parent shall cause Purchaser to (i)
extend the Offer for one or more additional periods of ten business days each,
if any conditions to the Offer have not been satisfied (other than conditions
which are not capable of being satisfied) or waived; or (ii) extend the Offer
for any period required by any rule, regulation, interpretation or position of
the SEC or staff thereof applicable to the Offer or for any period required by
any other law applicable to the Offer.
Furthermore, if all the conditions to the
Offer are satisfied or waived but the number of Shares validly tendered and not
withdrawn is less than ninety percent (90%) of the then outstanding number of
Shares, without the consent of the Company, Parent may cause Purchaser to: (x)
extend the Offer for up to two additional periods of five business days each
beyond the latest Expiration Date; and/or (y) extend the Offer for a subsequent
offering period (as provided in Rule 14d-11 under the Exchange Act) of up to
twenty days in order to acquire over ninety percent (90%) of the outstanding
Shares.

     
The rights reserved in the foregoing paragraphs are in addition to the
rights set forth in the section captioned -- Certain Conditions of the Offer.

     
Any extension, delay, termination, waiver or amendment will be followed as
promptly as practicable by public announcement.
An announcement, in the case of
an extension, will be made no later than 9:00 a.m., New York City time, on the
next business day after the previously scheduled expiration of the Offer, in
accordance with the public announcement requirements of Rule 14e-1(d).
Subject
to applicable law (including Rules 14d-4(d) and 14d-6(c) under the Exchange Act,
which require that material changes be

promptly disseminated to stockholders in a manner reasonably designed to inform
them of such changes) and without limiting the manner in which Purchaser may
choose to make any public announcement, Purchaser shall have no obligation to
publish, advertise or otherwise communicate any such public announcement other
than by issuing a press release to the Dow Jones News Service.

     
Subject to the Merger Agreement, if Purchaser makes a material change in
the terms of the Offer or the information concerning the Offer or waives a
material condition of the Offer, Purchaser will disseminate additional tender
offer materials (including by public announcement as set forth below) and extend
the Offer to the extent required by Rules 14d-4(d) and 14e-1 under the Exchange
Act.
These rules generally provide that the minimum period during which a tender
offer must remain open following material changes in the terms of the offer or
information concerning the offer, other than a change in price or a change in
the percentage of securities sought, will depend upon the facts and
circumstances then existing, including the relative materiality of the changed
terms or information.
In the SEC's view, an offer should remain open for a
minimum of five business days from the date the material change is first
published, sent or given to stockholders, and, if material changes are made with
respect to information that approaches the significance of price and the
percentage of securities sought, a minimum of ten business days may be required
to allow for adequate dissemination and investor response.
With respect to a
change in price, a minimum ten business day period from the date of the change
is generally required to allow for adequate dissemination to stockholders.

Accordingly, if, prior to the Expiration Date, Purchaser increases or decreases
the consideration offered pursuant to the Offer, and if the Offer is scheduled
to expire at any time earlier than the tenth business day from the date that
notice of the increase or decrease is first published, sent or given to holders
of Shares, Purchaser will extend the Offer at least until the expiration of such
tenth business day.
For purposes of the Offer, a "business day" means any day
other than a Saturday, Sunday or a federal holiday and consists of the time
period from 12:01 a.m. through 12:00 midnight, New York City time.

     
Pursuant to, but subject to certain conditions in, the Merger Agreement,
Purchaser has agreed to (i) accept for payment all Shares validly tendered and
not withdrawn pursuant to the Offer as soon as permitted under applicable law,
and (ii) pay for such Shares promptly thereafter.

     
The Company has provided Purchaser with the Company's stockholder list and
security position listing for the purpose of disseminating the Offer to holders
of Shares.
This Offer to Purchase and the related Letter of Transmittal will be
mailed to record holders of Shares whose names appear on the Company's
stockholder list and will be furnished, for subsequent transmittal to beneficial
owners of Shares, to brokers, dealers, commercial banks, trust companies and
similar persons whose names, or the names of whose nominees, appear on the
stockholder list or, if applicable, who are listed as participants in a clearing
agency's security position listing.


2. ACCEPTANCE FOR PAYMENT AND PAYMENT FOR SHARES.

     
Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Offer (including, if
the Offer is extended or amended, the terms and conditions of any such extension
or amendment), Purchaser will accept for payment, purchase and pay for all
Shares which have been validly tendered and not withdrawn pursuant to the Offer
at the earliest time following expiration of the Offer when all conditions to
the Offer described in the section captioned -- Certain Conditions of the Offer
have been satisfied or waived by Purchaser.
Subject to the Merger Agreement and
any applicable rules and regulations of the SEC, including Rule 14e-1(c) under
the Exchange Act (relating to Purchaser's obligation to pay for or return
tendered Shares promptly after termination or withdrawal of the Offer),
Purchaser expressly reserves the right to delay the acceptance for payment of or
the payment for any tendered Shares in order to comply in whole or in part with
any applicable laws, including, without limitation, the HSR Act and similar
statutes and regulations and New Jersey's Industrial Site Recovery Act and
similar state statutes and regulations.
See -- Certain Legal Matters; Regulatory
Approvals.

     
For purposes of the Offer, Purchaser will be deemed to have accepted for
payment (and thereby purchased) Shares validly tendered and not properly
withdrawn as, if and when Purchaser gives oral or written notice to the
Depositary of Purchaser's acceptance for payment of such Shares pursuant to the
Offer.
Upon

the terms and subject to the conditions of the Offer, payment for Shares
accepted for payment pursuant to the Offer will be made by deposit of the
purchase price for the Shares with the Depositary, which will act as agent for
tendering stockholders for the purposes of receiving payments from Purchaser and
transmitting payments to tendering stockholders.
Under no circumstances will
Purchaser pay interest on the purchase price for the Shares, regardless of any
extension of the Offer or any delay in making payment.

     
In all cases, Purchaser will pay for Shares purchased in the Offer only
after timely receipt by the Depositary of (i) the certificates representing the
Shares (the "Share Certificates") or confirmation (a "Book-Entry Confirmation")
of a book-entry transfer of such Shares into the Depositary's account at The
Depository Trust Company (the "Book-Entry Transfer Facility") pursuant to the
procedures set forth in the section captioned -- Procedures for Accepting the
Offer and Tendering Shares; (ii) the appropriate Letter of Transmittal (or a
facsimile thereof), properly completed and duly executed, with any required
signature guarantees or, in the case of a book-entry transfer, an Agent's
Message (as defined below) in lieu of the Letter of Transmittal; and (iii) any
other documents required under the Letter of Transmittal.

     
"Agent's Message" means a message transmitted by a Book-Entry Transfer
Facility to, and received by, the Depositary and forming a part of a Book-Entry
Confirmation, which message states that the Book-Entry Transfer Facility has
received an express acknowledgment from the participant in the Book-Entry
Transfer Facility tendering the Shares which are the subject of the Book-Entry
Confirmation that the participant has received and agrees to be bound by the
terms of the Letter of Transmittal and that Purchaser may enforce the Letter of
Transmittal against the participant.

     
If Purchaser does not purchase any tendered Shares pursuant to the Offer
for any reason, or if a holder of Shares submits Share Certificates representing
more Shares than are tendered, Share Certificates representing unpurchased or
untendered Shares will be returned, without expense to the tendering stockholder
(or, in the case of Shares tendered by book-entry transfer into the Depositary's
account at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility pursuant to the procedure set forth
in the section captioned -- Procedures for Accepting the Offer and Tendering
Shares, such Shares will be credited to an account maintained at the Book-Entry
Transfer Facility), as promptly as practicable following the expiration or
termination of the Offer.

     
If, prior to the Expiration Date, Purchaser increases the Offer Price,
Purchaser will pay the Offer Price, as increased, to all holders of Shares that
are purchased in the Offer, whether or not the Shares were tendered before the
increase in the Offer Price.

     
Purchaser reserves the right to transfer or assign, in whole or in part,
from time to time, to one or more direct or indirect subsidiaries of Parent, the
right to purchase all or any portion of the Shares tendered pursuant to the
Offer, but any such transfer or assignment will not relieve Purchaser of its
obligations under the Offer and will in no way prejudice the rights of tendering
stockholders to receive payment for Shares validly tendered and accepted for
payment pursuant to the Offer.


3. PROCEDURES FOR ACCEPTING THE OFFER AND TENDERING SHARES.

     
Valid Tenders.
To tender Shares pursuant to the Offer, a stockholder must
comply with one of the following: (a) a properly completed and duly executed
Letter of Transmittal (or a facsimile thereof) in accordance with the
instructions of the Letter of Transmittal, with any required signature
guarantees, Share Certificates to be tendered and any other documents required
by the Letter of Transmittal must be received by the Depositary at one of its
addresses set forth on the back cover of this Offer to Purchase prior to the
Expiration Date, (b) such Shares must be properly delivered pursuant to the
procedures for book-entry transfer described below and a confirmation of such
delivery received by the Depositary, which confirmation must include an Agent's
Message if the tendering stockholder has not delivered a Letter of Transmittal,
prior to the Expiration Date, or (c) the tendering stockholder must comply with
the guaranteed delivery procedures set forth below.

     
Book-Entry Transfer.
The Depositary will establish accounts with respect to
the Shares at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility for purposes of the Offer within
two business days after the date of this Offer to Purchase.
Any financial
institution that is a participant in the system of the Book-Entry Transfer
Facility may

make a book-entry delivery of Shares by causing the Book-Entry Transfer Facility
to transfer such Shares into the Depositary's account at the Book-Entry Transfer
Facility in accordance with the Book-Entry Transfer Facility's procedures for
such transfer.
However, although delivery of Shares may be effected through
book-entry transfer at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility, either the Letter of
Transmittal (or a facsimile thereof), properly completed and duly executed,
together with any required signature guarantees, or an Agent's Message in lieu
of the Letter of Transmittal, and any other required documents, must, in any
case, be received by the Depositary at one of its addresses set forth on the
back cover of this Offer to Purchase on or prior to the Expiration Date, or the
tendering stockholder must comply with the guaranteed delivery procedure
described below.

     DELIVERY OF DOCUMENTS TO THE BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER FACILITY IN ACCORDANCE
WITH THE BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER FACILITY'S PROCEDURES DOES NOT CONSTITUTE DELIVERY
TO THE DEPOSITARY.
THE METHOD OF DELIVERY OF SHARE CERTIFICATES, THE LETTER OF
TRANSMITTAL AND ALL OTHER REQUIRED DOCUMENTS, INCLUDING DELIVERY THROUGH THE
BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER FACILITY, IS AT THE OPTION
AND RISK OF THE TENDERING
STOCKHOLDER, AND THE DELIVERY WILL BE DEEMED MADE ONLY WHEN ACTUALLY RECEIVED BY
THE DEPOSITARY (INCLUDING, IN THE CASE OF A BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER, A BOOK-ENTRY
CONFIRMATION).
IF DELIVERY IS BY MAIL, REGISTERED MAIL WITH RETURN RECEIPT
REQUESTED, PROPERLY INSURED, IS RECOMMENDED.
IN ALL CASES, SUFFICIENT TIME
SHOULD BE ALLOWED TO ENSURE TIMELY DELIVERY.

     
Signature Guarantees.
No signature guarantee is required on the Letter of
Transmittal where Shares are tendered (i) by a registered holder of Shares who
has not completed either the box labeled "Special Delivery Instructions" or the
box labeled "Special Payment Instructions" on the Letter of Transmittal or (ii)
for the account of a bank, broker, dealer, credit union, savings association or
other entity which is a member in good standing of a recognized Medallion
Program approved by the Securities Transfer Association Inc., including the
Securities Transfer Agents Medallion Program (STAMP), the Stock Exchange
Medallion Program (SEMP) and the New York Stock Exchange Medallion Signature
Program (MSP), or any other "eligible guarantor institution" as defined in Rule
17Ad-15 under the Exchange Act (each of the foregoing, an "Eligible
Institution").
In all other cases, all signatures on a Letter of Transmittal
must be guaranteed by an Eligible Institution.
See Instruction 1 of the Letter
of Transmittal.

     
If a Share Certificate is registered in the name of a person or persons
other than the signer of the Letter of Transmittal, or if payment is to be made
or delivered to, or a Share Certificate for unpurchased Shares is to be issued
or returned to, a person other than the registered holder, then the Share
Certificate must be endorsed or accompanied by an appropriate duly executed
stock power, in either case signed exactly as the name of the registered holder
appears on the Share Certificate, with the signature on such Share Certificate
or stock power guaranteed by an Eligible Institution as provided in the Letter
of Transmittal.
See Instructions 1 and 5 of the Letter of Transmittal.

     Guaranteed Delivery.
If a stockholder desires to tender Shares pursuant to
the Offer and the Share Certificates evidencing such stockholder's Shares are
not immediately available or such stockholder cannot deliver the Share
Certificates and all other required documents to the Depositary prior to the
Expiration Date, or such stockholder cannot complete the procedure for delivery
by book-entry transfer on a timely basis, the stockholder's Shares may
nevertheless be tendered; provided that all of the following conditions are
satisfied:

          (i) the tender is made by or through an Eligible Institution;

          (ii) the Depositary receives, as described below, a properly completed
     and duly executed Notice of Guaranteed Delivery, substantially in the form
     made available by Purchaser, on or prior to the Expiration Date; and

          (iii) the Depositary receives the Share Certificates (or a Book-Entry
     Confirmation) evidencing all tendered Shares, in proper form for transfer,
     in each case together with the Letter of Transmittal (or a facsimile
     thereof), properly completed and duly executed, with any required signature
     guarantees (or, in the case of a book-entry transfer, an Agent's Message),
     and any other documents required by the Letter of Transmittal, within three
     (3) New York Stock Exchange trading days after the date of execution of
     such Notice of Guaranteed Delivery.

     
The Notice of Guaranteed Delivery may be delivered by hand or mail or
transmitted by facsimile transmission to the Depositary and must include a
guarantee by an Eligible Institution in the form set forth in the form of Notice
of Guaranteed Delivery made available by Purchaser.

     
Notwithstanding any other provision of the Offer, Purchaser will pay for
Shares only after timely receipt by the Depositary of (i) Share Certificates
representing, or Book-Entry Confirmation with respect to, the Shares; (ii) a
properly completed and duly executed Letter of Transmittal (or a facsimile
thereof), together with any required signature guarantees (or, in the case of a
book-entry transfer, an Agent's Message); and (iii) any other documents required
by the Letter of Transmittal.

     Determination of Validity.
All questions as to the validity, form,
eligibility (including time of receipt) and acceptance for payment of any tender
of Shares will be determined by Purchaser in its sole discretion, which
determination will be final and binding on all parties.
Purchaser reserves the
absolute right to reject any and all tenders determined by it not to be in
proper form or the acceptance for payment of which may, in the opinion of its
counsel, be unlawful.
Subject to the terms of the Merger Agreement, Purchaser
also reserves the absolute right to waive any condition of the Offer or any
defect or irregularity in the tender of any Shares of any particular stockholder
of the Company, whether or not similar defects or irregularities are waived in
the case of other stockholders of the Company.

     
Subject to the Merger Agreement, Purchaser's interpretation of the terms
and conditions of the Offer (including the Letter of Transmittal and the
instructions thereto) will be final and binding.
No tender of Shares will be
deemed to have been validly made until all defects and irregularities have been
cured or waived.
None of Parent, Purchaser, or any of their respective
affiliates or assigns, the Depositary, the Information Agent or any other person
will be under any duty to give notification of any defects or irregularities in
tenders or incur any liability for failure to give any such notification.

     
Appointment as Proxy.
By executing the Letter of Transmittal, a tendering
stockholder irrevocably appoints designees of Purchaser as such stockholder's
agents, attorneys-in-fact and proxies, with full power of substitution, in the
manner set forth in the Letter of Transmittal, to the full extent of such
stockholder's rights with respect to the Shares tendered by such stockholder and
accepted for payment by Purchaser and with respect to any and all other Shares
or other securities or rights issued or issuable in respect of those Shares on
or after the date of this Offer to Purchase.
All such powers of attorney and
proxies will be considered irrevocable and coupled with an interest in the
tendered Shares.
This appointment will be effective when, and only to the extent
that, Purchaser accepts such Shares for payment.
Upon such acceptance for
payment, all other powers of attorney and proxies given by such stockholder with
respect to such Shares and such other securities or rights prior to such
acceptance for payment will be revoked without further action, and no subsequent
powers of attorney or proxies may be given, nor may any subsequent written
consent be executed by such stockholder (and, if given or executed, will not be
deemed to be effective) with respect thereto.
The designees of Purchaser will,
with respect to the Shares for which the appointment is effective, be empowered
to exercise all voting and other rights of such stockholder as they, in their
sole discretion, may deem proper at any annual or special meeting of the
Company's stockholders or any adjournment or postponement thereof, or by written
consent in lieu of any such meeting or otherwise.
In order for Shares to be
deemed validly tendered, immediately upon the acceptance for payment of such
Shares, Purchaser or its designee must be able to exercise full voting rights to
the extent permitted under applicable law with respect to such Shares.

     
Tender Constitutes Binding Agreement.
Purchaser's acceptance for payment of
Shares tendered pursuant to any of the procedures described above will
constitute a binding agreement between Purchaser and the tendering stockholder
upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Offer.


4. WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS.

     
Tenders of Shares made pursuant to the Offer are irrevocable, except that
such Shares may be withdrawn (i) at any time prior to the Expiration Date and
(ii) unless theretofore accepted for payment by Purchaser pursuant to the Offer,
at any time after June 10, 2001 (or such later date as may apply if the Offer is
extended).
See -- Terms of the Offer.

     
If Purchaser extends the Offer, is delayed in its acceptance for payment of
Shares, or is unable to accept Shares for payment pursuant to the Offer for any
reason, then, without prejudice to Purchaser's rights under the Offer, the
Depositary may, nevertheless, on behalf of Purchaser, retain tendered Shares,
and such Shares may not be withdrawn except to the extent that tendering
stockholders are entitled to and duly exercise withdrawal rights as described in
this Section 4.
Any such delay will be by an extension of the Offer to the
extent required by law.

     
For a withdrawal to be effective, a written or facsimile transmission
notice of withdrawal must be timely received by the Depositary at one of its
addresses set forth on the back cover page of this Offer to Purchase.
Any such
notice of withdrawal must specify the name of the person who tendered the Shares
to be withdrawn, the number of Shares to be withdrawn and (if Share Certificates
have been tendered)
the name of the registered holder of such Shares, if
different from that of the person who tendered such Shares.
If Share
Certificates representing Shares to be withdrawn have been delivered or
otherwise identified to the Depositary, then, prior to the physical release of
such Share Certificates, the serial numbers shown on such Share Certificates
must be submitted to the Depositary and the signature on the notice of
withdrawal must be guaranteed by an Eligible Institution, except in the case of
Shares tendered for the account of an Eligible Institution.
If Shares have been
tendered pursuant to the procedure for book-entry transfer as set forth in the
section captioned -- Procedures for Accepting the Offer and Tendering Shares,
the notice of withdrawal must specify the name and number of the account at the
Book-Entry Transfer Facility to be credited with the withdrawn Shares, in which
case a notice of withdrawal will be effective if delivered to the Depositary by
any method of delivery described in the first sentence of this paragraph.

     
Withdrawals of Shares may not be rescinded.
Any Shares properly withdrawn
will be considered not validly tendered for purposes of the Offer.
However,
withdrawn Shares may be tendered again at any time prior to the Expiration Date
by following one of the procedures described in the section captioned
- -- Procedures for Accepting the Offer and Tendering Shares.

     
All questions as to the form and validity (including time of receipt) of
any notice of withdrawal will be determined by Purchaser, in its sole
discretion, which determination will be final and binding.
None of Parent,
Purchaser, or their respective affiliates or assigns, the Depositary, the
Information Agent or any other person will be under any duty to give
notification of any defects or irregularities in any notice of withdrawal or
incur any liability for failure to give any such notification.


5. MATERIAL U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS.

     
The following is a summary of the material United States federal income tax
consequences to the Company's stockholders of the sale of Shares pursuant to the
Offer and the exchange of Shares for cash pursuant to the Merger.
This summary
does not purport to be a description of all tax consequences that may be
relevant to the Company's stockholders, and assumes an understanding of tax
rules of general application.
It does not address special rules which may apply
to the Company's stockholders based on their tax status, individual
circumstances or other factors unrelated to the Offer or the Merger.
All
stockholders are encouraged to consult their own tax advisors to determine the
particular tax consequences to them (including the application and effect of any
state, local or foreign income and other tax laws) of the Offer and the Merger.

     
The receipt of cash pursuant to the Offer or the Merger will constitute a
taxable transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes under the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), and may also constitute a taxable
transaction under applicable state, local, foreign income and other tax laws.

For U.S. federal income tax purposes, a tendering stockholder would generally
recognize gain or loss in an amount equal to the difference between the amount
of cash received by the stockholder pursuant to the Offer or the Merger and the
stockholder's tax basis for the Shares tendered and purchased pursuant to the
Offer or exchanged pursuant to the Merger.
If tendered Shares are held by a
tendering stockholder as capital assets, that gain or loss will be capital gain
or loss.
Any such capital gain or loss will be long term if, as of the date of
the disposition of the Shares, the tendering stockholder held such Shares for
more than one year or will be short term if, as of such date, the stockholder
held such Shares for one year or less.

     
Backup U.S. Federal Income Tax Withholding.
Under U.S. federal income tax
law, the amount of any payments made by the Depositary to stockholders of the
Company (other than certain exempt stockholders, including, among others, all
corporations and certain foreign individuals), pursuant to the Offer or the
Merger may be subject to backup withholding tax at a rate of 31%.
To avoid
backup withholding tax with respect to payments made pursuant to the Offer or
the Merger, each stockholder must provide the Depositary with such stockholder's
correct taxpayer identification number or social security number and certify
under penalties of perjury that such stockholder is not subject to backup
federal income tax withholding by completing the Substitute Form W-9 in the
Letter of Transmittal.
If backup withholding applies with respect to a
stockholder or if a stockholder fails to deliver a completed Substitute Form W-9
to the Depositary or otherwise establish an exemption, the Depositary is
required to withhold 31% of any payments made to such stockholder.
See
Instruction 8 of the Letter of Transmittal.

     
The foregoing discussion may not be applicable to certain types of
stockholders of the Company, including stockholders who acquired Shares through
the exercise of employee stock options or otherwise as compensation, individuals
who are not citizens or residents of the United States, foreign corporations, or
entities that are otherwise subject to special tax treatment under the Code
(such as insurance companies, tax-exempt entities and regulated investment
companies).


6. PRICE RANGE OF SHARES; DIVIDENDS.

     
The Shares trade on The Nasdaq National Market System under the symbol
"USAD."
The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the high and
low sale prices for the Shares on The Nasdaq National Market System based on
published financial sources.

                              
USA DETERGENTS, INC.

                                                              HIGH      LOW
                                                              -----    
-----

  First Quarter.............................................  $8.00    $5.75
  Second Quarter............................................  $7.00    $4.63
  Third Quarter.............................................  $6.06    $4.31
  Fourth Quarter............................................  
$6.47    $2.25

  First Quarter.............................................  $3.38    $2.13
  Second Quarter............................................  $5.13    $1.63
  Third Quarter.............................................  $3.75    $2.69
  Fourth Quarter............................................  $3.75    $2.19

  First Quarter.............................................  $5.97    $2.22
  Second Quarter (through April 11).........................  $6.91    $6.81

     In the Merger Agreement, the Company has represented to each of Parent and
Purchaser that 14,192,776 Shares were issued and outstanding as of March 30,
2001.
On February 16, 2001, the last full day of trading before the public
announcement that Parent was engaged in discussions with the Company, the
closing price of the Shares reported on The Nasdaq National Market System was
$4.25 per share.
On March 30, 2001, the last full day of trading before the
public announcement of the execution of the Merger Agreement, the closing price
of the Shares on The Nasdaq National Market System was $5.8125 per Share.
On
April 11, 2001, the last full day of trading before the commencement of the
Offer, the closing price of the Shares on The Nasdaq National Market System was
$6.87 per Share.

     
Stockholders are urged to obtain a current market quotation for the Shares.

     
The Company has not paid any dividends on the Shares in the last two years
and the Merger Agreement prohibits the Company from declaring or paying any
dividends from the date of the Merger Agreement until the Effective Time.


7.
CERTAIN INFORMATION CONCERNING THE COMPANY.

     
The Company is a Delaware corporation with its principal offices located at
1735 Jersey Avenue, North Brunswick, New Jersey 08902.
The telephone number of
the Company is (732) 828-1800.

     
According to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2000 (the "Company's 10-K"), the Company is a leading
manufacturer and marketer of quality, nationally distributed value brand laundry
and household cleaning products.

     
The Company is subject to the informational filing requirements of the
Exchange Act and, in accordance therewith, is required to file periodic reports,
proxy statements and other information with the SEC relating to its business,
financial condition and other matters.
Such reports, proxy statements and other
information can be inspected and copied at the public reference facilities
maintained by the SEC at 450 Fifth Street, N.W., Room 1024, Washington, D.C.
20549, and at the SEC's regional offices located at Seven World Trade Center,
Suite 1300, New York, New York 10048 and Citicorp Center, 500 West Madison
Street, Suite 1400, Chicago, Illinois 60661.
Information regarding the public
reference facilities may be obtained from the SEC by telephoning 1-800-SEC-0330.

The Company's filings are also available to the public on the SEC's Internet
site (http://www.sec.gov).
Copies of such materials may also be obtained by mail
from the Public Reference Section of the SEC at 450 Fifth Street, N.W.,
Washington, D.C. 20549 at prescribed rates.
You may also read and copy reports
and other information at the office of The Nasdaq Stock Market.


8.
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION.

     
Set forth below is certain selected historical consolidated financial
information with respect to the Company, excerpted from the Company's 10-K and
from the Company's unaudited interim consolidated financial statements in the
Company's quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September
30, 2000, each as filed with the SEC pursuant to the Exchange Act.
More
comprehensive financial information is included in such reports (including
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of
operation) and other documents filed by the Company with the SEC, and the
following summary is qualified in its entirety by reference to such reports and
other documents along with all of the financial information and notes contained
therein.
Copies of such reports and other documents may be examined at or
obtained from the SEC in the manner set forth above.

                     
USA DETERGENTS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                  SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                     (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)

                                                                  YEAR ENDED         NINE MONTHS
                                                                 DECEMBER 31,           ENDED
                                                              -------------------   SEPTEMBER 30,
                                                                2000       1999         2000
                                                              --------   --------   -------------
                                                                                     (UNAUDITED)

Income Statement Data:
  Net sales.................................................  $249,004   $242,726     $189,465
  Gross profit..............................................    77,093     78,762       59,831
  Income (loss) before extraordinary charge.................     
1,650      1,650        2,307
  Net income (loss).........................................      (771)     1,586        2,307
  Basic income (loss) per common share before extraordinary
     charge:
     Basic..................................................     (0.05)      0.12         0.17
     Diluted................................................     (0.05)      0.12         0.16
  Net (loss) income per common share:
     Basic..................................................     (0.05)      0.11         0.17
     Diluted................................................     (0.05)      0.11         0.16
Balance Sheet Data (at period end):
  Current assets............................................  $ 49,627   $ 46,146     $ 50,833
  Noncurrent assets.........................................    
45,952     48,540       43,472
          Total assets......................................    95,579     94,686       94,305
  Current liabilities.......................................    74,169     38,143       41,296
  Noncurrent liabilities....................................       195     37,643       28,986
          Total liabilities.................................    74,364     75,786       70,282

     Although each of Parent and Purchaser has no knowledge that would indicate
that any statements contained herein taken from or based on such documents and
reports are untrue, neither Parent nor Purchaser can take responsibility for the
accuracy or completeness of the information contained in such documents and
reports, or for any failure by the Company to disclose events which may have
occurred or may affect the significance or accuracy of any such information but
which are unknown to Parent or Purchaser.


9.
CERTAIN INFORMATION CONCERNING PARENT AND PURCHASER.

     
Purchaser is a Delaware corporation and, to date, has engaged in no
activities other than those incident to its formation and the Offer and the
Merger.
Purchaser is currently a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent.
The
principal executive offices of Purchaser are located at 469 North Harrison
Street, Princeton, New Jersey 08543 and Purchaser's telephone number is (609)
683-5900.

     
Parent is a Delaware corporation with its principal executive offices
located at 469 North Harrison Street, Princeton, New Jersey 08543.
The telephone
number of Parent is (609) 683-5900.
Parent is the world's leading producer of
sodium bicarbonate, popularly known as baking soda, a versatile chemical which
performs a broad range of functions such as cleaning, deodorizing, leavening and
buffering.

     
The name, citizenship, business address, principal occupation or employment
and five-year employment history for each of the directors and executive
officers of Parent and Purchaser and certain other information are set forth in
Schedule I to this Offer to Purchase.

     
Except as described elsewhere in this Offer to Purchase or in Schedule I
hereto, (i) none of Parent, Purchaser nor, to the best knowledge of Parent and
Purchaser, any of the persons listed in Schedule I to this Offer to Purchase or
any associate or majority-owned subsidiary of Parent or Purchaser or any of the
persons

so listed beneficially owns or has any right to acquire, directly or indirectly,
any Shares; and (ii) none of Parent, Purchaser nor, to the best knowledge of
Parent and Purchaser, any of the persons or entities referred to above nor any
director, executive officer or subsidiary of any of the foregoing has effected
any transaction in the Shares during the past sixty (60) days.

     
Except as provided in the Merger Agreement or as otherwise described in
this Offer to Purchase, none of Parent, Purchaser nor, to the best knowledge of
Parent and Purchaser, any of the persons listed in Schedule I to this Offer to
Purchase, has any contract, arrangement, understanding or relationship with any
other person with respect to any securities of the Company, including, but not
limited to, any contract, arrangement, understanding or relationship concerning
the transfer or voting of such securities, finder's fees, joint ventures, loan
or option arrangements, puts or calls, guarantees of loans, guarantees against
loss, guarantees of profits, division of profits or loss or the giving or
withholding of proxies.

     
Except as set forth in this Offer to Purchase, (i) none of Parent,
Purchaser nor, to the best knowledge of Parent and Purchaser, any of the persons
listed on Schedule I hereto, has had any business relationship or transaction
with the Company or any of its executive officers, directors or affiliates that
is required to be reported under the rules and regulations of the SEC applicable
to the Offer, and (ii) there have been no contracts, negotiations or
transactions between Parent or any of its subsidiaries or, to the best knowledge
of Parent, any of the persons listed in Schedule I to this Offer to Purchase, on
the one hand, and the Company or its affiliates, on the other hand, concerning a
merger, consolidation or acquisition, a tender offer or other acquisition of
securities, an election of directors or a sale or other transfer of a material
amount of assets.

     
None of the persons listed in Schedule I to this Offer to Purchase has,
during the past five years, been convicted in a criminal proceeding (excluding
traffic violations or similar misdemeanors).
None of the persons listed in
Schedule I has, during the past five years, been a party to any judicial or
administrative proceeding (except for matters that were dismissed without
sanction or settlement) that resulted in a judgment, decree or final order
enjoining the person from future violations of, or prohibiting activities
subject to federal or state securities laws, or a finding of any violation of
federal or state securities laws.

     
Neither Parent nor Purchaser has made any provision to grant holders of
Shares access to the corporate files of Parent or Purchaser or to obtain counsel
or appraisal services at the expense of Parent or Purchaser.


10.
SOURCE AND AMOUNT OF FUNDS.

     
The Offer is not conditioned upon any financing arrangements.

     
Parent and Purchaser estimate that the total amount of funds required to
purchase all of the outstanding Shares that Parent or its affiliates do not own
pursuant to the Offer and Merger and to pay related fees and expenses will be an
aggregate maximum amount of approximately $110 million.

     
Facilities and the Use of Proceeds.  
Parent and Purchaser expect to obtain
debt financing in an aggregate maximum amount of up to approximately $200
million.
The debt financing will be used to partially fund the Offer, the Merger
and the related fees and expenses and partially to fund Parent's ongoing working
capital requirements.
The funds necessary to purchase the Shares will be
provided to Parent and Purchaser by The Chase Manhattan Bank ("Chase") in the
form of a revolving credit facility (the "Revolving Facility") available in an
amount of up to approximately $200 million.
Chase has committed to provide the
Revolving Facility pursuant to a commitment letter, dated March 30, 2001 (the
"Commitment Letter").

     
Rates and Rate Index.  
The Commitment Letter provides that the applicable
interest rate will be either (1) the ABR (as described below) or (2) the
Eurodollar Rate (as described below) plus 1.0%.
The ABR means the highest of (i)
the rate of interest publicly announced by Chase as its prime rate in effect at
its principal office in New York City, (ii) the secondary market rate for
three-month certificates of deposit (adjusted for statutory reserve
requirements) plus 1% and (iii) the federal funds effective rate from time to
time plus 0.5%.
The Eurodollar Rate means the rate (adjusted for statutory
reserve requirements for eurocurrency liabilities) for eurodollar deposits for a
period equal to one, two, three or six months (as selected by the borrower)
appearing on Page 3750 of the Telerate screen.

     
Maturities.  
The Revolving Facility has a final maturity date of six months
from the date of the closing.

     Guaranties.  
The Revolving Facility will be guaranteed by each of Parent's
direct and indirect wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries.

     
Interest Payments, Mandatory Prepayments and Default Rate.  
With respect to
the Revolving Facility, interest must be paid quarterly in arrears or, in the
case of Eurodollar Rate advances, at the maturity of the applicable interest
period or, in the case of interest periods in excess of three months, every
three months.
The net proceeds of (i) any sale or issuance of stock, (ii) any
incurrence of debt for borrowed money or (iii) any sale of assets outside the
ordinary course of business must be applied to reduce the Revolving Facility.

The default rate is 2% over the rate of interest.

     
Other Terms, Conditions, and Covenants.  
Among other conditions to be
negotiated, the Commitment Letter from Chase is subject to the following
conditions: (i) there not occurring or becoming known to Chase any event,
development or circumstance that has had or would reasonably be expected to have
a material adverse effect on the business, operations, property, condition
(financial or otherwise) or prospects of the Parent and its subsidiaries, taken
as a whole, or the Company, (ii) Chase not becoming aware of any information or
other matter affecting Parent, the Company or the Offer and the Merger that in
Chase's judgment is inconsistent in a material and adverse manner with any such
information or other matter disclosed to Chase prior to the date of the
Commitment Letter, (iii) there not having occurred a material disruption of or
material adverse change in financial, banking or capital market conditions that,
in Chase's good faith judgment, would materially impair the syndication of the
Revolving Facility, (iv) Chase's satisfaction that prior to and during the
syndication of the Revolving Facility there shall be no competing offering,
placement or arrangement of any debt securities or bank financing (excepting any
bank financing arranged by JP Morgan to replace the Revolving Facility) by or on
behalf of Parent or any affiliate thereof, (v) the negotiation, execution and
delivery on or before the earlier of the consummation of the Offer and May 31,
2001 of definitive documentation with respect to the Revolving Facility
satisfactory to Chase and (vi) the receipt of requisite third party approvals.

     
The Commitment Letter provides that Parent will provide periodic financial
statements and projections, compliance certificates and other documents that
Chase may request.
Parent also is required to comply with certain financial
covenants, such as a minimum EBITDA for the most recent twelve-month period
ending prior to the closing of the Revolving Facility, which will be calculated
and tested quarterly on a consolidated basis using generally accepted accounting
principles, and which will have compliance levels as set forth in the final
documentation.
Additionally, Parent will be subject to other covenants that are
customary for facilities of the type extended by Chase.

     
Representations and Warranties and Indemnity.  
Parent will provide to Chase
all customary and appropriate representations and warranties.
Parent also will
indemnify Chase and its respective directors, officers, agents, and employees
from and against all losses, claims, damages, expenses, or liabilities incurred
in connection with the financing contemplated by the Commitment Letter or the
proposed use of proceeds of such financing other than with respect to claims or
damages arising from Chase's own gross negligence or willful misconduct.

     
Fees and Expenses.  
The fees for the Revolving Facility include (i) a
structuring and arrangement fee of $500,000 payable on the earlier of the
closing date or the termination of the Commitment Letter, (ii) a funding fee in
an amount equal to 0.25% of the portion of the Revolving Facility allocated to
Chase on the closing date, payable on the closing date, (iii) an administrative
fee in the amount of $25,000, payable on the closing date, (iv) funding or
upfront fees payable to other lenders having allocated portions of the Revolving
Facility, in amounts to be negotiated, (v) a commitment fee of 0.25% per annum
payable to Chase for the period from the date of the Commitment Letter to the
date of closing, payable on the earlier of the closing date or the termination
of the Commitment Letter and (vi) a commitment fee of 0.25% per annum calculated
on the unused portion of the Revolving Facility and payable quarterly in
arrears.

     
Parent also will bear all costs and expenses, including attorney's fees and
appraisal and audit costs, incurred by Chase with respect to the completion of
due diligence, negotiation, documentation and the closing of the Revolving
Facility.

     
The foregoing summary of the Revolving Facility is qualified in its
entirety by reference to the Commitment Letter, which is included as Exhibit (b)
to the Schedule TO relating to the Offer.


11.
THE MERGER AGREEMENT.

     
The following is a summary of the material provisions of the Merger
Agreement, a copy of which is attached as Appendix B to this Offer to Purchase.

The summary is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Merger Agreement,
which is deemed to be incorporated by reference herein.
The following summary
may not contain all of the information important to you, and accordingly, we
encourage you to read the entire Merger Agreement.
Capitalized terms used in the
following summary and not otherwise defined in this Offer to Purchase have the
meanings set forth in the Merger Agreement.

     
The Offer.
The Merger Agreement provides that Purchaser will commence the
Offer and that, upon the terms and subject to prior satisfaction or waiver of
the Minimum Tender Condition and the other conditions of the Offer, as set forth
in the section captioned -- Certain Conditions of the Offer, Purchaser will
purchase all Shares validly tendered and not withdrawn pursuant to the Offer.

The Merger Agreement further provides that, without the prior written consent of
the Company, no change in the terms and conditions of the Offer may be made that
(i) increases the Minimum Tender Condition; (ii) changes the form of
consideration to be paid; (iii) decreases the price per Share or the number of
Shares sought in the Offer; (iv) imposes additional conditions to the Offer; (v)
changes the Expiration Date, except as set forth in the Merger Agreement; or
(vi) is adverse to the holders of the Shares.

     
Without the consent of the Company, Parent shall cause Purchaser to (i)
extend the Offer for one or more additional periods of ten business days each,
if any conditions to the Offer have not been satisfied (other than conditions
which are not capable of being satisfied) or waived; or (ii) extend the Offer
for any period required by any rule, regulation, interpretation or position of
the SEC or staff thereof applicable to the Offer or for any period required by
any other law applicable to the Offer.
Furthermore, if all the conditions to the
Offer are satisfied or waived but the number of Shares validly tendered and not
withdrawn is less than ninety percent (90%) of the then outstanding number of
Shares, without the consent of the Company, Parent may cause Purchaser to: (x)
extend the Offer for up to two additional periods of five Business Days each
beyond the latest Expiration Date; provided that Purchaser shall accept for
payment and promptly pay for Shares that have been validly tendered and not
withdrawn pursuant to the Offer at the earliest time permitted by law after the
earlier of (1) the expiration of any such five-Business Day period at the end of
which such ninety percent (90%) threshold is reached or (2) the expiration of
the last such five-Business Day period; and/or (y) extend the Offer for a
subsequent offering period (as provided in Rule 14d-11 under the Exchange Act)
of up to twenty days in order to acquire over ninety percent (90%) of the
outstanding Shares; provided that Purchaser shall accept for payment and
promptly pay for Shares that have been validly tendered and not withdrawn
pursuant to the Offer, prior to the date of extension, and otherwise meets the
requirements of Rule 14d-11 under the Exchange Act.

     Directors.
The Merger Agreement provides that promptly upon the purchase of
and payment for the Shares pursuant to the Offer, Parent shall be entitled to
designate such number of directors (rounded up to the next whole number) on the
Company Board that equals the product of (i) the total number of directors on
the Company Board (giving effect to the election of any additional directors
pursuant to the Merger Agreement) multiplied by (ii) the percentage that the
number of Shares beneficially owned by Parent and/or Purchaser (including Shares
accepted for payment) bears to the total number of Shares outstanding.
The
Company has agreed to take all action necessary to cause Parent's designees to
be elected or appointed to the Company Board, including increasing the number of
directors and seeking and accepting resignations of incumbent directors.
At such
time, to the extent requested by Parent, the Company will use its best efforts
to cause Purchaser's designees to constitute the number of members (rounded up
to the next whole number) on each committee of the Company Board and on each
board of directors of each subsidiary of the Company (and

each committee thereof) that represents the same percentage as such individuals
represent on the Company Board.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the parties will
use their best efforts to ensure that, prior to the Effective Time, the Company
will retain at least two directors who were directors of the Company on the date
of the Merger Agreement (the "Continuing Directors"); provided, however, that if
there are fewer than two Continuing Directors for any reason, the Continuing
Director or other directors of the Company, as the case may be, shall designate
a person or persons to fill such vacancy or vacancies.
The Company's obligation
to appoint Parent's designees to the Company Board is subject to certain
provisions of the Exchange Act.
From and after the time that Parent's designees
are elected or appointed to the Company Board until the Effective Time, the
approval of a majority of the Continuing Directors shall be required to
authorize: (i) any termination of the Merger Agreement by the Company; (ii) any
amendment of the Merger Agreement requiring action by the Company Board; (iii)
any extension of time for performance of any obligation or action of Parent or
Acquisition under the Merger Agreement; (iv) any waiver of compliance with any
of the agreements or conditions of the Merger Agreement for the benefit of the
Company; (v) any consent or action by the Company Board under the Merger
Agreement; and (vi) any other action of the Company in connection with the
Merger Agreement which adversely affects the holders of Shares (other than
Parent or Purchaser) or holders of Stock Options (as defined below).

     
The Merger.
The Merger Agreement provides that, subject to the terms and
conditions of the Merger Agreement, at the Effective Time, Purchaser will be
merged with and into the Company.
Following the Merger, the separate existence
of Purchaser will cease and the Company will continue as the surviving
corporation (the "Surviving Corporation").
The Company, as the Surviving
Corporation, will succeed to and assume all of the rights and obligations of
both the Company and Purchaser.
Also following the Merger, the Certificate of
Incorporation and Bylaws of Purchaser will be the Certificate of Incorporation
and Bylaws of the Surviving Corporation, and the directors and officers of
Purchaser will become the directors and officers of the Surviving Corporation.

The Merger Agreement provides that the closing of the Merger will take place as
promptly as practicable but in no event later than the second business day after
the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions to the Merger.
At the closing, the
Company, Parent and Purchaser will file the necessary documents with Delaware
public officials to make the Merger effective.

     
Conversion of Shares.
At the Effective Time, each Share issued and
outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (excluding (i) Shares held
by Parent or Purchaser or any subsidiary or affiliate of Parent or Purchaser,
(ii) Shares held by any of the Company's subsidiaries, (iii) Shares held in the
treasury of the Company and (iv) Shares for which appraisal rights are properly
demanded and perfected under Section 262 of the DGCL) will, by virtue of the
Merger and without any action on the part of Purchaser, the Company or the
holder, be converted into and become the right to receive the highest price paid
per Share pursuant to the Offer, without interest.
At the Effective Time, (i)
Shares held by Parent or Purchaser or any subsidiary or affiliate of Parent or
Purchaser and Shares held by any of the Company's subsidiaries and (iii) Shares
held in the treasury of the Company (excluding Shares held in any Company
benefit plan) will automatically be canceled and retired and will cease to
exist, and no cash or other consideration will be delivered or deliverable in
exchange therefor.
Moreover, at the Effective Time, each share of common stock
of Purchaser issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time will
be converted into and become one fully paid and nonassessable share of common
stock of the Surviving Corporation.

     
Company Stock Options.
At the Effective Time, each outstanding option to
purchase Shares (a "Stock Option" or collectively "Stock Options") issued
pursuant to the Company's 1995 Stock Option Plan, as amended and restated, the
Company's Stock Option Plan for Non-Employee Directors, as amended and restated
(together, the "Option Plans"), or any other plan or instrument, whether vested
or unvested, will be canceled in exchange for a single lump sum cash payment
(less any applicable income or employment tax withholding) payable by Parent at
the Effective Time equal to the product of (i) the number of Shares subject to
any Stock Option vested at or immediately prior to the Effective Time (including
any Stock Option which becomes vested on or prior to the Effective Time in
accordance with the terms of an automatic acceleration provision in existence as
of the date of the Merger Agreement and disclosed to Parent), multiplied by (ii)
the excess of the Merger Consideration over the exercise price per Share of such
Stock Option.
This cash payment will be paid only if the exercise price per
Share of the Stock Option is less than the Merger Consideration.


Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, the Company has agreed to use its best efforts
to take all actions necessary to effectuate the foregoing.

     
Representations and Warranties.
The Merger Agreement contains customary
representations and warranties of the parties.
These include customary
representations and warranties of the Company with respect to, among other
matters, organization and qualification, subsidiaries, capitalization,
authority, SEC filings, financial statements, governmental approvals,
litigation, compliance with laws, employee matters, environmental matters, tax
matters, property and intellectual property matters.
The Merger Agreement also
contains customary representations and warranties of Parent and Purchaser with
respect to, among other matters, organization, authority and financing.
The
representations and warranties contained in the Merger Agreement expire at the
Effective Time of the Merger.

     
Conduct of Business.
From the date of the Merger Agreement until the
Effective Time, unless Parent consents in writing, and except as contemplated by
the Merger Agreement or in a Schedule attached thereto, neither the Company nor
any of its subsidiaries will: (i) amend its Certificate of Incorporation or
Bylaws (or other similar governing instrument); (ii) issue, sell or deliver any
shares of any class of capital stock or any other securities or equity
equivalents, except for the issuance and sale of Shares pursuant to Stock
Options previously granted or the issuance and sale of securities by a
subsidiary of the Company to any entity which is wholly owned by the Company;
(iii) take any action to accelerate the exercisability or vesting of Stock
Options (except to the extent that such Stock Options automatically accelerate
under their existing terms), permit cash payments to holders of Stock Options
with respect to such Stock Options, and/or otherwise modify or amend the
existing terms of such Stock Options; (iv) split, combine or reclassify any
shares of its capital stock; (v) declare, set aside or pay any dividend or other
distribution in respect of its capital stock; (vi) redeem or otherwise acquire
any of its securities or any securities of any of its subsidiaries, except as
otherwise permitted by the Merger Agreement; (vii) adopt a plan of complete or
partial liquidation, dissolution, merger, consolidation, restructuring,
recapitalization or other reorganization of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries (other than the Merger); (viii) incur or assume any long-term or
short-term debt for money borrowed or issue any debt securities except for
borrowings under existing lines of credit or in connection with existing
commercial paper programs; (ix) assume, guarantee, endorse or otherwise become
liable or responsible (whether directly, contingently or otherwise) for the
obligations of any other person, except as otherwise permitted by the Merger
Agreement; (x) make any loans, advances or capital contributions to or
investments in any other person, except as otherwise permitted by the Merger
Agreement; (xi) pledge or otherwise encumber shares of capital stock of the
Company or its subsidiaries; (xii) mortgage or pledge any of its material
assets, tangible or intangible, or create or suffer to exist any material lien
thereupon; (xiii) enter into, adopt, amend or terminate any employee benefit
agreement, trust, plan, fund or other arrangement in any manner or increase in
any manner the compensation or fringe benefits of any director, officer or
employee or pay any benefit not contemplated by any plan and arrangement as in
effect as of the date hereof, except as otherwise permitted by the Merger
Agreement; (xiv) acquire, sell, lease or dispose of any assets in any single
transaction or series of related transactions having a fair market value in
excess of $100,000 in the aggregate; (xv) change any of the accounting
principles or practices used by it; (xvi) revalue in any respect any of its
assets including without limitation writing down the value of inventory or
writing-off notes or accounts receivable; (xvii) acquire any corporation,
partnership or other business organization or division thereof or any equity
interest therein; (xviii) enter into any contract or agreement that would be
material to the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole; (xix) authorize
any new capital expenditure or expenditures which individually is in excess of
$50,000; (xx) make any tax election or settle or compromise any income tax
liability; (xxi) settle or compromise any pending or threatened suit, action or
claim; (xxii) commence any new research and/or development project or terminate
any research and/or development project that is currently ongoing, except as
otherwise permitted by the Merger Agreement; (xxiii) sell to any person other
than Parent, Purchaser or their affiliates more than fifteen percent (15%) of
the Shares, except as otherwise permitted by the Merger Agreement; (xxiv) take
any action outside of its ordinary course of business, consistent with past
practices; or (xxv) otherwise take or agree to take any of the foregoing
actions.

     
Stockholder Approval.
If Company stockholder approval of the Merger is
required by law, the Company has agreed to, as promptly as practicable following
the expiration of the Offer, duly call, give notice of, convene and hold a
special meeting of its stockholders (a "Special Meeting") for the purpose of
obtaining such approval.
If a Special Meeting is required, the Company will
prepare and file a preliminary proxy statement with the SEC and promptly respond
to any comments of the SEC or its staff.
The Company also will cause a
definitive proxy statement to be prepared and disseminated to the Company's
stockholders.
Subject to its fiduciary duties under applicable law, the Company
Board will recommend to its stockholders that they vote in favor of the Merger.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Parent or Purchaser acquires beneficial
ownership of at least ninety percent (90%) of the outstanding Shares, the
parties shall take all necessary and appropriate action to cause the Merger to
become effective as soon as practicable after the expiration of the Offer
without a Special Meeting in accordance with the short-form merger provisions of
Section 253 of the DGCL.
Parent has agreed to cause all Shares owned by Parent
and Purchaser to be voted in favor of approval of the Merger.

     
Access to Information.
The Merger Agreement provides that from the date of
the Merger Agreement until the Effective Time, the Company will, and will cause
each of its subsidiaries to, give Parent and its representatives reasonable
access, during normal business hours, to its officers, employees, properties,
books and records, and will furnish promptly to Parent and its representatives
financial and operating data and other information concerning the business of
the Company and its subsidiaries as Parent may reasonably request upon
reasonable notice thereof.

     
Confidentiality.
Parent, Purchaser and the Company have mutually agreed,
subject to certain exceptions, to keep confidential all confidential information
and documents ("Confidential Information") exchanged between each other in
connection with the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, and to
use the Confidential Information solely for the purpose of the transactions
contemplated by the Merger Agreement.

     
Further Actions.
Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, each of Parent,
Purchaser and the Company has agreed to use all of their respective best efforts
to take, or cause to be taken, all actions, and to do, or cause to be done, all
things reasonably necessary, proper or advisable under applicable laws and
regulations to complete and make effective the transactions contemplated by the
Merger Agreement as promptly as practicable, including, without limitation, (i)
cooperating in the preparation and filing of the Offer Documents and any other
filings that may be required under governmental legal requirements; (ii)
obtaining all consents necessary, proper or advisable for the completion of the
transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement; (iii) contesting any legal
proceeding relating to the Merger; (iv) executing any additional instruments
necessary to complete the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement; (v)
taking any additional action after the Effective Time necessary to carry out the
purposes of the Merger Agreement; and (vi) causing the Effective Time to occur
as soon as practicable after the completion of the Offer.

     
Inquiries and Negotiations.
The Company has agreed to immediately cease,
and cause its subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees,
representatives and agents to immediately cease, any discussions or negotiations
with any parties with respect to any Third Party Acquisition (as defined below).

Furthermore, the Company will not, and will not authorize or permit any of its
subsidiaries or any of their respective directors, officers, employees,
representatives or agents to, directly or indirectly, encourage, solicit,
participate in or initiate discussions or negotiations with or provide any
non-public information to any person or group (other than Parent and Purchaser
or any designees of Parent and Purchaser) concerning any Third Party
Acquisition.
The term "Third Party Acquisition" means (i) the acquisition of the
Company by merger, reorganization, consolidation, share exchange, business
combination, purchase of stock or assets or otherwise by any person (which
includes a "person" as such term is defined in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange
Act) other than Parent, Purchaser or any affiliate thereof (a "Third Party");
(ii) the acquisition by a Third Party of all, or a material portion of all, the
Company's assets; (iii) the acquisition by a Third Party of fifteen percent
(15%) or more of the outstanding Shares; (iv) the adoption by the Company of a
plan of liquidation or the declaration or payment of an extraordinary dividend;
(v) the repurchase by the Company or any of its subsidiaries of more than
fifteen percent (15%) of the outstanding Shares; or (vi) the acquisition by the
Company or any subsidiary by merger, purchase of stock or assets, joint venture
or otherwise of a direct or

indirect ownership interest or investment in any business whose annual revenues,
annual net income or total assets is equal or greater than fifteen percent (15%)
of the annual revenues, annual net income or total assets of the Company.

     
The Merger Agreement also requires the Company to notify Parent promptly in
the event that the Company receives any proposal or inquiry concerning a Third
Party Acquisition, including the material terms and conditions thereof and the
identity of the party submitting such proposal, and shall keep Parent updated on
material developments affecting such proposal or inquiry concerning the Third
Party Acquisition.
Prior to furnishing any information or engaging in additional
discussions with respect to a Third Party Acquisition, the Company shall obtain
from the Third Party an executed confidentiality and standstill agreement
substantially similar to the confidentiality and standstill provisions to which
the Company and Parent are subject.
If, however, the Company obtains from the
Third Party a confidentiality agreement without standstill provisions
substantially similar to the standstill provisions pursuant to which the Parent
is bound, then Parent will, to the extent of the difference, be relieved of
compliance with the standstill provisions to which it would otherwise be
subject.
Without limiting the foregoing, the Company shall provide Parent with
not less than five business days' notice and pay to Parent all amounts due to
Parent under the Merger Agreement prior to the execution by the Company of any
agreement (excluding any confidentiality and standstill agreement) with respect
to a Third Party Acquisition or a public announcement relating to the approval
of a Third Party Acquisition.

     
If required by the fiduciary duties of the Company Board, as determined in
good faith by the Company Board after consultation with legal counsel, the
Company's Board of Directors may withdraw its recommendation of the transactions
contemplated by the Merger Agreement or approve or recommend a Superior Proposal
(as defined below), but in each case only (i) after providing written notice to
Parent advising Parent that the Company Board has received a Superior Proposal,
specifying the material terms and conditions of such Superior Proposal and
identifying the person making such Superior Proposal and (ii) if Parent does
not, within five business days after Parent's receipt of such notice of a
Superior Proposal, make an offer which the Company Board determines in good
faith (after consultation with, and duly considering the advice of, a financial
advisor of nationally recognized reputation) to be as favorable to the Company's
stockholders as the Superior Proposal.
The term "Superior Proposal" means any
bona fide Third Party Acquisition proposal which the Company Board by a majority
vote determines in good faith (after consultation with, and duly considering the
advice of, a financial advisor of nationally recognized reputation) to be more
favorable to the Company's stockholders than the Offer and the Merger.

     
If the Merger is not completed for any one of the following reasons: (i)
the Merger Agreement is terminated by the Company Board because the Company
Board has entered into or publicly announced its intention to enter into an
agreement with respect to a Superior Proposal; (ii) the Merger Agreement is
terminated by Parent and Purchaser because (A) the Company Board has withdrawn,
modified or changed its approval or recommendation of the Offer, the Merger
Agreement or the Merger or has recommended any Third Party Acquisition, or (B)
any Third Party has become the beneficial owner of fifty percent (50%) or more
of the outstanding Shares; (iii) the Merger Agreement is terminated by Parent
and Purchaser because a representation or warranty made by the Company in the
Merger Agreement is not true and correct in all material respects and has
resulted in, or is reasonably likely to result in, the failure to satisfy any of
the conditions to the Offer, or the Company has failed to observe or perform any
of its material obligations under the Merger Agreement, and within twelve months
thereafter the Company enters into an agreement with respect to a Third Party
Acquisition or a Third Party Acquisition occurs involving any party with whom
the Company negotiated or provided information to prior to the termination of
the Merger Agreement; or (iv) the Merger Agreement is terminated because the
purchase of Shares pursuant to the Offer has not been completed on or prior to
June 30, 2001 at a time when the Minimum Tender Condition is not satisfied,
there is outstanding a publicly announced offer by a Third Party to complete a
Third Party Acquisition, and no other condition to the Offer is unsatisfied, and
within twelve months thereafter the Company enters into an agreement with
respect to a Third Party Acquisition or a Third Party Acquisition occurs
involving any party with whom the Company negotiated or provided information to
prior to the termination of the Merger Agreement; then the Company will be
obligated to pay to Parent and Purchaser within five business days following the
occurrence of any of the foregoing, a fee of $4,000,000.
In addition, if the
Merger Agreement is

terminated pursuant to either clauses (i), (ii) or (iii) in the preceding
sentence, then the Company will be obligated to reimburse Parent, Purchaser and
their affiliates for all out-of-pocket expenses actually incurred by any of
them, up to a maximum of $2,000,000.
In no event will the Company be liable for
termination fees and expenses in excess of $5,000,000.

     
Notification of Certain Matters.
Each of the Company and Parent has agreed
to give prompt notice to the other of (i) the occurrence, or failure to occur,
of any event that would likely cause any of their respective representations or
warranties to be untrue or inaccurate in any material respect prior to the
Effective Time, and (ii) any material failure of the Company or Parent, as the
case may be, to comply with or satisfy any covenant, condition or agreement to
be complied with or satisfied by it under the Merger Agreement.

     
Indemnification.
The Merger Agreement requires Parent to provide, until the
sixth anniversary of the closing date of the Merger, to the directors and
officers who currently are covered by the Company's existing insurance and
indemnification policy an insurance and indemnification policy that provides
coverage for events occurring prior to the Effective Time that is no less
favorable than the Company's existing policy or, if substantially equivalent
coverage is unavailable, the best available coverage; provided, however, that
Parent shall not be required to pay an annual premium for the coverage in excess
of 150% of the last annual premium paid by the Company prior to the date of the
Merger Agreement.
After the Effective Time, Parent and the Surviving Corporation
shall indemnify and hold harmless each person who has been prior to the date of
the Merger Agreement, or who becomes prior to the Effective Time, a director or
officer of the Company or any of its subsidiaries against all losses, claims,
damages, costs, expenses (including without limitation reasonable counsel fees
and expenses), settlement, payments or liabilities arising out of or in
connection with the fact that such person is or was an officer or director of
the Company or any of its subsidiaries, or pertaining to the Merger Agreement or
the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, in each case to the
fullest extent required or permitted under applicable law or under the Surviving
Corporation's Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws or indemnification
agreements.

     
Section 16 Matters.
Prior to the Effective Time, the Company will take all
such steps as may be required to cause any dispositions of Shares (including
derivative securities with respect to the Shares) resulting from the
transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement by each individual who is
subject to the reporting requirements of Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act with
respect to the Company to be exempt under Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the
Exchange Act.

     Publicity.
The Company, Parent and Purchaser agree that they will not issue
any press release or make any other public announcement concerning the Merger
Agreement or the transactions contemplated thereby without the prior consent of
the other party, except such public disclosure required by law or as reasonably
determined to be prudent upon the good faith exercise of the fiduciary duties of
the board of directors of any party hereunder.
In any event, an announcing party
must notify the other parties to the Merger Agreement of the material details of
any release or statement at least one business day prior to the public
announcement.

     
New Jersey Environmental Approvals.
The Company will comply with all
obligations under New Jersey's Site Recovery Act and the Brownfield Contaminated
Site Remediation Act and all applicable regulations, orders or directives
adopted thereunder or pertaining thereto (collectively, "ISRA").
In particular,
the Company will seek to obtain, as promptly as practicable, all approvals by
the New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection (the "NJDEP") under ISRA
necessary to complete the Merger.
In the alternative, the Company may elect to
seek a determination from the NJDEP that compliance with ISRA is not required.

     
Employee Benefit Matters.
The Merger Agreement provides that from and after
the Effective Time, the Surviving Corporation will honor all material
employment, severance, consulting and salary continuation agreements between the
Company and any current or former director or executive officer of the Company.

For a period of not less than two years following the Effective Time, the
Surviving Corporation will provide to current and former employees of the
Company employee benefits that are, in the aggregate, not less favorable than
those provided to such employees immediately before the Effective Time.

     Conditions to the Merger.
The respective obligations of Company and
Purchaser to complete the Merger are subject to the fulfillment of the following
conditions: (i) the Merger Agreement having been duly approved by the holders of
the outstanding Shares, if required, in accordance with applicable law and the
Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws of the Company; (ii) no statute, rule,
regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction having been enacted,
entered, promulgated or enforced by any United States court or United States
governmental authority which prohibits, restrains or enjoins the completion of
the Merger; (iii) any waiting period applicable to the Merger under the HSR Act
having terminated or expired; (iv) any applicable approval under ISRA having
been obtained from the NJDEP; and (v) Purchaser having accepted for payment and
paid for Shares pursuant to the Offer.

     
Termination and Abandonment.
The Merger Agreement may be terminated and the
merger abandoned at any time prior to the purchase of Shares pursuant to the
Offer as follows: (i) by mutual written consent of Parent, Purchaser and the
Company; (ii) by Parent and Purchaser or by the Company, if either (A) any court
of competent jurisdiction or other governmental entity has issued a final order,
decree or ruling that restrains, enjoins or otherwise prohibits the Offer or the
Merger, or (B) the purchase of Shares pursuant to the Offer has not been
completed on or prior to June 30, 2001; (iii) by the Company Board, if (A) the
Company Board has entered into or publicly announced its intention to enter into
an agreement with respect to a Superior Proposal, (B) any representation or
warranty made by Parent or Purchaser in the Merger Agreement is not true and
correct in all material respects and has resulted in, or is reasonably likely to
result in, the failure to satisfy any of the conditions to the Offer, or Parent
or Purchaser has failed to observe or perform any of its material obligations
under the Merger Agreement (C) Parent or Purchaser has terminated the Offer, or
the Offer has expired without Parent or Purchaser purchasing any Shares, or (D)
Parent or Purchaser has failed to commence the Offer on or prior to ten business
days following the date of initial public announcement of the Offer or has
failed to pay for the Shares in accordance with the terms of the Offer; or (iv)
by Parent and Purchaser, if (A) an event has occurred or failed to occur, which
event if occurring or failing to occur after the commencement of the Offer would
result in a failure to satisfy any of the conditions to the Offer, and Parent or
Purchaser fails to commence the Offer on or prior to ten business days following
the date of initial public announcement of the Offer, (B) the Company Board has
withdrawn, modified or changed its approval or recommendation of the Offer, the
Merger Agreement or the Merger or has recommended any Third Party Acquisition,
(C) any Third Party has become the beneficial owner of fifty percent (50%) or
more of the outstanding Shares, or (D) any representation or warranty made by
the Company in the Merger Agreement is not true and correct in all material
respects and has resulted in, or is reasonably likely to result in, the failure
to satisfy any of the conditions to the Offer, or the Company has failed to
observe or perform any of its material obligations under the Merger Agreement.

In the event of termination and abandonment of the Merger Agreement, the Merger
will become void and no party will have any further liability to any other
party, except for confidentiality obligations, amounts owed under the section
captioned -- The Merger Agreement; Inquiries and Negotiations and liability for
the breach of obligations under the Merger Agreement.

     
Amendment.
The Merger Agreement may be amended by the Company, Parent and
Purchaser at any time before or after approval, if necessary, of the Merger by
the stockholders of the Company.
After obtaining stockholder approval, however,
no amendment may be made which would require stockholder approval under
applicable law without obtaining such stockholder approval.

     
Waiver.
Each of the Company and Parent may (i) extend the time for the
performance of any of the obligations or other acts of the other party, (ii)
waive any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties of or any document
provided by the other party, or (iii) waive compliance by the other party with
any of the agreements or conditions contained in the Merger Agreement.


12. DIVIDENDS AND DISTRIBUTIONS.

     
The Merger Agreement provides that from the date of the Merger Agreement
until the Effective Time, unless the Parent has consented in writing, the
Company may not declare, set aside or pay any dividend or other distribution
(whether in cash, stock or property or any combination thereof) in respect of
its capital stock, make any other actual, constructive or deemed distribution in
respect of its capital stock or otherwise make any payments to stockholders in
their capacity as such, or redeem or otherwise acquire any of its

securities or any securities of any of its subsidiaries, except for the payment
of dividends or distributions by a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company to the
Company or another wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company.


13.
CERTAIN CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER.

     
Notwithstanding any other provision of the Offer or the Merger Agreement,
and in addition to and not in limitation of Purchaser's rights to extend and
amend the Offer (subject to the terms of the Merger Agreement), and subject to
any applicable rules and regulations of the SEC including Rule 14e-l(c) under
the Exchange Act relating to Purchaser's obligation to pay for or return any
tendered Shares after termination of the Offer, Purchaser shall not be required
to accept for payment or pay for Shares tendered pursuant to the Offer, if (i)
the Minimum Tender Condition has not been satisfied; (ii) any applicable waiting
period under the HSR Act or similar statutes or regulations has not expired or
terminated; (iii) any applicable approval under ISRA has not been obtained from
the NJDEP; or (iv) at any time after the date of the Merger Agreement and before
the Expiration Date, any of the following events shall occur and be continuing:

          (a) there has been instituted or pending any action, suit or
     proceeding, or any statute, rule, regulation, judgment, order or injunction
     promulgated, entered, enforced, enacted, issued or deemed applicable to the
     Offer or the Merger by any domestic or foreign court or other governmental
     entity which directly or indirectly (i) prohibits, or makes illegal, the
     acceptance for payment, payment for or purchase of Shares or the completion
     of the Offer, the Merger or the other transactions contemplated by the
     Merger Agreement, (ii) renders Purchaser unable to accept for payment, pay
     for or purchase some or all of the Shares or (iii) imposes material
     limitations on the ability of Parent effectively to exercise full rights of
     ownership of the Shares, including the right to vote the Shares purchased
     by it on all matters properly presented to the Company's stockholders;

          (b)(i) the representations and warranties of the Company contained in
     the Merger Agreement are not true and correct (except to the extent that
     the aggregate of all breaches thereof would not have a material adverse
     effect on the Company) at the date of the Merger Agreement and as of the
     completion of the Offer with the same effect as if made at and as of the
     completion of the Offer, (ii) the Company has failed to perform, in any
     material respect, its covenants and obligations contained in the Merger
     Agreement, which failure to perform has not been cured within the earlier
     of ten business days after Parent or Purchaser gives written notice thereof
     to the Company or the Expiration Date, or (iii) there has occurred since
     the date of the Merger Agreement any events or changes which have a
     material adverse effect on the Company; or

          (c) all other necessary consents and approvals from governmental
     entities have not been obtained on terms and conditions reasonably
     satisfactory to Parent;

which, with respect to any of the foregoing clauses (a), (b) or (c), in the good
faith judgment of Parent or Purchaser, in any such case, and provided that
Parent and Purchaser have performed all of their respective obligations under
the Merger Agreement relating to such condition, makes it inadvisable to proceed
with the Offer or the acceptance for payment of or payment for the Shares; or

          (d)(i) a tender offer or exchange offer for fifteen percent (15%) or
     more of the outstanding Shares is commenced, and the Company Board, within
     ten business days after such tender offer or exchange offer is so
     commenced, either fails to recommend against acceptance of such tender
     offer or exchange offer by its stockholders or takes no position with
     respect to the acceptance of such tender offer or exchange offer by its
     stockholders; or (ii) any Third Party has entered into a definitive
     agreement or agreement in principle with the Company with respect to a
     Third Party Acquisition;

          (e) the Company Board has withdrawn, or modified or changed in a
     manner adverse to Parent and Purchaser (including by amendment of the
     Schedule 14D-9), its recommendation of the Merger Agreement, the Offer or
     the Merger, or recommended another proposal or offer, or the Company Board
     has resolved to do any of the foregoing; or

          (f) the Merger Agreement has been terminated in accordance with its
     terms.

     
The conditions set forth above are for the sole benefit of Parent and
Purchaser and may be waived by Parent and Purchaser, in whole or in part at any
time and from time to time, in the sole discretion of Parent and Purchaser.
The
failure by Parent and Purchaser at any time to exercise any of the foregoing
rights shall not be deemed a waiver of any such right and each such right shall
be deemed an ongoing right which may be asserted at any time and from time to
time.


14.
CERTAIN LEGAL MATTERS; REGULATORY APPROVALS.

     
General.
Purchaser is not aware of any material pending legal proceeding
relating to the Offer.
Based on its examination of publicly available
information filed by the Company with the SEC and other publicly available
information concerning the Company, Purchaser is not aware of any governmental
license or regulatory permit that appears to be material to the Company's
business that might be adversely affected by Purchaser's purchase of the Shares
as contemplated herein or, except as set forth below, of any approval or other
action by any government or governmental administrative or regulatory authority
or agency, domestic or foreign, that would be required for the purchase or
ownership of Shares by Purchaser or Parent as contemplated herein.
Should any
such approval or other action be required, Purchaser currently contemplates
that, except as described below under the section captioned -- Certain Legal
Matters; Regulatory Approvals; State Takeover Statutes, such approval or other
action will be sought.
There can be no assurance that any such approval or other
action, if needed, would be obtained or would be obtained without substantial
conditions or that if such approval were not obtained or such other action were
not taken, adverse consequences might not result to the Company's business, or
certain parts of the Company's business might not have to be disposed of, any of
which could cause Purchaser to elect to terminate the Offer without the purchase
of Shares thereunder under certain conditions.
See -- Certain Conditions of the
Offer.

     
State Takeover Statutes.
A number of states (including Delaware, where the
Company is incorporated) have adopted laws which purport, to varying degrees, to
apply to attempts to acquire corporations that are incorporated in, or which
have substantial assets, stockholders, principal executive offices or principal
places of business or whose business operations otherwise have substantial
economic effects in, such states.
Except as described herein, Purchaser does not
know whether any of these laws will, by their terms, apply to the Offer or the
Merger or any other business combination between Purchaser or any of its
affiliates and the Company.
To the extent that certain provisions of these laws
purport to apply to the Offer or the Merger or other business combination,
Purchaser believes that there are reasonable bases for contesting such laws.
In
1982, in Edgar v. MITE Corp., the Supreme Court of the United States invalidated
on constitutional grounds the Illinois Business Takeover Statute which, as a
matter of state securities law, made takeovers of corporations meeting certain
requirements more difficult.
However, in 1987 in CTS Corp. v. Dynamics Corp. of
America, the Supreme Court held that the State of Indiana could, as a matter of
corporate law, constitutionally disqualify a potential acquiror from voting
Shares of a target corporation without the prior approval of the remaining
stockholders where, among other matters, the corporation is incorporated in, and
has a substantial number of stockholders in, the state.
Subsequently, in TLX
Acquisition Corp. v. Telex Corp., a Federal District Court in Oklahoma ruled
that the Oklahoma statutes were unconstitutional insofar as they apply to
corporations incorporated outside Oklahoma in that they would subject such
corporations to inconsistent regulations.
Similarly, in Tyson Foods, Inc. v.
McReynolds, a Federal District Court in Tennessee ruled that four Tennessee
takeover statutes were unconstitutional as applied to corporations incorporated
outside Tennessee.
This decision was affirmed by the United States Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit.

     
Section 203 of the DGCL, in general, prevents an "interested stockholder"
(including a person who owns or has the right to acquire fifteen percent (15%)
or more of the corporation's outstanding voting stock) from engaging in a
"business combination" (defined to include mergers and certain other actions)
with a Delaware corporation for a period of three years following the date such
person became an interested stockholder.
The Company Board has taken all
appropriate action so that neither Parent nor Purchaser is or will be considered
an "interested stockholder" pursuant to Section 203 of the DGCL.

     
Neither Parent nor Purchaser has determined whether any other state
takeover laws or regulations will by their terms apply to the Offer or the
Merger, and except as set forth above, neither Purchaser nor Parent have
attempted to comply with any state takeover statutes in connection with the
Offer or the Merger.
Purchaser

and Parent reserve the right to challenge the validity or applicability of any
state law allegedly applicable to the Offer or the Merger, and nothing in this
Offer to Purchase nor any action taken by Parent or Purchaser in connection with
the Offer is intended as a waiver of that right.
In the event it is asserted
that one or more state takeover statutes is applicable to the Offer or the
Merger and an appropriate court does not determine that it is inapplicable or
invalid as applied to the Offer or the Merger, Purchaser might be required to
file certain information with, or to receive approvals from, the relevant state
authorities or holders of Shares, and Purchaser might be unable to accept for
payment or pay for Shares tendered pursuant to the Offer, or be delayed in
continuing or consummating the Offer or the Merger.
In such case, Purchaser may
not be obligated to accept for payment or pay for any tendered Shares.

See -- Certain Conditions of the Offer.

     
Antitrust in the United States.
Under the HSR Act and the rules that have
been promulgated thereunder by the Federal Trade Commission (the "FTC"), certain
acquisition transactions may not be consummated unless certain information has
been furnished to the Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice (the
"Antitrust Division") and the FTC and certain waiting period requirements have
been satisfied.
The purchase of Shares pursuant to the Offer is subject to such
requirements.

     
Pursuant to the requirements of the HSR Act, Purchaser expects to file a
Notification and Report Form with respect to the Offer and Merger with the
Antitrust Division and the FTC on or about April 10, 2001.
The waiting period
applicable to the purchase of Shares pursuant to the Offer is scheduled to
expire at 11:59 p.m., New York City time, fifteen days after such filing.

However, prior to such time, the Antitrust Division or the FTC may extend the
waiting period by requesting additional information or documentary material
relevant to the Offer from Purchaser.
If such a request is made, the waiting
period will be extended until 11:59 p.m., New York City time, on the tenth day
after substantial compliance by Purchaser with such request.
Thereafter, such
waiting period can be extended only by court order.

     
Any extension of the waiting period will not give rise to any withdrawal
rights not otherwise provided for by applicable law.
See -- Withdrawal Rights.

If Purchaser's purchase of Shares is delayed pursuant to a request by the
Antitrust Division or the FTC for additional information or documentary material
pursuant to the HSR Act, the Offer will be extended in certain circumstances.

See -- Certain Conditions of the Offer.

     
The Antitrust Division and the FTC scrutinize the legality under the
antitrust laws of transactions such as the purchase of Shares by Purchaser
pursuant to the Offer.
At any time before or after the consummation of any such
transactions, the Antitrust Division or the FTC could take such action under the
antitrust laws of the United States as it deems necessary or desirable in the
public interest, including seeking to enjoin the purchase of Shares pursuant to
the Offer or seeking divestiture of the Shares so acquired or divestiture of
substantial assets of Parent or the Company.
Private parties (including
individual states) may also bring legal actions under the antitrust laws of the
United States.
Purchaser does not believe that the consummation of the Offer
will result in a violation of any applicable antitrust laws.
However, there can
be no assurance that a challenge to the Offer on antitrust grounds will not be
made, or if such a challenge is made, what the result will be.
See -- Certain
Conditions of the Offer, including conditions with respect to litigation and
certain governmental actions and -- The Merger Agreement for certain termination
rights.

     
New Jersey Environmental Approvals.
The Company must comply with ISRA in
order to complete the Merger.
The requirements of ISRA relate to compliance with
certain environmental regulations prior to transferring property within the
State of New Jersey pursuant to the Merger.
The Company may seek a determination
the NJDEP that compliance with ISRA is not required by reason of the
transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement for its facilities in New
Jersey.
If the NJDEP approves such a determination for any facility, such
approval will fulfill the Company's obligations with respect to compliance with
ISRA under the Merger Agreement for that facility.
If such a determination is
denied for any facility or the Company elects not to seek such a determination,
then the Company must make all filings necessary to obtain all NJDEP approvals
pursuant to ISRA that would allow the Merger to be completed in full compliance
with ISRA.
There can be no assurance that such approvals by the NJDEP under ISRA
will be obtained.

15.
APPRAISAL RIGHTS.

     
No appraisal rights are available in connection with the Offer.

     
If Purchaser acquires at least ninety percent (90%) of the Shares pursuant
to the Offer, the Merger may be completed without a stockholders' meeting and
without the approval of the Company's stockholders.

     
If less than ninety percent (90%) of the Shares are acquired pursuant to
the Offer and a stockholder vote is required to approve the Merger, holders of
Shares may have appraisal rights in connection with the Merger under certain
circumstances.
If the Shares are not listed on a national securities exchange or
quoted on the Nasdaq National Market System on the record date fixed to
determine the stockholders entitled to receive notice of and to vote on the
Merger, the holders of Shares will have appraisal rights pursuant to Section 262
of the DGCL.

     
Holders of Shares at the Effective Time who have appraisal rights and do
not wish to accept the Merger Consideration pursuant to the Merger will have the
right to seek an appraisal and to be paid the "fair value" of their Shares as of
the Effective Time (exclusive of any element of value arising from the
accomplishment or expectation of the Merger) judicially determined and paid to
it in cash provided that such holder complies with the provisions of Section 262
of the DGCL.

     
The following is a brief summary of the statutory procedures to be followed
in order to dissent from the Merger and perfect appraisal rights under Delaware
law.
This summary is not intended to be complete and is qualified in its
entirety by reference to Section 262 of the DGCL, the text of which is set forth
in Schedule II hereto.
Any stockholder considering demanding appraisal is
advised to consult legal counsel.
Dissenters' rights, if any, will not be
available unless and until the Merger (or a similar business combination) is
completed.

     
Stockholders of record who desire to exercise their appraisal rights must
fully satisfy all of the following conditions.
A written demand for appraisal of
Shares must be delivered to the Secretary of the Company (x) before the taking
of the vote on the approval and adoption of the Merger Agreement if the Merger
is not being effected without a vote of stockholders pursuant to Section 253 of
the DGCL (a "short-form merger"), but rather is being completed following
approval thereof at a meeting of the Company's stockholders (a "long-form
merger") or (y) within twenty days after the date that the Surviving Corporation
mails to the stockholders a notice (the "Notice of Merger") to the effect that
the Merger is effective and that appraisal rights are available (and includes in
such notice a copy of Section 262 and any other information required thereby) if
the Merger is being effected as a short-form merger without a vote or meeting of
the Company's stockholders.
If the Merger is effected as a long-form merger,
this written demand for appraisal must be in addition to and separate from any
proxy or vote abstaining from or against the approval and adoption of the Merger
Agreement, and neither voting against, abstaining from voting, nor failing to
vote on the Merger Agreement will constitute a demand for appraisal within the
meaning of Section 262 of the DGCL.
In the case of a long-form merger, any
stockholder seeking appraisal rights must hold the Shares for which appraisal is
sought on the date the demand is made and continuously hold such Shares through
the Effective Time, and otherwise comply with the provisions of Section 262 of
the DGCL.

     
In the case of both a short-form merger and a long-form merger, a demand
for appraisal must be executed by or for the stockholder of record, fully and
correctly, as such stockholder's name appears on the stock certificates.
If
Shares are owned of record in a fiduciary capacity, such as by a trustee,
guardian or custodian, such demand must be executed by the fiduciary.
If Shares
are owned of record by more than one person, as in a joint tenancy or tenancy in
common, such demand must be executed by all joint owners.
An authorized agent,
including an agent for two or more joint owners, may execute the demand for
appraisal for a stockholder of record; however, the agent must identify the
record owner and expressly disclose the fact that, in exercising the demand, he
is acting as agent for the record owner.

     
A record owner, such as a broker, who holds Shares as a nominee for others,
may exercise appraisal rights with respect to Shares held for all or less than
all beneficial owners of Shares as to which the holder is the record owner.
In
such case the written demand must set forth the number of Shares covered by such
demand.
Where the number of Shares is not expressly stated, the demand will be
presumed to cover all Shares

outstanding in the name of such record owner.
Beneficial owners who are not
record owners and who intend to exercise appraisal rights should instruct the
record owner to comply strictly with the statutory requirements with respect to
the exercise of appraisal rights before the date of any meeting of stockholders
of the Company called to approve the Merger in the case of a long-form merger
and within twenty days following the mailing of the Notice of Merger in the case
of a short-form merger.

     
Stockholders who elect to exercise appraisal rights must mail or deliver
their written demands to: Secretary, USA Detergents, Inc., 1735 Jersey Avenue,
North Brunswick, New Jersey 08902.
The written demand for appraisal should
specify the stockholder's name and mailing address, the number of Shares covered
by the demand and that the stockholder is thereby demanding appraisal of such
shares.
In the case of a long-form merger, the Company must, within ten days
after the Effective Time, provide notice of the Effective Time to all
stockholders who have complied with Section 262 of the DGCL and have not voted
for approval and adoption of the Merger Agreement.

     
In the case of a long-form merger, stockholders electing to exercise their
appraisal rights under Section 262 of the DGCL must not vote for the approval
and adoption of the Merger Agreement or consent thereto in writing.
Voting in
favor of the approval and adoption of the Merger Agreement, or delivering a
proxy in connection with the stockholders meeting called to approve the Merger
Agreement (unless the proxy votes against, or expressly abstains from the vote
on, the approval and adoption of the Merger Agreement), will constitute a waiver
of the stockholder's right of appraisal and will nullify any written demand for
appraisal submitted by the stockholder.

     
Regardless of whether the Merger is effected as a long-form merger or a
short-form merger, within 120 days after the Effective Time, either the Company
or any stockholder who has complied with the required conditions of Section 262
of the DGCL and who is otherwise entitled to appraisal rights may file a
petition in the Delaware Court of Chancery demanding a determination of the fair
value of the Shares of the dissenting stockholders.
If a petition for an
appraisal is timely filed, after a hearing on such petition, the Delaware Court
of Chancery will determine which stockholders are entitled to appraisal rights
and thereafter will appraise the Shares owned by such stockholders, determining
the fair value of such Shares exclusive of any element of value arising from the
accomplishment or expectation of the Merger, together with a fair rate of
interest to be paid, if any, upon the amount determined to be the fair value.
In
determining fair value, the Delaware Court of Chancery is to take into account
all relevant factors.
In Weinberger v. UOP, Inc., et al., the Delaware Supreme
Court discussed the factors that could be considered in determining fair value
in an appraisal proceeding, stating that "proof of value by any techniques or
methods which are generally considered acceptable in the financial community and
otherwise admissible in court" should be considered and that "[f]air price
obviously requires consideration of all relevant factors involving the value of
a company."
The Delaware Supreme Court stated that in making this determination
of fair value the court must consider "market value, asset value, dividends,
earnings prospects, the nature of the enterprise and any other facts which were
known or which could be ascertained as of the date of merger which throw any
light on future prospects of the merged corporation . . . ."
The Delaware
Supreme Court has construed Section 262 of the DGCL to mean that "elements of
future value, including the nature of the enterprise, which are known or
susceptible of proof as of the date of the merger and not the product of
speculation, may be considered."
However, the court noted that Section 262
provides that fair value is to be determined "exclusive of any element of value
arising from the accomplishment or expectation of the merger.
"

     Stockholders who in the future consider seeking appraisal should have in
mind that the fair value of their Shares determined under Section 262 of the
DGCL could be more than, the same as, or less than the Merger Consideration if
they do seek appraisal of their Shares, and that opinions of investment banking
firms as to fairness from a financial point of view are not necessarily opinions
as to fair value under Section 262 of the DGCL.
Moreover, Parent intends to
cause the Surviving Corporation to argue in any appraisal proceeding that, for
purposes thereof, the "fair value" of the Shares is less than that paid in the
Offer.
The cost of the appraisal proceeding may be determined by the Delaware
Court of Chancery and taxed upon the parties as the Delaware Court of Chancery
deems equitable in the circumstances.
Upon application of a dissenting
stockholder, the Delaware Court of Chancery may order that all or a portion of
the expenses incurred by any dissenting stockholder in connection with the
appraisal proceeding, including, without limitation, reasonable

attorneys' fees and the fees and expenses of experts, be charged pro rata
against the value of all Shares entitled to appraisal.
In the absence of such a
determination or assessment, each party bears its own expenses.

     
Any stockholder who has duly demanded appraisal in compliance with Section
262 of the DGCL will not, after the Effective Time, be entitled to vote for any
purpose the Shares subject to such demand or to receive payment of dividends or
other distributions on such Shares, except for dividends or other distributions
payable to stockholders of record at a date prior to the Effective Time.

     
At any time within sixty days after the Effective Time, any former holder
of Shares shall have the right to withdraw his or her demand for appraisal and
to accept the Merger Consideration.
After this period, such holder may withdraw
his or her demand for appraisal only with the consent of the Company as the
Surviving Corporation.
If no petition for appraisal is filed with the Delaware
Court of Chancery within 120 days after the Effective Time, stockholders' rights
to appraisal shall cease and all stockholders shall be entitled to receive the
Merger Consideration.
Inasmuch as the Company has no obligation to file such a
petition, and Parent has no present intention to cause or permit the Surviving
Corporation to do so, any stockholder who desires such a petition to be filed is
advised to file it on a timely basis.
However, no petition timely filed in the
Delaware Court of Chancery demanding appraisal shall be dismissed as to any
stockholder without the approval of the Delaware Court of Chancery, and such
approval may be conditioned upon such terms as the Delaware Court of Chancery
deems just.

     
Failure to take any required step in connection with the exercise of
appraisal rights may result in the termination or waiver of such rights.

     
APPRAISAL RIGHTS CANNOT BE EXERCISED AT THIS TIME.
THE INFORMATION SET
FORTH ABOVE IS FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY WITH RESPECT TO ALTERNATIVES
AVAILABLE TO STOCKHOLDERS
IF THE MERGER IS COMPLETED.
STOCKHOLDERS WHO WILL BE
ENTITLED TO APPRAISAL RIGHTS IN CONNECTION WITH THE MERGER WILL RECEIVE
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION CONCERNING APPRAISAL RIGHTS AND THE PROCEDURES TO BE
FOLLOWED IN CONNECTION THEREWITH BEFORE SUCH STOCKHOLDERS HAVE TO TAKE ANY
ACTION RELATING THERETO.

     
STOCKHOLDERS WHO SELL SHARES IN THE OFFER WILL NOT BE ENTITLED TO EXERCISE
APPRAISAL RIGHTS WITH RESPECT THERETO
BUT, RATHER, WILL RECEIVE THE PRICE PAID
IN THE OFFER.

     
The foregoing summary of the rights of objecting stockholders under the
DGCL does not purport to be a complete statement of the procedures to be
followed by stockholders of the Company desiring to exercise any available
dissenters' rights.
The foregoing summary is qualified in its entirety by
reference to Section 262 of the DGCL.
The preservation and exercise of
dissenters' rights require strict adherence to the applicable provisions of the
DGCL.


16.
FEES AND EXPENSES

     Estimated fees and expenses incurred or to be incurred by Parent and
Purchaser, on the one hand, and the Company, on the other hand, in connection
with the Offer and Merger are as follows:

         
DESCRIPTION              AMOUNT      RESPONSIBLE PARTY                NOTES
         -----------            
----------   --------------------  
------------------------------

Advisory fees and expenses....  $1,775,000         Company         Includes the estimated fees of
                                                                     Sawaya & Company, LLC and
                                                                     PricewaterhouseCoopers
                                                                     Securities
Advisory fees and expenses....   1,500,000   Parent and Purchaser  Includes the estimated fees of
                                                                     JP Morgan, a division of
                                                                     Chase Securities Inc.
Legal fees and expenses.......     500,000         Company         Includes the estimated fees of
                                                                     counsel to the Company
Legal fees and expenses.......     425,000   Parent and Purchaser  Includes the estimated fees of
                                                                     counsel to Parent and
                                                                     Purchaser
Hart-Scott-Rodino filing
  fee.........................      45,000   Parent and Purchaser
Depositary fees and
  expenses....................      25,000   Parent and Purchaser  Includes the estimated fees of
                                                                     Mellon Investor Services LLC
Information Agent fees and
  expenses....................      15,000   Parent and Purchaser  Includes the estimated fees of
                                                                     D.F. King & Co., Inc.
Securities and Exchange
  Commission filing fee.......      18,360   Parent and Purchaser
Printing and mailing costs....      80,000   Parent and Purchaser
Fees and expenses associated
  with financing..............   1,400,000   Parent and Purchaser
Fees and expenses associated
  with summary
  advertisement...............      85,000   Parent and Purchaser
Miscellaneous expenses........      25,000   Parent and Purchaser
Miscellaneous expenses........      25,000         Company
          TOTAL...............  $5,918,360

     Except as set forth herein, Parent and Purchaser will not pay any fees or
commission to any broker, dealer, or other person for soliciting tenders of
Shares pursuant to the Offer.
Parent and Purchaser have retained D.F. King &
Co., Inc. to act as Information Agent, and Mellon Investor Services LLC to act
as Depositary in connection with the Offer.
The Information Agent may contact
holders of Shares by mail, telephone, facsimile or personal interview and may
request banks, brokers, dealers and other nominees to forward materials relating
to the offer to beneficial owners of Shares.
Parent and Purchaser will pay the
Information Agent and Depositary reasonable and customary compensation for their
services in connection with the Offer, plus reimbursement for out-of-pocket
expenses, and will indemnify them against certain liabilities and expenses in
connection therewith, including liabilities under the federal securities laws.

Parent and Purchaser will also pay all costs and expenses of printing and
mailing the Offer materials and any related legal fees and expenses incurred by
or on behalf of Parent, Purchaser and their affiliates.
Brokers, dealers,
commercial banks and trust companies will, upon request, be reimbursed by the
Purchaser for customary mailing and handling expenses incurred by them in
forwarding Offer materials to their customers.


17.
MISCELLANEOUS.

     
Neither Purchaser nor Parent is aware of any jurisdiction where the making
of the Offer is prohibited by any administrative or judicial action pursuant to
any valid state statute.
If either Purchaser or Parent becomes aware of any
valid state statute prohibiting the making of the Offer or the acceptance of the
Shares, Parent and Purchaser will make a good faith effort to comply with that
state statute.
If, after a good faith effort, Purchaser and Parent cannot comply
with the state statute, the Offer will not be made to, nor will tenders be
accepted from or on behalf of, the holders of Shares in that state.

     
NO PERSON HAS BEEN AUTHORIZED TO GIVE ANY INFORMATION OR TO MAKE ANY
REPRESENTATION ON BEHALF OF PARENT OR PURCHASER NOT CONTAINED HEREIN OR IN THE
OTHER OFFER DOCUMENTS AND, IF GIVEN OR MADE, SUCH INFORMATION OR REPRESENTATION
MUST NOT BE RELIED UPON AS HAVING BEEN AUTHORIZED.

     
Purchaser has filed with the SEC a Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO
pursuant to Rules 14d-3 and 13e-3 of the General Rules and Regulations under the
Exchange Act, together with exhibits furnishing certain additional information
with respect to the Offer, and may file amendments thereto.
In addition, the
Company has filed with the SEC a Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on
Schedule 14D-9, together with exhibits, pursuant to Rule 14d-9 under the
Exchange Act, setting forth the recommendations of the Company Board with
respect to the Offer and the reasons for such recommendations and furnishing
certain additional related information.
A copy of such documents, and any
amendments thereto, may be examined at, and copies may be obtained from, the SEC
(but not the regional offices of the SEC) in the manner set forth in the section
captioned -- Certain Information Concerning the Company.

                                          
US Acquisition Corp.

April 12, 2001

                                                                      SCHEDULE I

            DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF PARENT AND PURCHASER

1. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF PARENT.

     
The following table sets forth the name and present principal occupation or
employment, and material occupations, positions, offices or employments for the
past five years of each director and executive officer of Parent.
Unless
otherwise indicated below, each occupation set forth opposite each person refers
to employment with Parent.
Unless otherwise indicated, the business address of
each such person is c/o Parent at 469 North Harrison Street, Princeton, New
Jersey 08543-5297 and each such person is a citizen of the United States.

  
DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS     PRESENT PRINCIPAL AND FIVE-YEAR EMPLOYMENT HISTORY
  --------------------------------     
--------------------------------------------------

Robert A. Davies, III*...............  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Parent since October
                                       1995.
Mr. Davies currently serves as a member of the Board
                                       of Directors of Footstar, Inc. and The Newgrange School.

William R. Becklean*.................  Managing Director of SunTrust Equitable Securities, the
                                       investment banking subsidiary of SunTrust Bank, since 1999.
                                       
Mr. Becklean previously served as Managing Director of
                                       Tucker Anthony, Inc. a full-service regional brokerage and
                                       investment banking firm, from 1990 until 1999.
Prior to
                                       that, he served as a Vice President of Kidder, Peabody &
                                       Co., Inc.
Robert H. Beeby*.....................  
Retired in 1991 as President and Chief Executive Officer of
                                       Frito-Lay, Inc., the nation's largest manufacturer of snack
                                       food.
Prior to that, Mr. Beeby served as President and Chief
                                       Executive Officer of Pepsi-Cola International.
He currently
                                       serves as a member of the Board of Directors of A.C. Neilsen
                                       and Modem Media.

Rosina B. Dixon, M.D.*...............  Consultant to the pharmaceutical industry since 1986.
Ms.
                                       Dixon is a director of Cambrex Corporation and Enzon, Inc.
J. Richard Leaman, Jr.*..............  Retired in May 1995 as President and Chief Executive Officer
                                       of S.D. Warren Company, a producer of coated printing and
                                       publishing papers.
From 1991 through 1994, Mr. Leaman was
                                       Vice Chairman of Scott Paper Company.
Mr. Leaman is a member
                                       of the Board of Directors of Pep Boys, Ranpak Corporation
                                       and Elwyn, Inc. and is Vice Chairman of the Executive
                                       Committee and the Board of Trustees of Widener University.

Robert D. Leblanc*...................  President and Chief Executive Officer of Handy & Harman, a
                                       diversified industrial manufacturer, since 1996.
Mr. Leblanc
                                       is also Executive Vice President and a Director of Handy &
                                       Harman's parent company WHX Corporation.
Prior to joining
                                       Handy & Harman, he was Executive Vice President of Elf
                                       Atochem North America, a specialty chemicals company.

John F. Maypole*.....................  Managing Partner, Peach State Real Estate Holding Company, a
                                       family investment partnership, since 1984.
Mr. Maypole has
                                       also served as a financial consultant since 1984.
He is a
                                       director of Dan River Inc. and Massachusetts Mutual Life
                                       Insurance Company.

                                       
SI-1

  DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS     PRESENT PRINCIPAL AND FIVE-YEAR EMPLOYMENT HISTORY
  --------------------------------     
--------------------------------------------------

Robert A. McCabe*....................  Chairman of Pilot Capital Corporation, whose business is
                                       providing equity financing for private companies, since
                                       1987.
Mr. McCabe is a member of the Board of Directors of
                                       The Atlantic Bank and Thermo Electron Corporation.
He is
                                       also a Trustee of the Whitehead Institute for Biomedical
                                       Research, the American School of Classical Studies at
                                       Athens, the Thera Foundation, Athens College in Greece and
                                       the French Library in Boston.

Dwight C. Minton*....................  Chairman Emeritus of Parent.
Mr. Minton previously served as
                                       Chairman of the Board of Parent from 1981 until February
                                       2001.
Mr. Minton served 26 years as Chief Executive Officer
                                       of Parent until his retirement in October 1995.
He currently
                                       serves as Treasurer of the National Environmental Education
                                       and Training Foundation, Trustee of the National Parks
                                       Conservation Association and is a director of Crane Co.
Burton B. Staniar*...................  Chairman of Knoll, Inc., a global office furnishings
                                       company, since 1994.
Prior to joining Knoll, Mr. Staniar was
                                       Chairman of Westinghouse Broadcasting Co., a diversified
                                       media company.

John O. Whitney*.....................  Professor and Executive Director, the Deming Center for
                                       Quality Management at Columbia Business School since 1995.
                                       
He currently serves as a member of the Board of Directors of
                                       the Turner Corporation and Inoveon, Inc.
He also serves as
                                       Advisory Director of Newsbank.

Jon L. Finley*.......................  President and Chief Operating Officer since April 1, 2001.
                                       
Prior to joining Parent, Mr. Finley was with General Mills,
                                       serving as Senior Vice President, Global Convenience Foods
                                       from 1998 until 2001; President, Gold Medal Division from
                                       1996 until 1998; and Senior Vice President, New Business
                                       from 1995 until 1996.
Mr. Finley is also a member of the
                                       board of directors of Bush Brothers.

Raymond L. Bendure, Ph.D.............  Vice President, Research and Development since November
                                       1995.

Mark A. Bilawsky.....................  Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary since 1989.

Mark G. Conish.......................  
Vice President, Operations since July 1999.
Mr. Conish
                                       previously served as Vice President Manufacturing and
                                       Distribution since November 1994.

Steven P. Cugine.....................  Vice President, Human Resources since December 1999.
Mr.
                                       Cugine was formerly with the FMC Corporation, holding
                                       several human resources positions since 1988, including
                                       serving as Director of Human Resources for the Alkali,
                                       Peroxide and Oxidant Chemical Division in Philadelphia since
                                       1997.

Zvi Eiref............................  Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer since
                                       November 1995.

Henry Kornhauser.....................  Vice President, Advertising since 1997.
Prior to that, Mr.
                                       Kornhauser was Chairman of the Board of Partners & Shevack,
                                       an advertising agency in which he was a principal.
Prior to
                                       that, he was Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of his own
                                       company, Kornhauser & Calene which merged with Partners &
                                       Shevack in 1989.

                                       
SI-2

  DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS     PRESENT PRINCIPAL AND FIVE-YEAR EMPLOYMENT HISTORY
  --------------------------------     
--------------------------------------------------

Dennis M. Moore......................  Vice President, Arm & Hammer Division Sales since February
                                       2000.
Prior to that, Mr. Moore held the positions of Vice
                                       President, General Manager International Operations/Business
                                       Development from October 1997 until February 2000; Vice
                                       President, Corporate Business Development from July 1996
                                       until October 1997; and Vice President, Administration from
                                       May 1989 until July 1996.

John R. Burke........................  Vice President, Financial Analysis and Planning for the Arm
                                       & Hammer Division since June 1999.
Mr. Burke joined Parent
                                       in 1985 as a Senior Financial Analyst and has served the
                                       Company in various management positions since 1986, most
                                       recently as Director Financial Analysis.

Kenneth S. Colbert...................  Vice President, Logistics since October 1999.
For the
                                       previous 20 years, Mr. Colbert served in various management
                                       and director positions, the most recent being Director,
                                       Logistics Strategy.

Anthony J. Falotico..................  Vice President, Process Development, Packaging and Fabric
                                       Care Product Development since October 1998.
For the
                                       previous 18 years, Mr. Falotico served in various management
                                       and director positions, the most recent being Director,
                                       Laundry Product/Process Development.

Alfred H. Falter.....................  Vice President, Procurement since January 1998.
Mr. Falter
                                       previously served as Vice President, Corporate Purchasing
                                       from December 1995 until January 1998.

W. Patrick Fielder...................  Vice President Basic Chemicals, Specialty Products Division
                                       since January 1999.
Mr. Fielder previously served as Vice
                                       President Sales and Marketing since February 1997 after
                                       being appointed Vice President Marketing in October 1995.

Gary P. Halker.......................  Vice President, Controller and Chief Information Officer
                                       since August 1995.

Jaap Ketting.........................  Vice President, International Finance for the Specialty
                                       Products Division since January 2001.
Mr. Ketting previously
                                       served as Vice President, Brazil from June 1997 until
                                       January 2001 and Director of Financial Analysis for the
                                       Specialty Products Division from June 1990 until June 1997.

Larry B. Koslow......................  
Vice President Marketing Personal Care, Arm & Hammer
                                       Division since November 1995.

Ronald D. Munson.....................  
Vice President Animal Nutrition, Specialty Products Division
                                       since March 1999.
Mr. Munson previously served as Vice
                                       President International Operations, Specialty Products
                                       Division from July 1991 until March 1999.

-
---------------
* Member of Parent's Board of Directors.

                                       
SI-3

2.
DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF PURCHASER.

     
The following table sets forth the name and present principal occupation or
employment, and material occupations, positions, offices or employments for the
past five years of each director and executive officer of Purchaser.
Unless
otherwise indicated below, each occupation set forth opposite each person refers
to employment with Parent.
Unless otherwise indicated, the business address of
each such person is c/o Parent at 469 North Harrison Street, Princeton, New
Jersey 08543-5297 and each such person is a citizen of the United States.


DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS  PRESENT PRINCIPAL AND FIVE-YEAR EMPLOYMENT HISTORY
- --------------------------------  
--------------------------------------------------

Robert A. Davies, III*.........   Chief Executive Officer of Purchaser.
Mr. Davies has served
                                  as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Parent since
                                  October 1995.
Mr. Davies also serves as a member of the
                                  Board of Directors of Footstar, Inc. and The Newgrange
                                  School.

Dennis M. Moore*...............   President of Purchaser.
Mr. Moore has served as Vice
                                  President, Arm & Hammer Division Sales of Parent since
                                  February 2000.
Prior to that, he held the positions of Vice
                                  President, General Manager International Operations/
                                  Business Development of Parent from October 1997 until
                                  February 2000; Vice President, Corporate Business
                                  Development of Parent from July 1996 until October 1997; and
                                  Vice President, Administration of Parent from May 1989 until
                                  July 1996.

Zvi Eiref*.....................   Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Purchaser.
Mr.
                                  Eiref has served as Vice President, Finance and Chief
                                  Financial Officer of Parent since November 1995.

Mark A. Bilawsky...............   Secretary of Purchaser.
Mr. Bilawsky has served as Vice
                                  President, General Counsel and Secretary of Parent since
                                  1989.

-
---------------
* Member of Purchaser's Board of Directors.

                                       
SI-4

                                                                     SCHEDULE II

              SECTION 262 OF THE DELAWARE GENERAL CORPORATION LAW

262.
APPRAISAL RIGHTS.

     
(a) Any stockholder of a corporation of this State who holds shares of
stock on the date of the making of a demand pursuant to subsection (d) of this
section with respect to such shares, who continuously holds such shares through
the effective date of the merger or consolidation, who has otherwise complied
with subsection (d) of this section and who has neither voted in favor of the
merger or consolidation nor consented thereto in writing pursuant to Section 228
of this title shall be entitled to an appraisal by the Court of Chancery of the
fair value of the stockholder's shares of stock under the circumstances
described in subsections (b) and (c) of this section.
As used in this section,
the word "stockholder" means a holder of record of stock in a stock corporation
and also a member of record of a nonstock corporation; the words "stock" and
"share" mean and include what is ordinarily meant by those words and also
membership or membership interest of a member of a nonstock corporation; and the
words "depository receipt" mean a receipt or other instrument issued by a
depository representing an interest in one or more shares, or fractions thereof,
solely of stock of a corporation, which stock is deposited with the depository.

     (b) Appraisal rights shall be available for the shares of any class or
series of stock of a constituent corporation in a merger or consolidation to be
effected pursuant to Section 251 (other than a merger effected pursuant to
Section 251(g) of this title), Section 252, Section 254, Section 257, Section
258, Section 263 or Section 264 of this title:

          (1) Provided, however, that no appraisal rights under this section
     shall be available for the shares of any class or series of stock, which
     stock, or depository receipts in respect thereof, at the record date fixed
     to determine the stockholders entitled to receive notice of and to vote at
     the meeting of stockholders to act upon the agreement of merger or
     consolidation, were either (i) listed on a national securities exchange or
     designated as a national market system security on an interdealer quotation
     system by the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. or (ii) held
     of record by more than 2,000 holders; and further provided that no
     appraisal rights shall be available for any shares of stock of the
     constituent corporation surviving a merger if the merger did not require
     for its approval the vote of the stockholders of the surviving corporation
     as provided in subsection (f) of Section 251 of this title.

          
(2) Notwithstanding paragraph (1) of this subsection, appraisal rights
     under this section shall be available for the shares of any class or series
     of stock of a constituent corporation if the holders thereof are required
     by the terms of an agreement of merger or consolidation pursuant to
     Sections 251, 252, 254, 257, 258, 263 and 264 of this title to accept for
     such stock anything except:

             a. Shares of stock of the corporation surviving or resulting from
        such merger or consolidation, or depository receipts in respect thereof;

             b.
Shares of stock of any other corporation, or depository receipts
        in respect thereof, which shares of stock (or depository receipts in
        respect thereof) or depository receipts at the effective date of the
        merger or consolidation will be either listed on a national securities
        exchange or designated as a national market system security on an
        interdealer quotation system by the National Association of Securities
        Dealers, Inc. or held of record by more than 2,000 holders;

             c. Cash in lieu of fractional shares or fractional depository
        receipts described in the foregoing subparagraphs a. and b. of this
        paragraph; or

             d.
Any combination of the shares of stock, depository receipts and
        cash in lieu of fractional shares or fractional depository receipts
        described in the foregoing subparagraphs a., b. and c. of this
        paragraph.

          (3) In the event all of the stock of a subsidiary Delaware corporation
     party to a merger effected under Section 253 of this title is not owned by
     the parent corporation immediately prior to the merger, appraisal rights
     shall be available for the shares of the subsidiary Delaware corporation.
                                      
SII-1

     (c) Any corporation may provide in its certificate of incorporation that
appraisal rights under this section shall be available for the shares of any
class or series of its stock as a result of an amendment to its certificate of
incorporation, any merger or consolidation in which the corporation is a
constituent corporation or the sale of all or substantially all of the assets of
the corporation.
If the certificate of incorporation contains such a provision,
the procedures of this section, including those set forth in subsections (d) and
(e) of this section, shall apply as nearly as is practicable.

     (d) Appraisal rights shall be perfected as follows:

          (1) If a proposed merger or consolidation for which appraisal rights
     are provided under this section is to be submitted for approval at a
     meeting of stockholders, the corporation, not less than 20 days prior to
     the meeting, shall notify each of its stockholders who was such on the
     record date for such meeting with respect to shares for which appraisal
     rights are available pursuant to subsection (b) or (c) hereof that
     appraisal rights are available for any or all of the shares of the
     constituent corporations, and shall include in such notice a copy of this
     section.
Each stockholder electing to demand the appraisal of such
     stockholder's shares shall deliver to the corporation, before the taking of
     the vote on the merger or consolidation, a written demand for appraisal of
     such stockholder's shares.
Such demand will be sufficient if it reasonably
     informs the corporation of the identity of the stockholder and that the
     stockholder intends thereby to demand the appraisal of such stockholder's
     shares.
A proxy or vote against the merger or consolidation shall not
     constitute such a demand.
A stockholder electing to take such action must
     do so by a separate written demand as herein provided.
Within 10 days after
     the effective date of such merger or consolidation, the surviving or
     resulting corporation shall notify each stockholder of each constituent
     corporation who has complied with this subsection and has not voted in
     favor of or consented to the merger or consolidation of the date that the
     merger or consolidation has become effective; or

          (2) If the merger or consolidation was approved pursuant to Section
     228 or Section 253 of this title, each constituent corporation, either
     before the effective date of the merger or consolidation or within ten days
     thereafter, shall notify each of the holders of any class or series of
     stock of such constituent corporation who are entitled to appraisal rights
     of the approval of the merger or consolidation and that appraisal rights
     are available for any or all shares of such class or series of stock of
     such constituent corporation, and shall include in such notice a copy of
     this section; provided that, if the notice is given on or after the
     effective date of the merger or consolidation, such notice shall be given
     by the surviving or resulting corporation to all such holders of any class
     or series of stock of a constituent corporation that are entitled to
     appraisal rights.
Such notice may, and, if given on or after the effective
     date of the merger or consolidation, shall, also notify such stockholders
     of the effective date of the merger or consolidation.
Any stockholder
     entitled to appraisal rights may, within 20 days after the date of mailing
     of such notice, demand in writing from the surviving or resulting
     corporation the appraisal of such holder's shares.
Such demand will be
     sufficient if it reasonably informs the corporation of the identity of the
     stockholder and that the stockholder intends thereby to demand the
     appraisal of such holder's shares.
If such notice did not notify
     stockholders of the effective date of the merger or consolidation, either
     (i) each such constituent corporation shall send a second notice before the
     effective date of the merger or consolidation notifying each of the holders
     of any class or series of stock of such constituent corporation that are
     entitled to appraisal rights of the effective date of the merger or
     consolidation or (ii) the surviving or resulting corporation shall send
     such a second notice to all such holders on or within 10 days after such
     effective date; provided, however, that if such second notice is sent more
     than 20 days following the sending of the first notice, such second notice
     need only be sent to each stockholder who is entitled to appraisal rights
     and who has demanded appraisal of such holder's shares in accordance with
     this subsection.
An affidavit of the secretary or assistant secretary or of
     the transfer agent of the corporation that is required to give either
     notice that such notice has been given shall, in the absence of fraud, be
     prima facie evidence of the facts stated therein.
For purposes of
     determining the stockholders entitled to receive either notice, each
     constituent corporation may fix, in advance, a record date that shall be
     not more than 10 days prior to the date the notice is given, provided, that
     if the notice is given on or after the effective date of the merger or
     consolidation, the record date shall be such effective date.
If no record
     date

                                      SII-2

     is fixed and the notice is given prior to the effective date, the record
     date shall be the close of business on the day next preceding the day on
     which the notice is given.

     
(e) Within 120 days after the effective date of the merger or
consolidation, the surviving or resulting corporation or any stockholder who has
complied with subsections (a) and (d) hereof and who is otherwise entitled to
appraisal rights, may file a petition in the Court of Chancery demanding a
determination of the value of the stock of all such stockholders.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, at any time within 60 days after the effective
date of the merger or consolidation, any stockholder shall have the right to
withdraw such stockholder's demand for appraisal and to accept the terms offered
upon the merger or consolidation.
Within 120 days after the effective date of
the merger or consolidation, any stockholder who has complied with the
requirements of subsections (a) and (d) hereof, upon written request, shall be
entitled to receive from the corporation surviving the merger or resulting from
the consolidation a statement setting forth the aggregate number of shares not
voted in favor of the merger or consolidation and with respect to which demands
for appraisal have been received and the aggregate number of holders of such
shares.
Such written statement shall be mailed to the stockholder within 10 days
after such stockholder's written request for such a statement is received by the
surviving or resulting corporation or within 10 days after expiration of the
period for delivery of demands for appraisal under subsection (d) hereof,
whichever is later.

     
(f) Upon the filing of any such petition by a stockholder, service of a
copy thereof shall be made upon the surviving or resulting corporation, which
shall within 20 days after such service file in the office of the Register in
Chancery in which the petition was filed a duly verified list containing the
names and addresses of all stockholders who have demanded payment for their
shares and with whom agreements as to the value of their shares have not been
reached by the surviving or resulting corporation.
If the petition shall be
filed by the surviving or resulting corporation, the petition shall be
accompanied by such a duly verified list.
The Register in Chancery, if so
ordered by the Court, shall give notice of the time and place fixed for the
hearing of such petition by registered or certified mail to the surviving or
resulting corporation and to the stockholders shown on the list at the addresses
therein stated.
Such notice shall also be given by 1 or more publications at
least 1 week before the day of the hearing, in a newspaper of general
circulation published in the City of Wilmington, Delaware or such publication as
the Court deems advisable.
The forms of the notices by mail and by publication
shall be approved by the Court, and the costs thereof shall be borne by the
surviving or resulting corporation.

     
(g) At the hearing on such petition, the Court shall determine the
stockholders who have complied with this section and who have become entitled to
appraisal rights.
The Court may require the stockholders who have demanded an
appraisal for their shares and who hold stock represented by certificates to
submit their certificates of stock to the Register in Chancery for notation
thereon of the pendency of the appraisal proceedings; and if any stockholder
fails to comply with such direction, the Court may dismiss the proceedings as to
such stockholder.

     
(h)
After determining the stockholders entitled to an appraisal, the Court
shall appraise the shares, determining their fair value exclusive of any element
of value arising from the accomplishment or expectation of the merger or
consolidation, together with a fair rate of interest, if any, to be paid upon
the amount determined to be the fair value.
In determining such fair value, the
Court shall take into account all relevant factors.
In determining the fair rate
of interest, the Court may consider all relevant factors, including the rate of
interest which the surviving or resulting corporation would have had to pay to
borrow money during the pendency of the proceeding.
Upon application by the
surviving or resulting corporation or by any stockholder entitled to participate
in the appraisal proceeding, the Court may, in its discretion, permit discovery
or other pretrial proceedings and may proceed to trial upon the appraisal prior
to the final determination of the stockholder entitled to an appraisal.
Any
stockholder whose name appears on the list filed by the surviving or resulting
corporation pursuant to subsection (f) of this section and who has submitted
such stockholder's certificates of stock to the Register in Chancery, if such is
required, may participate fully in all proceedings until it is finally
determined that such stockholder is not entitled to appraisal rights under this
section.

     
(i)
The Court shall direct the payment of the fair value of the shares,
together with interest, if any, by the surviving or resulting corporation to the
stockholders entitled thereto.
Interest may be simple or

                                      SII-3

compound, as the Court may direct.
Payment shall be so made to each such
stockholder, in the case of holders of uncertificated stock forthwith, and the
case of holders of shares represented by certificates upon the surrender to the
corporation of the certificates representing such stock.
The Court's decree may
be enforced as other decrees in the Court of Chancery may be enforced, whether
such surviving or resulting corporation be a corporation of this State or of any
state.

     
(j) The costs of the proceeding may be determined by the Court and taxed
upon the parties as the Court deems equitable in the circumstances.
Upon
application of a stockholder, the Court may order all or a portion of the
expenses incurred by any stockholder in connection with the appraisal
proceeding, including, without limitation, reasonable attorney's fees and the
fees and expenses of experts, to be charged pro rata against the value of all
the shares entitled to an appraisal.

     
(k) From and after the effective date of the merger or consolidation, no
stockholder who has demanded appraisal rights as provided in subsection (d) of
this section shall be entitled to vote such stock for any purpose or to receive
payment of dividends or other distributions on the stock (except dividends or
other distributions payable to stockholders of record at a date which is prior
to the effective date of the merger or consolidation); provided, however, that
if no petition for an appraisal shall be filed within the time provided in
subsection (e) of this section, or if such stockholder shall deliver to the
surviving or resulting corporation a written withdrawal of such stockholder's
demand for an appraisal and an acceptance of the merger or consolidation, either
within 60 days after the effective date of the merger or consolidation as
provided in subsection (e) of this section or thereafter with the written
approval of the corporation, then the right of such stockholder to an appraisal
shall cease.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, no appraisal proceeding in the Court
of Chancery shall be dismissed as to any stockholder without the approval of the
Court, and such approval may be conditioned upon such terms as the Court deems
just.

     
(l)
The shares of the surviving or resulting corporation to which the
shares of such objecting stockholders would have been converted had they
assented to the merger or consolidation shall have the status of authorized and
unissued shares of the surviving or resulting corporation.


(Last amended by Ch. 339, L. '98, eff. 7-1-98.)

                                      
SII-4

                                                                      APPENDIX A

March 30, 2001

Board of Directors
USA Detergents, Inc.
1735 Jersey Avenue
North Brunswick, New Jersey 08902

Dear Sirs:

     
We understand that USA Detergents, Inc. (the "Company"), US Acquisition
Corp. (the "Acquiror") and Church & Dwight Co., Inc. (the "Parent") have
proposed entering into an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of March 30,
2001 (the "Agreement"), pursuant to which Acquiror will commence a tender offer
(the "Tender Offer") for 100% of the common stock outstanding, par value $0.01
per share (the "Common Stock"), of the Company (other than shares held by the
Parent) for $7.00 per share of Common Stock (the "Consideration") and, upon
consummation thereof, merge Acquiror with and into the Company and the separate
corporate existence of Acquiror shall thereupon cease (the "Transaction").
You
have provided us with a draft copy of the Agreement in substantially final form.

     
You have asked us to render our opinion, as investment bankers, as to
whether the Consideration for the shares of Common Stock is fair, from a
financial point of view, to the stockholders of the Company, other than the
Parent.

     
In connection with our opinion, we have:

          (a) reviewed the Agreement;

          (b) reviewed certain financial and other information relating to the
     Company that was publicly available or furnished to us by the Company that
     we believe appropriate for purposes of rendering this opinion, including,
     but not limited to: (i) the Company's Annual Reports on Forms 10-K for the
     three years ended December 30, 1997 through December 30, 1999 and the
     Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the nine-month period ended
     September 30, 2000; (ii) the Company's audited consolidated financial
     statements for the year ended December 30, 2000; (iii) financial
     projections for and as developed by the Company; and (iv) publicly
     available market information regarding the Company and the historical
     trading price and volume of its Common Stock;

          (c) met with members of the Company's management to discuss the
     business, operations, historical financial results and future prospects of
     the Company;

          (d) considered certain financial and securities data of the Company
     and compared that data with similar data for other publicly-held companies
     in businesses similar to those of the Company;

          (e) performed a discounted cash flow analysis, a comparable company
     analysis, a comparable transaction analysis and certain other analyses
     which we deemed useful in connection therewith; and

          (f) considered and/or performed such other information, financial
     studies, analyses and investigations and financial, economic and market
     criteria as we deemed relevant and appropriate for purposes of this
     opinion.

     