URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1084827/000101287001000336/0001012870-01-000336.txt

Background of the merger

   Since early 2000, NetIQ has pursued a strategy of further developing its
product lines through acquisitions of or investments in complementary products,
technologies and businesses.
In May 2000, NetIQ completed its strategic
combination with Mission Critical Software, Inc. and Ganymede Software, Inc.

   On November 14, 2000, representatives of Wit SoundView introduced Ching-Fa
Hwang, President and Chief Executive Officer of NetIQ, James Barth, Chief
Financial Officer of NetIQ, and Richard Pleczko, Vice President, Marketing, of
NetIQ, to Elijahu Shapira, co-founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of
WebTrends and W. Glen Boyd, co-founder, President and Chief Technical Officer
of WebTrends, who were attending a conference in Boca Raton, Florida.
At the
meeting, the parties discussed the possibility of a meeting of their management
teams to explore potential joint business development opportunities.

   
On November 27, 2000, Mr. Hwang and Tom Kemp, NetIQ's Senior Vice President,
Products, met with Messrs. Shapira and Boyd in Portland, Oregon.
During the
meeting, the parties discussed the respective businesses, products, markets,
sales channels and financial results of the two companies.
At the conclusion of
the meeting, the parties determined that more extensive discussions between the
management teams of the two companies should be organized.

   
On December 5, 2000, WebTrends began working with Dain Rauscher Wessels with
respect to the potential transaction.
That engagement was formalized on January
8, 2001.

   
NetIQ had already retained Credit Suisse First Boston to act as its advisor
in connection with the consideration of potential acquisitions.
On December 15,
2000, NetIQ management also engaged Wit SoundView to act as a financial adviser
in connection with a possible transaction with WebTrends.

   
On the afternoon of December 11, 2000, Messrs. Hwang and Barth went to
Portland for further discussions and dinner with Messrs. Shapira, Boyd and Jim
Richardson, WebTrends' Chief Financial Officer.
The discussions focussed on
each party's management styles, potential roles for WebTrends' senior
management in NetIQ after the proposed merger, the cultures of the two
companies and management's outlook on the future of their respective
businesses.

   
On December 13, 2000, Mr. Hwang and members of NetIQ senior management met
with Mr. Shapira and members of WebTrends senior management in San Jose,
California to discuss the proposed acquisition of WebTrends by NetIQ.
At the
meeting, the companies entered into a mutual non-disclosure agreement.
Mr.
Hwang, Mr. Shapira and members of their teams each provided overviews of their
respective company's products and product strategy, and discussed the business
opportunities and challenges faced by their respective companies, the
complementary nature of their respective businesses and their personal
philosophies and management styles.
They also discussed conceptually the idea
of a combination of the two companies.
In these discussions Mr. Hwang stressed
to Mr. Shapira the importance to NetIQ of Mr. Shapira and Mr. Boyd joining the
NetIQ management team in the event of a merger (including Mr. Shapira joining
the NetIQ board of directors) and agreeing to restrictions on their
dispositions of NetIQ common stock after the merger.

   
On December 14, 2000, the NetIQ board of directors met with representatives
of Credit Suisse First Boston and Davis Polk & Wardwell to discuss a potential
acquisition of WebTrends.
The NetIQ board authorized management to continue its
discussions with WebTrends' management and, should these discussions progress,
to begin financial and legal due diligence.

   
On December 20, 2000, Messrs. Hwang and Barth of NetIQ met in Portland,
Oregon with Messrs. Shapira, Boyd and Richardson.
The discussion focused on
limitations that would be placed on dispositions of NetIQ common stock by
Messrs. Shapira and Boyd after the merger and financial results of NetIQ and
WebTrends.
The parties also discussed possible timing and next steps for
discussions between the two companies.

   
Over the holiday period the companies continued to exchange information and
to prepare for potential merger negotiations.

   
On January 3, 2001, Davis Polk & Wardwell provided a draft merger agreement
to Perkins Coie for purposes of facilitating discussion of the possible
structure and terms of an acquisition of WebTrends by NetIQ.

   
From January 4 to January 15, 2001, discussions continued between executives
and legal and financial advisors of the two companies and legal advisors for
Mr. Shapira and Mr. Boyd, and each company's CEO kept his board of directors
apprised through informal communications.
These discussions included
consideration of the risks and issues surrounding an acquisition, the terms of
the acquisition, the roles of WebTrends' management and employees after the
acquisition, the restrictions that would apply to Mr. Shapira and Mr. Boyd in
transferring the shares received in the merger, the compatibility of the two
companies' technology, products and culture and each company's financial
condition and operating results.
Davis Polk & Wardwell and Perkins Coie
exchanged numerous drafts of the merger agreement and related agreements,
negotiated the terms of these agreements and conducted legal due diligence
reviews.

   
On January 4 and 5, 2001, Mr. Barth led a team of NetIQ management, along
with representatives of Credit Suisse First Boston, Wit SoundView and Davis
Polk & Wardwell, in meetings with Mr. Richardson, WebTrends management and
representatives of Dain Rauscher Wessels in Portland, Oregon at the offices of
Perkins Coie and at WebTrends' headquarters.
WebTrends management made a series
of presentations on the products, technology, sales and distribution strategy
and financial results of WebTrends and responded to questions from NetIQ
management and its financial advisers.
NetIQ's in-house counsel and Davis Polk
& Wardwell conducted legal due diligence.

   
In discussions in early January, the parties tentatively agreed that based
on then current market prices an exchange ratio of approximately 0.48 NetIQ
shares for each WebTrends share would be acceptable to both sides.
The parties
agreed to continue with due diligence investigations and with negotiation of
other terms of the merger agreement and to revisit the exchange ratio when
these matters had progressed further.

   
On the morning of January 8, 2001, Mr. Hwang led a team including NetIQ's
senior management and one NetIQ director in meetings with Messrs. Shapira, Boyd
and WebTrends' senior management in Portland, Oregon.
The parties continued to
discuss business due diligence issues and integration issues, including
possible roles for WebTrends' senior management in NetIQ after the proposed
acquisition.

   
On January 8, 2001, the WebTrends board of directors held a special meeting
in Portland, Oregon and discussed a possible business combination with NetIQ.

The management team provided background on the parties' discussions and
outlined the benefits of a proposed merger.
Representatives of Dain Rauscher
Wessels presented information on NetIQ and its market opportunity and business.

They also reviewed NetIQ financial information.
The board expressed its view
that discussions and diligence should continue.

   
On January 9, 2001, Mr. Hwang and NetIQ management discussed with the NetIQ
board of directors at a meeting in Houston, Texas the proposed acquisition of
WebTrends by NetIQ.
The management team reviewed for the board the business of
WebTrends, the strategic rationale for the merger, the roles of WebTrends'
management and employees after the acquisition and the approximate exchange
ratio for the merger.
Representatives of Credit Suisse First Boston gave an
overview of financial considerations relating to the acquisition, and a
representative of Davis Polk & Wardwell reviewed with the board its legal
responsibilities and the terms and conditions of the proposed merger agreement
and related agreements.
The board authorized NetIQ management to conduct
further discussions and due diligence to determine the merits and possible
terms of a merger agreement.

   
On January 10 and 11, 2001, Mr. Richardson led a team of WebTrends
management, along with representatives of Dain Rauscher Wessels, in meetings
with Mr. Hwang, NetIQ management and representatives of Credit Suisse First
Boston and Wit SoundView at the Menlo Park, California offices of Davis Polk &
Wardwell and NetIQ's San Jose, California headquarters.
NetIQ management made a
series of presentations on the products, technology, sales and distribution
strategy and financial results of NetIQ and responded to questions from
WebTrends management and its financial advisers.
WebTrends' in-house counsel
and Perkins Coie conducted legal due diligence.

   
On January 12, 2001, the WebTrends board of directors held a special meeting
to discuss the merger in detail.
Perkins Coie reviewed the key terms of the
proposed transaction, the draft merger agreement and related documents and the
status of negotiations.
Perkins Coie further advised the board of its fiduciary
duties and presented a legal diligence report on NetIQ.
Members of WebTrends
management outlined the strategic reasons for a merger, integration plans, the
proposed management team of the combined entity and the results of business
diligence.
Representatives of Dain Rauscher Wessels offered a preliminary
financial analysis with respect to the proposed exchange ratio in the merger.

The board discussed the reports of Perkins Coie, Dain Rauscher Wessels and
management.
Board members considered at length the proposed combination in
light of the presentations made and other factors.
The board expressed its
approval of the continued negotiations and proposed transaction, subject to the
satisfactory completion of due diligence and the finalization of the merger
agreement.

   
On January 13 and 14, 2001 the companies finalized the principal terms of
the merger, completed their due diligence and continued preparation of
definitive agreements.
They also agreed that the 0.48 exchange ratio previously
discussed continued to be acceptable to both sides.

   
On January 15, 2001, the NetIQ board of directors met with senior management
and NetIQ's financial and legal advisors to discuss the status of the proposed
merger.
The management team reviewed for the board the business of WebTrends,
the strategic rationale for the merger, preliminary plans for integration of
the operations and products of the two companies, WebTrends' financial
condition and results of operations and the approximate exchange ratio for the
merger.
Davis Polk & Wardwell reviewed with the NetIQ board its legal
responsibilities in considering the merger, the status of the negotiations, the
results of legal due diligence, the principal terms of the transaction and
drafts of the merger agreement and related agreements.
Representatives of
Credit Suisse First Boston presented its analysis of the proposed merger and
delivered its oral opinion (confirmed the next day in writing) that the
exchange ratio, as of that date, was fair to NetIQ from a financial point of
view.
After extensive discussion, at the conclusion of the meeting the NetIQ
board directors approved the acquisition, the merger agreement and the related
agreements.

   
On January 16, 2001, the WebTrends board of directors held a special meeting
to consider approval of the merger.
The board of directors reviewed the terms
of the definitive agreement with Perkins Coie and the resolution of previously
outstanding matters.
In addition, Perkins Coie updated its legal diligence
report.
Representatives of Dain Rauscher Wessels rendered an oral opinion,
which opinion was subsequently confirmed in writing, to the effect that, as of
that date, the exchange ratio was fair, from a financial point of view, to the
holders of WebTrends common stock.
After full discussion, the WebTrends board
unanimously approved the merger and merger agreement and Mr. Shapira, Mr. Boyd
and Michael Burmeister-Brown entered into voting agreements related to the
merger.

   
On January 16, 2001, after the approval of the merger by the WebTrends board
and the close of the stock market, the merger agreement and related agreements
were executed.
The two companies issued a joint press release announcing the
acquisition prior to the opening of the stock market on January 17, 2001.

Reasons for the merger

   In their decisions to recommend and approve the merger, the boards of
directors of both NetIQ and WebTrends believe that the following reasons are
among the most important:

  .
the merger will allow the combined company to provide a more
    comprehensive suite of products and services to customers than either
    company could provide alone, encompassing systems administration,
    operations management, network performance management, security
    management, web management and eBusiness analytics and intelligence;

  .
the products of the two companies, while complementary, are not
    overlapping, which should avoid customer confusion and provide
    opportunities for cross-selling;

  .
the combined company will have significantly greater scale, with
    approximately 1,000 employees and pro forma combined revenues for the
    twelve months ended June 30, 2000, of approximately $133.0 million,
    giving it greater resources to enhance market presence, pursue research
    and development opportunities and provide coverage to customers;

  .
in addition to complementary products, each company has certain
    particular strengths that the combined company should benefit from,
    including in the case of NetIQ its direct sales organization and in the
    case of WebTrends its telemarketing and eBusiness fulfillment
    capabilities;

  .
the combination of the operations of the two companies should also result
    in efficiencies arising from shared business functions, information and
    other systems, and proprietary technologies;

  .
the combined company should be more attractive not only to customers but
    also to important partners such as Microsoft;

  .
for NetIQ, the merger enhances and accelerates its ability to serve
    customers with heterogeneous operating environments that go beyond
    NetIQ's traditional focus on the Windows platform;

  .
for WebTrends, integration with NetIQ enhances its ability to sell higher
    value products as part of its evolution beyond web analytics to business
    intelligence; and

  .
NetIQ and WebTrends share a number of important long-term corporate
    values, including a commitment to market leadership through innovative
    products and a desire to continuously deliver more value to customers.
    
Both companies also benefit from talented and dedicated employees with a
    long-standing commitment to excellence.
The boards believe that these
    shared values will facilitate a relatively smooth integration of the two
    companies.

   
Factors Considered.
Each board of directors consulted with its respective
management and outside legal and financial advisors as part of the process of
approving the merger.
The boards considered the following factors among others:

  .
historical information concerning the business, financial performance and
    condition, market opportunity and position, technology and management of
    the two companies;

  .
the respective managements' views of the benefits of the merger and of
    the impact of the merger on the combined business and operations of the
    two companies;

  .
estimates of future financial results of the two companies illustrating
    the potential financial results of the combined company;

  .
current and historical information concerning the trading prices and
    volatility of the two companies' shares;

  .
the consideration to be delivered by NetIQ and received by WebTrends
    shareholders compared to that in other transactions deemed comparable;

  .
for WebTrends, the opinion of Dain Rauscher Wessels to the effect that,
    as of the date of the opinion, the exchange ratio in the merger is fair
    from a financial point of view to the holders of WebTrends common stock;

  .
for NetIQ, the opinion of Credit Suisse First Boston to the effect that,
    as of the date of the opinion, the exchange ratio in the merger is fair
    from a financial point of view to NetIQ;

  .
the belief that the terms of the merger agreement and the related voting
    agreements are reasonable;

  .
the impact of the merger upon customers and employees of the respective
    companies; and

  .
reports from the respective companies' managements, financial and legal
    advisors as to the results of their due diligence investigation of the
    other company.

   
Potential risks or other negative factors identified by the boards of
directors include the following:

  .
the risk that the potential benefits of the merger may not be realized;

  .
the challenges of integrating the management teams, strategies, cultures
    and organizations of the two companies, especially in light of NetIQ
    having completed two other sizable acquisition transactions within the
    past twelve months;

  .
the challenges of adding another substantial geographic center in
    Portland to NetIQ's established centers in San Jose and Houston;

  .
the risk of disruption of sales momentum as a result of uncertainties
    created by the announcement of the merger;

  .
the risk of loss of key talent;

  .
the risk that the merger might not be consummated despite the parties'
    efforts, even if approved by stockholders;

  .
the significant goodwill and other intangibles that would be added to the
    balance sheet of the combined company as a result of the impact of
    purchase accounting, and the current uncertainty as to whether and under
    what circumstances such goodwill might have to be amortized or otherwise
    deemed impaired and charged to income; and

  .
other applicable risks described in this joint prospectus/proxy statement
    in the section entitled "Risk Factors.
"

   Each board concluded that on balance the potential benefits of the merger
outweighed the potential risks.
This discussion of the information and factors
considered by the boards is not meant to be exhaustive.
Given the complexity of
the issue and the number of factors considered, neither board attempted to
quantify or otherwise assign relative weight to specific factors.


Recommendation of WebTrends' board of directors

   After careful consideration, WebTrends' board of directors unanimously
determined that the merger is in the best interests of the WebTrends
shareholders, unanimously approved the merger agreement and recommends that
WebTrends shareholders vote for approval and adoption of the merger agreement
and the merger.


Opinion of WebTrends' financial advisor

   Pursuant to an engagement letter dated January 8, 2001, Dain Rauscher
Wessels was retained by WebTrends to act as financial advisor and, if
requested, to furnish an opinion as to the fairness, from a financial point of
view, of the exchange ratio provided for in the merger.

   
On January 16, 2001, Dain Rauscher Wessels rendered its opinion to
WebTrends' board of directors that, as of such date and based on the procedures
followed, factors considered and assumptions made by Dain Rauscher Wessels and
certain other limitations, the exchange ratio was fair, from a financial point
of view, to the holders of common stock of WebTrends.
A copy of Dain Rauscher
Wessels' written opinion is attached as Annex D to this document.
The holders
of common stock of WebTrends are urged to read the Dain Rauscher Wessels
opinion carefully in its entirety.
This summary of the opinion is qualified in
its entirety by reference to the full text of Dain Rauscher Wessels' opinion.

   
Dain Rauscher Wessels' opinion was provided for the information and
assistance of WebTrends' board of directors in connection with its
consideration of the merger.
Dain Rauscher Wessels' opinion does not address
the relative merits of the merger and any other transactions or business
strategies discussed by WebTrends' board of directors as alternatives to the
merger, or the underlying business decision of WebTrends' board of directors to
proceed with the merger.
Dain Rauscher Wessels' opinion and presentation to
WebTrends' board of directors were only two of many factors taken into
consideration by WebTrends' board of directors in making its determination to
approve the merger agreement.
Dain Rauscher Wessels' opinion does not
constitute a recommendation to any WebTrends shareholder as to how such
shareholder should vote with respect to the merger.
Dain Rauscher Wessels'
opinion addresses solely the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the
exchange ratio to the holders of common stock of WebTrends and does not address
any other terms or agreements related to the merger.

   
In rendering its opinion, Dain Rauscher Wessels assumed and relied upon the
accuracy and completeness of the financial, legal, tax, operating and other
information provided by WebTrends and NetIQ (including, without limitation, the
financial statements and related notes of WebTrends and NetIQ).
Dain Rauscher
Wessels did not assume responsibility for independently verifying and did not
independently verify this information.
With respect to the data and discussions
relating to the business prospects and financial outlook of WebTrends and
NetIQ, upon advice of WebTrends and NetIQ, Dain Rauscher Wessels assumed that
the publicly available forecasts reflect reasonable estimates and judgments of
the management of WebTrends and NetIQ as to the future financial performance of
WebTrends and NetIQ, respectively, and that WebTrends and NetIQ will perform
substantially in accordance with such estimates.
Dain Rauscher Wessels
expressed no opinion as to such financial data and estimates or the assumptions
on which they were based.

   
Additionally, Dain Rauscher Wessels was not asked to and did not consider
the possible effects of any litigation, other legal claims or any other
contingent matters.
Dain Rauscher Wessels did not assume responsibility for and
did not perform any independent evaluation or appraisal of any of the
respective assets or liabilities of WebTrends or NetIQ, nor was Dain Rauscher
Wessels furnished with any evaluations or appraisals.
Dain Rauscher Wessels did
not assume any obligation to conduct, and did not conduct, any physical
inspection of the property or facilities of WebTrends or NetIQ.
Dain Rauscher
Wessels expressed no opinion as to the price at which shares of WebTrends
common stock or NetIQ common stock have traded or at which shares of common
stock of WebTrends, NetIQ or the combined company may trade at any time in the
future.
Dain Rauscher Wessels' opinion relates to WebTrends as a going concern
and accordingly, Dain Rauscher Wessels expressed no opinion based on WebTrends'
liquidation value.
Dain Rauscher Wessels' opinion is based on the economic,
market and other conditions as they existed and the information supplied to
Dain Rauscher Wessels as of the date of its opinion.
Events occurring after the
date of Dain Rauscher Wessels' opinion may materially affect the assumptions
used in preparing the opinion, and Dain Rauscher Wessels assumes no obligation
to update, revise or reaffirm its opinion.

   
Dain Rauscher Wessels assumed that the merger will be treated as a purchase
under generally accepted accounting principles and as a tax-free reorganization
for U.S. federal income tax purposes.
Dain Rauscher Wessels also assumed that
in the course of obtaining necessary regulatory approvals and consents for the
merger, no restrictions will be imposed that will have a material adverse
effect on the contemplated benefits of the merger to WebTrends and its
shareholders.

   
In arriving at its opinion, Dain Rauscher Wessels:

  . reviewed the financial terms of the draft merger agreement dated January
    14, 2001;

  .
reviewed and analyzed certain publicly available financial and other data
    with respect to WebTrends and NetIQ and certain other historical relevant
    operating data relating to WebTrends and NetIQ made available to it from
    published sources and from the internal records of WebTrends and NetIQ;

  .
conducted discussions with members of the senior management of WebTrends
    with respect to the business prospects and financial outlook of WebTrends
    and the combined company;

  .
conducted discussions with members of the senior management of NetIQ with
    respect to the business prospects and financial outlook of NetIQ and the
    combined company;

  .
reviewed the reported prices and trading activity for WebTrends common
    stock and NetIQ common stock;

  .
compared the financial performance of WebTrends and the price of
    WebTrends common stock with that of other comparable publicly traded
    companies and their securities;

  .
compared the premium implied by the exchange ratio with the premiums paid
    in selected precedent transactions;

  .
compared each company's relative contribution to various income statement
    parameters with their pro-forma ownership in the combined company;

  .
considered the projected pro forma effect of the merger on NetIQ's
    earnings per share; and

  .
reviewed the financial terms, to the extent publicly available, of
    selected precedent transactions.

   
WebTrends did not provide Dain Rauscher Wessels with forecasted financial
information beyond December 31, 2001, and, as a result of the limited forecast,
Dain Rauscher Wessels was unable to employ a discounted cash flow analysis.

Dain Rauscher Wessels conducted such other analyses and examinations and
considered such other financial, economic and market criteria as it deemed
necessary in arriving at its opinion.

   
In delivering its opinion to the WebTrends board of directors, Dain Rauscher
Wessels prepared and delivered to the WebTrends' board of directors written
materials containing various analyses and other information material to the
opinion.
Set forth below is a summary of these analyses, including information
presented in tabular format.
To fully understand the summary of the financial
analyses used by Dain Rauscher Wessels, the tables must be read together with
the text of each summary.
The tables alone do not constitute a complete
description of the financial analysis.

   
Implied Consideration.
Giving effect to the exchange ratio, resulting
implied value of NetIQ consideration of $36.81 per share of WebTrends common
stock (based on the closing trading price for NetIQ common stock on January 12,
2001 of $76.69) and the outstanding WebTrends common stock on a fully diluted
basis, Dain Rauscher Wessels calculated the aggregate implied enterprise value
of WebTrends to be approximately $971 million.
Enterprise value is defined as
market capitalization, or equity value, plus debt less cash and cash
equivalents.

   
Comparable Company Analysis.
Dain Rauscher Wessels prepared a comparable
company analysis to analyze WebTrends' implied valuation relative to a group of
publicly traded companies that Dain Rauscher Wessels deemed for purposes of its
analysis to be comparable to WebTrends.
In this analysis, Dain Rauscher Wessels
compared the enterprise value of WebTrends implied by the exchange ratio (based
on the trading price of NetIQ's common stock at closing on January 12, 2001),
expressed as a multiple of actual and projected revenue in calendar years 2000
and 2001, to the range, mean and median multiples of enterprise values of
comparable companies implied by the public trading price of their common stock,
expressed as a multiple of the same operating data.
In addition, Dain Rauscher
Wessels compared the market capitalization or equity value of WebTrends implied
by the exchange ratio (based on the trading price of NetIQ's common stock at
closing on January 12, 2001), expressed as a multiple of price to earnings in
calendar years 2000 and 2001, to the range, mean and median price to earnings
multiples of comparable companies implied by the public trading

price of their common stock.
Multiples of future revenue and earnings for
WebTrends were based on projected revenue and earnings as estimated by Dain
Rauscher Wessels institutional research and, for the comparable companies, on
publicly available estimates.

   
Dain Rauscher Wessels compared enterprise value to revenue multiples and
price to earnings multiples of WebTrends' implied valuation with those of the
following publicly traded companies: Accrue Software, Inc.; Broadbase Software,
Inc.; E.piphany, Inc.; Informatica Corporation; Macromedia, Inc.; and
net.
Genesis Corporation.

   
The following table presents, as of January 12, 2001, and based on the 0.48
exchange ratio, WebTrends' implied enterprise value to revenue and price to
earnings multiples and the range, mean and median enterprise value to revenue
and price to earnings multiples for the aforementioned comparable companies for
calendar years 2000 and 2001:

                                     Comparable Companies        WebTrends
                                  -------------------------- (as implied by the
                                   Low   High   Mean  Median  Exchange Ratio)
                                  ----- ------ ------
------ ------------------

Enterprise value as a ratio of:
  Projected calendar year 2000
   revenue.......................  0.7x  21.1x   8.9x  6.8x         16.2x
  Projected calendar year 2001
   revenue.......................  
0.3x  10.9x   4.8x  3.5x          9.5x
Share price as a ratio of:
  Projected calendar year 2000
   earnings...................... 31.9x 277.1x 116.9x 41.5x        118.7x
  Projected calendar year 2001
   earnings......................
10.6x 138.5x  59.3x 28.7x         73.6x

   Dain Rauscher Wessels also presented selected stock market price and volume
data and illustrated the relative stock performance of WebTrends against the
comparable companies described above, the Nasdaq Composite Index and NetIQ.

   
Precedent Transaction Analysis.
Dain Rauscher Wessels compared transaction
value to revenue multiples relating to the proposed acquisition of WebTrends by
NetIQ with transaction value to revenue multiples in selected precedent merger
and acquisition transactions involving companies in the software industry.

Transaction value, with respect to NetIQ's acquisition of WebTrends, is the
enterprise value as of January 12, 2001, and, with respect to precedent
transactions, is the enterprise value on the date of announcement of the
transaction.
In selecting precedent transactions, Dain Rauscher Wessels
considered publicly traded software companies that announced transactions after
January 1, 2000, in which the transaction values at announcement were between
$250 million and $5 billion and last twelve month revenues were greater than
$10 million.
Based on these criteria, the following nine transactions were
analyzed:

  .
the acquisition of Bluestone Software, Inc. by Hewlett-Packard Co.,
    announced on October 24, 2000;

  .
the acquisition of Janna Systems, Inc. by Siebel Systems, Inc., announced
    on September 11, 2000;

  .
the acquisition of Blaze Software, Inc. by Brokat AG, announced on June
    20, 2000;

  .
the acquisition of Active Software, Inc. by webMethods, Inc., announced
    on May 22, 2000;

  .
the acquisition of Harbinger Corp. by Peregrine Systems, Inc., announced
    on April 5, 2000;

  .
the acquisition of OnDisplay, Inc. by Vignette Corporation, announced on
    May 22, 2000;

  .
the acquisition of Mission Critical Software, Inc. by NetIQ Corporation,
    announced on February 28, 2000;

  .
the acquisition of Silknet Software, Inc. by Kana Communications, Inc.,
    announced on February 7, 2000; and

  .
the acquisition of Interleaf, Inc. by Broadvision Software, Inc.,
    announced on January 26, 2000.

   
For the purpose of calculating multiples, revenue was derived from both the
twelve month actual or estimated revenue of the target companies in the last
twelve months prior to the announcement of the transaction, or LTM revenue, as
well as twelve month estimated revenue of the target companies in the twelve
months following the announcement of the transaction, or FTM revenue.
Financial
data regarding the precedent transactions was taken from SEC filings, press
releases, Dain Rauscher Wessels institutional research and other Wall Street
estimates.
Dain Rauscher Wessels noted that public company valuations in the
software market have changed materially since the first quarter of the year.
As
such, Dain Rauscher Wessels analyzed the precedent transactions both in terms
of the implied transaction value at announcement and an adjusted transaction
value as of January 12, 2001, which takes into account the changes in stock
prices of the acquirers since announcement.

   
The following table compares the implied transaction multiple for the
transaction with the low, high, mean and median multiples for the selected
precedent transactions, as well as an adjusted transaction value, as of January
12, 2001, which takes into account the changes in stock prices of the acquirers
since announcement:

                                     Precedent Transaction
                                           Analysis              WebTrends
                                   -------------------------
(as implied by the
                                    Low   High  Mean  Median  Exchange Ratio)
                                   -----
------
-----
------ ------------------

Transaction value as of
 announcement as a ratio of:
  LTM revenue....................   
9.3x 187.2x 49.5x 22.6x        16.2x
  FTM revenue....................   4.3x  97.4x 26.7x 16.3x         9.5x
Market-adjusted transaction value
 as of 1/12/01 as a ratio of:
  LTM revenue....................  
-1.7x  40.8x 16.8x 15.4x        16.2x
  FTM revenue....................  -1.2x  26.8x  9.4x  8.0x         9.5x

   Premiums Paid Analysis.
Dain Rauscher Wessels compared the implied premium
payable to holders of WebTrends common stock based on the exchange ratio to the
announced premiums in 169 stock-for-stock transactions announced since January
1, 1998, with transaction values greater than $100 million and which involved
public companies merging with or acquiring other public companies.
In this
analysis, Dain Rauscher Wessels assumed an announcement date of January 16,
2001.
Dain Rauscher Wessels compared WebTrends common stock price at
announcement implied by the exchange ratio to the WebTrends' price one day, one
week and one month prior to announcement to the price premiums for the same
periods for the targets in the selected transactions.
Dain Rauscher Wessels
observed that the one day, one week and one month premiums implied by the
exchange ratio to WebTrends on a historic basis were 40%, 53% and 30%,
respectively, and on a moving average basis for the same periods were 40%, 42%
and 35%, respectively.
The following table summarizes this analysis:

                          General Technology Precedent Transactions                   WebTrends'
                         --------------------------------------------------  ----------------------------
                            Low         High         Mean         Median     Historic Price Average Price
                         ----------  ----------   ----------   
------------  --------------
-------------

Time from announcement
 date:
  One day prior.........          1%        196%          38%           32%        40%            40%
  One week prior........        
-24%        189%          45%           37%        53%            42%
  One month prior.......        
-56%        233%          56%           48%        30%            35%

   Relative Contribution Analysis.
Dain Rauscher Wessels analyzed the relative
contribution of each of WebTrends and NetIQ in calendar year 2001 in terms of
various financial statement categories relative to the pro forma combined
financial statements of the two stand-alone companies.
The financial statement
categories included revenue, operating income and net income.
Dain Rauscher
Wessels compared the relative contributions to the pro forma ownership
percentage of WebTrends and NetIQ security holders in the pro forma post-merger
combined company based on the fully-diluted equity ownership of the combined
entity, calculated using the treasury stock method of accounting on an
enterprise and equity value basis, assuming no synergies.
Dain Rauscher Wessels
observed that, based upon the exchange ratio set forth in the merger agreement,
the relative ownership of the combined company by WebTrends and NetIQ security
holders, on a fully diluted

equity value basis, would be 24.4% and 75.6%, respectively, at the close of the
merger.
Dain Rauscher Wessels also noted that the implied WebTrends and NetIQ
pro forma ownership, on an enterprise value basis, would be 24.7% and 75.3%,
respectively.
The following is a summary of this analysis for calendar 2001:

                                                                    Projected
                                                                  Calendar Year
                                                                     2001(1)
                                                                 ---------------
                                                                 WebTrends NetIQ
                                                                 ---------
-----

     Revenue....................................................     
32%     68%
     Operating Income...........................................     29%     71%
     Net Income.................................................     26%     74%

- --------
(1) Based on published research analyst estimates.

   
Accretion/Dilution Analysis.
Dain Rauscher Wessels analyzed the pro forma
impact of the transaction on the projected earnings per share of the combined
company for fiscal 2001 using published research analyst estimates for
WebTrends and NetIQ.
Dain Rauscher Wessels estimated that the impact of the
transaction on the combined company's earnings per share would be accretive by
$0.02 in calendar 2001, excluding the impact of goodwill amortization and one-
time transaction related costs and assuming no synergies.

   
The preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex process that involves the
application of subjective business judgment in determining the most appropriate
and relevant methods of financial analysis and the application of those methods
to the particular circumstances and, therefore, is not necessarily susceptible
to partial consideration of the analyses or summary description.
Dain Rauscher
Wessels believes that its analyses must be considered as a whole and that
selecting portions of the analyses and of the factors considered, without
considering all factors and analyses, could create an incomplete or misleading
view of the processes underlying its opinion.
In arriving at its fairness
determination, Dain Rauscher Wessels considered the results of all of its
analyses as well as qualitative factors, including the enhanced competitive
position of the combined company that is expected to result from offering a
broader suite of products, a stronger combined management team, and the greater
size and critical mass of the combined company.
In view of the wide variety of
factors considered in connection with its evaluation of the fairness of the
merger consideration from a financial point of view, Dain Rauscher Wessels did
not find it practicable to assign relative weights to the factors considered in
reaching its opinion.

   
No single company or transaction used in the above analyses as a comparison
is identical to WebTrends or NetIQ or the proposed merger.
The analyses were
prepared solely for purposes of Dain Rauscher Wessels providing an opinion as
to the fairness, from a financial point of view, to the holders of common stock
of WebTrends of the exchange ratio and do not purport to be appraisals or
necessarily reflect the prices at which businesses or securities actually may
be sold, which are inherently subject to uncertainty.

   
In connection with its analyses, Dain Rauscher Wessels made, and was
provided by WebTrends' management, numerous assumptions with respect to
industry performance, general business and economic conditions and other
matters, many of which are beyond WebTrends' or NetIQ's control.
Analyses based
upon forecasts of future results are not necessarily indicative of actual
future results, which may be significantly more or less favorable than
suggested by such analyses.
Because such analyses are inherently subject to
uncertainty, being based upon numerous factors or events beyond the control of
WebTrends, NetIQ or their advisors, none of WebTrends, NetIQ, Dain Rauscher
Wessels or any other person assumes responsibility if future results or actual
values are materially different from these forecasts or assumptions.

   
Dain Rauscher Wessels is a nationally recognized investment banking firm and
is regularly engaged in the valuation of businesses and securities in
connection with mergers and acquisitions, corporate restructurings, negotiated
underwritings, secondary distributions of listed and unlisted securities,
private placements and valuations for corporate and other purposes.
Dain
Rauscher Wessels regularly publishes research reports regarding the software
industry and the businesses and securities of publicly owned companies in that
industry.
In the ordinary course of business, Dain Rauscher Wessels and its
affiliates may act as a market maker and broker in the publicly traded
securities of WebTrends and NetIQ and may receive customary compensation in
connection with those activities.
Dain Rauscher Wessels and its affiliates may
also actively trade securities of

WebTrends and NetIQ for their own accounts or the accounts of their customers
and, accordingly, may from time to time hold a long or short position in those
securities.
WebTrends selected Dain Rauscher Wessels to render its opinion
based on Dain Rauscher Wessels' knowledge of the software industry and its
experience in mergers and acquisitions and in securities valuation generally.

   
Pursuant to an engagement letter, WebTrends paid Dain Rauscher Wessels a
customary fee upon the rendering of its opinion.
Payment of this fee to Dain
Rauscher Wessels was not contingent upon the closing of the merger.
WebTrends
has also agreed to pay Dain Rauscher Wessels a customary transaction fee upon
the closing of the merger for investment banking and financial advisory
services.
The transaction fee is contingent upon the closing of the merger.

Whether or not the transaction closes, WebTrends has agreed to reimburse Dain
Rauscher Wessels for its reasonable out-of-pocket expenses and to indemnify
Dain Rauscher Wessels against certain liabilities relating to or arising out of
services performed by Dain Rauscher Wessels in connection with merger.
The
terms of the engagement letter, which WebTrends believes are customary for
transactions of this nature, were negotiated at arms'-length between WebTrends
and Dain Rauscher Wessels, and WebTrends' board of directors was aware of this
fee arrangement at the time of its approval of the merger agreement.


Recommendation of NetIQ's board of directors

   After careful consideration, the NetIQ board of directors has determined the
merger agreement and the merger to be fair to and in the best interests of
NetIQ and its stockholders.
In connection with the merger, NetIQ's board of
directors unanimously recommends approval of the issuance of shares of NetIQ
common stock in the merger as described in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus.


Opinion of NetIQ's financial advisor

   NetIQ retained Credit Suisse First Boston Corporation to act as its
principal financial advisor in connection with the merger.
In connection with
Credit Suisse First Boston's engagement, NetIQ requested that Credit Suisse
First Boston evaluate the fairness, from a financial point of view, to NetIQ of
the exchange ratio provided for in the merger.
On January 15, 2001, the NetIQ
board of directors met to review the proposed merger and the final terms of the
merger agreement.
During this meeting, Credit Suisse First Boston rendered to
the NetIQ board of directors its oral opinion, subsequently confirmed in
writing on January 16, 2001, that, as of the date of the opinion and based upon
and subject to the various considerations set forth in the Credit Suisse First
Boston opinion, the exchange ratio was fair, from a financial point of view, to
NetIQ.

   
The full text of the Credit Suisse First Boston opinion, which sets forth,
among other things, assumptions made, procedures followed, matters considered
and limitations on the scope of the review undertaken by Credit Suisse First
Boston in rendering its opinion is attached as Annex C to this joint proxy
statement/prospectus and is incorporated by reference in its entirety.
NetIQ
stockholders are urged to, and should, read the Credit Suisse First Boston
opinion carefully and in its entirety.
The Credit Suisse First Boston opinion
addresses only the fairness of the exchange ratio to NetIQ from a financial
point of view as of the date of the Credit Suisse First Boston opinion, and
does not constitute a recommendation to any stockholder as to how such
stockholder should vote or act on any matter relating to the proposed merger.

The summary of the Credit Suisse First Boston opinion in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text
of the Credit Suisse First Boston opinion.

   
In connection with its opinion, Credit Suisse First Boston, among other
things,

  . reviewed the merger agreement and certain related documents;

  .
reviewed certain publicly available business and financial information
    relating to NetIQ and WebTrends;

  .
reviewed certain other information relating to NetIQ and WebTrends,
    including financial forecasts discussed with it by NetIQ and WebTrends,
    and met with the managements of NetIQ and WebTrends to discuss the
    businesses and prospects of NetIQ and WebTrends, including the ability to
    integrate the businesses of NetIQ and WebTrends;

  .
considered certain financial and stock market data of NetIQ and WebTrends
    and compared that data with similar data for other publicly held
    companies in businesses similar to NetIQ and WebTrends;

  .
considered, to the extent publicly available, the financial terms of
    certain other business combinations and other transactions which have
    recently been effected or announced; and

  .
considered such other information, financial studies, analyses and
    investigations and financial, economic and market criteria which Credit
    Suisse First Boston deemed relevant.

   
In connection with its review, Credit Suisse First Boston did not assume any
responsibility for independent verification of any of the foregoing information
and relied on such information being complete and accurate in all material
respects.
With respect to financial forecasts that it reviewed, the managements
of NetIQ and WebTrends reviewed publicly available financial forecasts for
NetIQ and WebTrends, respectively, and advised Credit Suisse First Boston, and
Credit Suisse First Boston assumed, that such publicly available forecasts
represent reasonable estimates and judgments as to the future financial
performance of NetIQ and WebTrends, respectively.
In addition, Credit Suisse
First Boston relied upon, without independent verification, the assessment of
the managements of NetIQ and WebTrends as to WebTrends' existing technology and
products, the validity of, and risks associated with, WebTrends' future
technology and products, and the ability to integrate the businesses of NetIQ
and WebTrends.
NetIQ also informed Credit Suisse First Boston, and Credit
Suisse First Boston assumed, that the merger will be treated as a tax-free
reorganization for federal income tax purposes.
Credit Suisse First Boston was
not requested to make, and did not make, an independent evaluation or appraisal
of the assets or liabilities (contingent or otherwise) of NetIQ or WebTrends,
nor was Credit Suisse First Boston furnished with any such evaluations or
appraisals.
The Credit Suisse First Boston opinion is necessarily based upon
information available to it, and financial, economic, market and other
conditions as they existed and could be evaluated, on the date of the Credit
Suisse First Boston opinion.
Credit Suisse First Boston did not express any
opinion as to what the value of the NetIQ common stock actually will be when
issued pursuant to the merger or the prices at which shares of NetIQ common
stock will trade at any time.

   
In preparing its opinion to NetIQ, Credit Suisse First Boston performed a
variety of financial and comparative analyses.
The preparation of a fairness
opinion is a complex process and is not necessarily susceptible to partial
analysis or summary description.
Credit Suisse First Boston believes that its
analyses must be considered as a whole and that selecting portions of its
analyses and of the factors considered by it, without considering all analyses
and factors, could create a misleading view of the processes underlying the
Credit Suisse First Boston opinion.
No company or transaction used in the
analysis performed by Credit Suisse First Boston as a comparison is identical
to NetIQ, WebTrends or the contemplated merger.
In addition, Credit Suisse
First Boston may have given various analyses more or less weight than other
analyses, and may have deemed various assumptions more or less probable than
other assumptions, so that the range of valuation resulting from any particular
analysis described below should not be taken to be Credit Suisse First Boston's
view of the actual value of NetIQ or WebTrends.
In performing its analyses,
Credit Suisse First Boston made numerous assumptions with respect to industry
performance, general business and economic conditions and other matters, many
of which are beyond the control of NetIQ or WebTrends.
The analyses performed
by Credit Suisse First Boston are not necessarily indicative of actual values
or actual future results, which may be significantly more or less favorable
than suggested by such analyses.
In addition, analyses relating to the value of
businesses or assets do not purport to be appraisals or to necessarily reflect
the prices at which businesses or assets may actually be sold.
The analyses
performed were prepared solely as part of Credit Suisse First Boston's analysis
of the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the exchange ratio to NetIQ
and were provided to the board of directors of NetIQ in connection with the
delivery of the Credit Suisse First Boston opinion.

   
The following is a summary of the material financial analyses performed by
Credit Suisse First Boston in connection with the preparation of its opinion,
and reviewed with the NetIQ board of directors at a meeting of the NetIQ board
of directors held on January 15, 2001.
Certain of the summaries of those
financial analyses include information presented in tabular format.
In order to
understand fully the material financial analyses

used by Credit Suisse First Boston, the tables should be read together with the
text of each summary.
The tables alone do not constitute a complete description
of the material financial analyses.

   
Historical Stock Price Analysis.
Credit Suisse First Boston analyzed the
prices at which WebTrends common stock traded since WebTrends' initial public
offering on February 19, 1999 through January 12, 2001.
Credit Suisse First
Boston noted that the high closing price of WebTrends common stock was $85.50
on March 22, 2000, and that the low closing price of WebTrends common stock was
$12.00 on February 23, 1999.
Credit Suisse First Boston also noted the average
closing price of WebTrends common stock over various periods prior to January
12, 2001, as summarized below:

                                                                         Average
     Period Prior to                                                     Closing
     January 12, 2001                                                     Price
     ----------------                                                    -------

     Current............................................................ $26.38
     Last 5 trading days................................................
$25.93
     Last 10 trading days............................................... $26.63
     Last 30 trading days............................................... $27.94
     Last 60 trading days...............................................
$29.14
     Last 90 trading days...............................................
$30.46

   Public Company Trading Valuation Analysis.
Credit Suisse First Boston
compared certain financial information of WebTrends with that of other
companies involved in several sectors of the software industry, including:

    .
Web performance/customer            .  
Security software companies
      analysis software companies
      WebTrends Corporation               Symantec Corp
      Engage, Inc.                        Internet Security Systems, Inc.
      Accrue Software, Inc.               Netegrity, Inc.
      Net.
Genesis, Corp.                  Entrust Technologies, Inc.
                                          Checkpoint Systems, Inc.
                                          BindView Development, Corp
                                          Secure Computing Corp.

    .
Business intelligence software      .
eCustomer relationship management
      companies                             (eCRM) software companies
      Informatica Corp.                   Siebel Systems, Inc.
      E.piphany, Inc.                     Broadvision, Inc.
      Business Objects, SA                Vignette Corp.
      Cognos, Inc.                        Interwoven, Inc.
      Broadbase Software, Inc.            Art Technology Group, Inc.
                                          Kana Communications, Inc.
                                          Selectica, Inc.

    .
Systems and performance             .
Web development tools software
      management software companies         companies
      Veritas Software Corp.              Rational Software Corp.
      BMC Software, Inc.                  Mercury Interactive, Inc.
      Micromuse, Inc.                     Macromedia, Inc.
      Quest Software, Inc.                Embarcadero Technologies, Inc.
      Infovista SA                        SERENA Software, Inc.
      NetScout Systems, Inc.

   Such information included, among other things, stock prices as multiples of
earnings per share for estimated calendar year 2000, 2001 and 2002, and the
multiples of aggregate value, defined as market capitalization plus total debt
less cash and cash equivalents to estimated revenue for calendar year 2000,
2001 and 2002.
The multiples were calculated using publicly available
information and consensus forecasts by securities research analysts.
The
analysis was based upon the closing stock prices for all of the companies as of
January 12, 2001.
The following table summarizes the results of this analysis:

                                    Price/Earnings    Aggregate Value/Estimated
                                       Multiples      Revenue for Calendar Year
                                  -------------------
--------------------------
                                   2000   2001  2002    2000     2001    2002
                                  ------
------
----- -------- -------- --------

WebTrends.......................   
84.0x  52.3x 34.5x    10.8x     6.4x    3.6x
Web performance / Customer
 analysis software (median).....   
84.0x  34.4x 21.0x     1.5x     1.1x    0.7x
Business intelligence software
 (median).......................   
65.5x  50.7x 30.3x     7.2x     5.4x    3.8x
Systems and performance
 management software (median)...  
143.6x  97.7x 66.7x    30.5x    14.0x    8.4x
Security software (median)......  128.1x  44.5x 22.8x     5.7x     3.8x    2.6x
eCustomer relationship
 management (eCRM) software
 (median).......................  
122.0x 106.7x 54.8x    10.1x     5.4x    3.6x
Web development tools (median)..   
71.2x  57.8x 43.6x    13.1x     9.5x    7.0x

   Comparative Stock Price Performance.
Credit Suisse First Boston also
reviewed the recent stock price performance of NetIQ and compared its
performance with WebTrends and indices comprised of the selected companies in
each of the Web Performance, Business Intelligence, Performance Management and
Security categories and the Nasdaq composite index over the period from January
3, 2000 through January 12, 2001.
The following table sets forth the
increase/(decrease) in stock prices over such period:

                                                                Stock Price
                                                           Increase / (Decrease)
                                                                   from
                                                           01/03/00 to 01/12/01
                                                           ---------------------

   NetIQ..................................................           32%
   WebTrends..............................................          (29%)
   Web performance software...............................          (95%)
   
Business intelligence software.........................          
(47%)
   Performance management software........................          
(31%)
   Security software......................................          (46%)
   Nasdaq.................................................          (34%)

   Transaction Multiples.
Credit Suisse First Boston calculated several values
implied by the exchange ratio, including the implied price per WebTrends share,
the fully diluted equity value and aggregate value of WebTrends and the pro
forma fully diluted ownership of NetIQ by WebTrends shareholders, as well as
the multiples of the implied aggregate transaction value and equity value to
WebTrends' projected revenues and earnings for 2000 and 2001.
The following
table summarizes the results of this analysis:

                                                                                   Equity
                                           Pro Forma Fully     Aggregate Value/    Value/
                                          Diluted Ownership       WebTrends      WebTrends
 Implied      Implied      WebTrends   -----------------------    Estimated      Estimated
Price per    WebTrends     Aggregate                 WebTrends     Revenues       Earnings
WebTrends  Fully Diluted  Transaction      NetIQ     Ownership -----------------------------
  Share     Equity Value     Value     Shares Issued in NetIQ    2000    2001    2000  2001
- ---------  --------------
------------ ------------- ---------
-------- -------------- -----

 $36.81    $1,059 million $972 million 13.81 million   24.1%   16.2x    9.6x    117.3x 73.0x

   Selected Precedent Transactions.
Credit Suisse First Boston reviewed the
publicly available financial terms of selected precedent transactions,
including the following four acquisitions in the software industry:

  .
Acquisition of Andromedia by Macromedia

  .
Acquisition of Blaze Software by Brokat Infosystems

  .
Acquisition of OnDisplay by Vignette

  .
Acquisition of Sterling Software by Computer Associates

   Credit Suisse First Boston compared the financial terms for the precedent
transactions listed above to comparable financial terms for the merger.
Credit
Suisse First Boston considered the premiums paid in such transactions and
calculated the WebTrends share price and exchange ratio implied by such
premiums.
Credit Suisse First Boston also considered the aggregate value paid
in such transactions as a multiple of revenue of the acquired company in such
transactions for the 12 months preceding such transactions and calculated the
WebTrends share price and exchange ratio implied by such multiples.
The
following table summarizes the results of this analysis:

                                    Premium
   Selected Precedent     ---------------------------
Aggregate Value/Estimated Revenues
 Software Transactions    Current Price 30-Days Price Twelve Months Prior to Acquisition
 ---------------------    -------------
------------- ----------------------------------

Andromedia / Macromedia
Premium/Multiple........       
NA            NA                       49.3x
Implied WebTrends Share
 Price..................       
NA            NA                    $100.84
Implied Exchange Ratio..       
NA            NA                      1.315x

Blaze Software / Brokat
 Infosystems
Premium/Multiple........      133.4%        162.6%                    24.9x
Implied WebTrends Share
 Price..................     $61.56        $66.48                  $ 53.62
Implied Exchange Ratio..      
0.803x        0.867x                   0.699x

OnDisplay / Vignette
Premium/Multiple........       
30.0%          3.3%                    97.6x
Implied WebTrends Share
 Price..................     $34.29        $26.15                  $194.32
Implied Exchange Ratio..      0.447x        0.341x                   2.534x

Sterling Software /
 Computer Associates
Premium/Multiple........       21.9%         29.1%                     4.1x
Implied WebTrends Share
 Price..................     
$32.14        $32.68                  $ 12.68
Implied Exchange Ratio..      0.419x        0.426x                   0.165x

   Credit Suisse First Boston reviewed 88 precedent software transactions to
the comparable financial statistics for WebTrends and NetIQ based on the
exchange ratio and the closing prices of WebTrends and NetIQ common stock as of
January 12, 2001.
The following table summarizes the results of this analysis:

    Exchange Ratio Premiums Paid in 88 Precedent Software Transactions Since
                               September 1, 1993

                            Last Twelve
                              Months    Trailing Trailing Trailing Trailing
                              Average   90 Days  60 Days  30 Days  10 Days  Market  Average
                            -----------
--------
-------- --------
-------- ------  
-------

   Median Premium..........     13.90%    28.30%   31.90%   33.00%   31.80%  28.10%  27.80%
   Average Premium.........     
14.70%    31.90%   37.80%   39.20%   37.00%  32.20%  32.10%
   Merger Exchange Ratio
   Implied by the Median
    Premium................     
0.761x    0.533x   0.444x   0.444x   0.482x  0.441x  0.525x
   WebTrends Share Price...   $ 58.35    $40.85   $34.05   $34.03   $36.99  $33.79  $40.25
   Premium to Current
    Market.................    
121.20%    54.90%   29.10%   29.00%   40.20%  28.10%  52.60%

No transaction utilized as a comparison in the precedent software transaction
analyses is identical to the merger.
In evaluating the merger, Credit Suisse
First Boston made judgments and assumptions with regard to industry
performance, general business, economic, market and financial conditions and
other matters, many of which are beyond the control of WebTrends and NetIQ,
such as the impact of competition on the businesses of WebTrends and NetIQ and
the industry generally, industry growth and the absence of any adverse material
change in the financial condition and prospects of WebTrends and NetIQ or the
industry or in the financial markets in general.
Mathematical analysis, such as
determining the average or the median, is not in itself a meaningful method of
using comparable transaction data.

   
Contribution Analysis.
Credit Suisse First Boston analyzed the relative
contributions of WebTrends and NetIQ to the pro forma total revenues, gross
profit, operating income and net income of the combined company, based on
estimates for calendar years 2000 and 2001 prepared by securities research
analysts regarding WebTrends and NetIQ.
Credit Suisse First Boston derived the
WebTrends pro forma ownership of the combined company, the exchange ratio, the
WebTrends value per share and the premium to WebTrends' recent closing price
implied by such relative contributions.
The following table summarizes the
results of this analysis setting forth the range of results for the calendar
years 2000 and 2001:

                                                                              Implied
                                                                            Premium/ to
                               Implied                        Implied         Current
                              WebTrends       Implied     WebTrends Share WebTrends Share
                              Ownership   Exchange Ratio       Price           Price
                            ------------- --------------- ---------------
---------------

   Total Revenue........... 36.1% - 30.8% 0.884x - 0.698x $67.82 - $53.51 157.1% - 102.9%
   Gross Profit............ 35.0% - 30.0% 0.841x - 0.671x $64.52 - $51.49 144.6% -  95.2%
   Operating Income........ 33.4% - 28.2% 0.784x - 0.615x $60.13 - $47.20 128.0% -  79.0%
   Net Income.............. 30.2% - 26.4% 0.678x - 0.561x $52.00 - $42.99  97.2% -  63.0%

   Historical Exchange Ratio Analysis.
Credit Suisse First Boston compared the
average of the exchange ratios of the closing price of WebTrends common stock
to the closing price of NetIQ common stock for each trading day over various
periods ended January 12, 2001.
The following table sets forth such average
exchange ratios for various periods ended January 12, 2001 and the
premium/(discount) represented by the average exchange ratios when compared to
the market exchange ratio on January 12, 2001 of 0.344x and the exchange ratio
in the merger of 0.480x:

                                            Premium/(Discount) of Premium/(Discount) of
                                             the Current Market        the Merger
                                Average      Exchange Ratio over   Exchange Ratio over
   Period Prior to January   Exchange Ratio      the Average      the Average Exchange
   12, 2001                   over Period      Exchange Ratio             Ratio
   -----------------------   --------------
--------------------- ---------------------

   Current.................      
0.344x               0.0%                 39.6%
   Last 10 trading days....      
0.366x              (6.0)%                31.2%
   Last 30 trading days....      
0.334x               3.1%                 43.8%
   Last 45 trading days....      
0.335x               2.6%                 43.3%
   Last 60 trading days....      
0.337x               2.2%                 42.6%
   Last 90 trading days....      
0.415x             (17.1)%                15.7%
   Last 180 trading days...      
0.578x             (40.5)%               (17.0)%
   Since October 1, 1999...      
0.677x             (49.2)%               (29.1)%

   Pro Forma Earnings Impact Analysis.
Credit Suisse First Boston analyzed
certain pro forma effects expected to result from the merger, including, among
other things, the expected effect of the merger on the estimated earnings and
revenue for the second and third quarters of calendar year 2001 and for the
calendar year 2001.
The following table sets forth the resulting
accretion/(dilution) to the combined company's earnings and revenue for the
second and third quarters of calendar year 2001 and calendar year 2001 based on
such estimates:

                                                                  Revenue per Share
        Earnings per Share Accretion/(Dilution)                  Accretion/(Dilution)
      
---------------------------------------------------        --------------------
      Q2, 2001       Q3, 2001         Calendar Year 2001          Calendar Year 2001
      --------       --------         ------------------         --------------------

        4.9%           7.6%                  6.2%                        12.0%

   The actual results achieved by the combined company after the merger may
vary from such estimated results and the variations may be material.

   
Terminal Value Analysis.
Credit Suisse First Boston calculated the present
value for WebTrends common stock using various assumptions, including (i)
compound annual revenue growth rates for 2001 to 2003 ranging from 40% to 60%,
(ii) exit multiples of next twelve month price/earnings ratios ranging from 50
times to 60 times, (iii) exit multiples of next twelve month revenues ranging
from 6.0 times to 8.0 times, (iv) operating margins ranging from 17% to 20%,
and (v) discount rates ranging from 15% to 20%.
The following table sets forth
the present values for shares of WebTrends common stock implied by such
analysis assuming a 17% operating margin:

                                           Compound Annual Revenue Growth Rates
                                                (Calendar Year 2001--2003)
    Terminal Forward Exit                 --------------------------------------
           Multiple         Discount Rate      40%          50%          60%
    ---------------------   
------------- ------------ ------------ ------------

   Price/Earnings Exit
    Multiple
     50x...................     
15.0%     $         32 $         36 $         40
                                20.0%     $         29 $         33 $         36
     60x...................     15.0%     $         38 $         43 $         48
                                20.0%     $         35 $         39 $         44

   Revenue Exit Multiple
     50x...................     15.0%     $         31 $         35 $         40
                                20.0%     $         28 $         32 $         36
     60x...................     15.0%     $         40 $         46 $         52
                                20.0%     $         37 $         42 $         48

   Credit Suisse First Boston's opinion and presentation to the NetIQ board of
directors was one of many factors taken into consideration by the NetIQ board
of directors in making its determination to recommend the merger agreement and
the transactions contemplated thereby.
Consequently, the analyses described
above should not be viewed as determinative of the opinion of the NetIQ board
of directors or the management of NetIQ with respect to the value of WebTrends
or whether the NetIQ board of directors would have been willing to agree to a
different exchange ratio.

   
The NetIQ board of directors retained Credit Suisse First Boston to act as
its principal financial advisor in connection with the merger.
Credit Suisse
First Boston was selected by the NetIQ board of directors based on Credit
Suisse First Boston's qualifications, expertise and reputation.
Credit Suisse
First Boston has in the past provided financial and investment banking services
to NetIQ for which Credit Suisse First Boston received compensation.
Credit
Suisse First Boston is an internationally recognized investment banking and
advisory firm.
Credit Suisse First Boston, as part of its investment banking
business, is continuously engaged in the valuation of businesses and securities
in connection with mergers and acquisitions, leveraged buyouts, negotiated
underwritings, competitive biddings, secondary distributions of listed and
unlisted securities, private placements and valuations for corporate and other
purposes.
In the ordinary course of its business, Credit

Suisse First Boston and its affiliates may actively trade the securities of
NetIQ and WebTrends for their own accounts and for the accounts of customers
and, accordingly, may at any time hold a long or short position in such
securities.

   
Pursuant to an engagement letter dated November 15, 2000, NetIQ engaged
Credit Suisse First Boston to provide financial advisory services to the NetIQ
board of directors in connection with the merger, including, among other
things, rendering its opinion and making the presentation referred to above.

Pursuant to the terms of the engagement letter, NetIQ has agreed to pay Credit
Suisse First Boston a customary fee in connection therewith, a significant
portion of which is contingent upon consummation of the merger, and the NetIQ
Board of directors was aware of this fee arrangement at the time of its
approval of the merger agreement.
Credit Suisse First Boston will also receive
a fee for rendering its opinion.
In addition, NetIQ has agreed to reimburse
Credit Suisse First Boston for its out-of-pocket expenses, including attorney's
fees, incurred in connection with its engagement and to indemnify Credit Suisse
First Boston and certain related persons against certain liabilities and
expenses arising out of or in conjunction with its rendering of services under
its engagement, including liabilities arising under the federal securities
laws.


Interests of certain persons in the merger

   In considering the recommendations of WebTrends' board of directors with
respect to the merger agreement, WebTrends shareholders should be aware that
certain directors and members of management of WebTrends have interests in the
merger that are different from, or in addition to, their interests as WebTrends
shareholders generally.
The names and titles of the individuals who are
directors or executive officers of WebTrends and who are known to have these
additional interests are listed below.
WebTrends' board of directors was aware
of these interests and considered them, among other matters, in approving the
merger.

  
NetIQ Board of Directors After the Merger

   NetIQ has agreed to take action to have Elijahu Shapira, currently the
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of WebTrends, elected to the NetIQ board.

See "The Merger Agreement--NetIQ Board and Management.
"

  Stock Options and Stock Awards; Change in Control Arrangements

   Certain directors and executive officers of WebTrends have agreements with
WebTrends that provide for the acceleration of a portion of their unvested
options in connection with the merger.
The following table summarizes such
provisions with respect to each outstanding option for each such director or
executive officer:

                                                                                     Percentage of
                                                                    Shares that     unvested shares
                                                                  will be unvested that become vested
        Option Holder                     Position                  as of 3/1/01      upon merger
        -------------                     
--------                ----------------
------------------

   Daniel Meub............. Chief Operating Officer                   312,630              39%
   Mark Reed...............
Senior VP of Corporate Development        200,000              50%
   James T. Richardson.....
Senior VP and Chief Financial Officer     324,790              64%
   John Ryan...............
Director                                   48,552             100%
   Srivats Sampath.........
Director                                   41,052             100%

   
In addition, the portion of such options that remain unvested after the
merger will become vested in the event that the option holder's employment with
or service to the combined company should be terminated within two years after
the merger other than by voluntary termination by the option holder.
In
addition to the persons named above, certain employees of Webtrends who are not
directors or executive officers will receive partial acceleration of their
options as a result of the merger.

  
Other Employee Benefits

   Elijahu Shapira, the current Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of
WebTrends, and W. Glen Boyd, the current President and Chief Technical Officer
of WebTrends, entered into employment agreements with NetIQ dated January 16,
2001, that provide for the terms of their employment with NetIQ following the
merger.
The agreements provide that Mr. Shapira shall serve as Chief Strategy
Officer of NetIQ and that Mr. Boyd shall serve as Chief Information Officer of
NetIQ.
Set forth below is a description of the material terms of these
agreements.

   
Compensation.
Both employment agreements provide for the following
compensation arrangements:

  .
payment of an annual base salary of not less than $200,000;

  .
eligibility for an annual bonus, the target amount of which must be at
    least $100,000, in accordance with NetIQ's usual bonus arrangements for
    similarly situated executives; and

  .
grant of an option to purchase 312,500 shares of WebTrends' common stock
    immediately prior to the merger under the terms of WebTrends' stock
    option plan, which grant shall be assumed by NetIQ upon consummation of
    the merger.
Based on the exchange ratio in the merger, each option will
    become an option to purchase approximately 150,000 shares of NetIQ common
    stock.
The option grants are subject to a vesting schedule as follows:
    25% of the shares subject to option will vest on the first anniversary of
    the merger, an additional 25% will vest on the second anniversary of the
    merger and the remaining 50% will vest on the third anniversary, assuming
    in each case the executive's continued employment with NetIQ.

   
Other Benefits.
Both executives will, at the effective time, enter into
NetIQ's standard director and officer indemnification agreement and change of
control severance agreement that NetIQ has entered into with similarly situated
executives.
Under NetIQ's standard executive officer change of control
severance agreement, an executive who is terminated involuntarily within the
12-month period following a change of control is entitled to up to six months
of continuing base salary payments as well as full acceleration of all options
granted to such executive.

   
Under these change of control severance agreements, involuntary termination
is defined to include (1) a significant reduction of the executive's duties,
position or responsibilities, (2) substantial reduction of the facilities and
perquisites available to the executive, (3) reduction of base salary, (4)
material reduction in benefits, (5) relocation to a facility more than 50 miles
from executive's then current location, (6) termination by NetIQ without cause
and (7) failure of NetIQ to obtain assumption of the change in control
severance agreement by any successor to NetIQ.
Cause is defined under these
agreements to include (1) any action of personal dishonesty by the executive in
connection with his responsibilities intended to result in substantial personal
enrichment of the executive, (2) conviction of a felony that would have a
material detrimental effect on NetIQ, (3) a willful act of misconduct that is
injurious to NetIQ, and (4) continued willful violations of executive's duties
after notice from NetIQ of executive's failure to perform his duties.

   
Limitations on Dispositions.
Each executive will be subject to NetIQ's
insider trading policies for the duration of his status as an affiliate of
NetIQ.
Subject to the blackout periods imposed by NetIQ's insider trading
policies during which NetIQ's directors, officers and certain other insiders
may not trade in NetIQ's securities, each executive will be permitted to sell,
transfer or otherwise dispose of up to 250,000 shares of NetIQ common stock per
quarter during the first year after the merger.
This quarterly allowance may be
increased to up to 500,000 shares if NetIQ has imposed in a previous quarter
special blackout periods exceeding the number of days specified under the
employment agreement and to the extent that during such quarter, the executive
did not sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of the full quarterly allowance of
250,000 shares.
Each executive will be permitted to establish a written
agreement for the distribution of their shares of NetIQ common stock pursuant
to Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
The plan will specify
that, to the extent practicable, sales will be made in the first fifteen days
after the opening of the regular quarterly trading window following NetIQ's
quarterly earnings release.
If an executive enters into such an agreement,
NetIQ has agreed not to impose a blackout period on the executive during such
fifteen-day period.

   
If the employment of either executive is terminated by NetIQ for cause or by
the executive without good reason during the first year of such executive's
employment, such executive shall no longer be able to sell his quarterly
allowance of shares until after the first anniversary of the merger or for such
longer period not to exceed three months, determined pursuant to a formula
provided in the employment agreement.

   
Under the employment agreements, cause is defined to include (1) executive's
willful failure to perform his duties as an executive, (2) material dishonesty
in the performance of executive's duties, (3), executive's conviction of a
felony, (4) willful breach of the employment agreement and other agreements, as
well as willful breach of fiduciary duty, and (5) any other willful act or
omission that is materially injurious to the financial condition or business
reputation of NetIQ.

   
Under the employment agreements, good reason is defined to include (1)
reduction in executive's annual base salary or benefits that are not generally
applicable to similarly situated executives, (2) a material adverse change in
executive's status, title, position or material responsibilities or (3)
relocation, without executive's consent, of executive to a location more than
50 miles away from WebTrends' facilities in Portland, Oregon.

   
Non-competition and Non-solicitation.
Each executive has agreed not to work
for, make a significant investment in or otherwise participate in the affairs
of any company that competes with NetIQ's business as it exists immediately
after the merger for a period beginning at the completion of the merger and
ending on the second anniversary of the merger.
For the same period, each
executive has agreed (1) not to solicit or otherwise divert NetIQ's customers,
suppliers or other business partners and (2) not to solicit or recruit
employees of NetIQ.

  
Indemnification and Insurance

   Under the merger agreement, NetIQ has agreed to:

  .
indemnify and hold harmless present or former directors or officers of
    WebTrends or its subsidiaries for a period of six years for all acts or
    omissions occurring prior to the effective time of the merger, including
    the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, to the same extent
    these persons are indemnified and held harmless in WebTrends' articles of
    incorporation or bylaws or under Oregon law as of the date of the merger
    agreement, and

  .
provide an insurance and indemnification policy that grants WebTrends'
    officers and directors in office immediately prior to the effective time
    of the merger coverage no less favorable than WebTrends' policy in effect
    as of the date of the merger agreement, provided, however, that in
    satisfying such obligation NetIQ shall not be obligated to pay annual
    premiums in excess of $1.0 million.
NetIQ has agreed to make arrangements
    for the assumption of these obligations in the event of a subsequent
    merger or sale of NetIQ or WebTrends.

   
See "The Merger Agreement--Principal Covenants--Benefits Continuation" for a
description of the benefits provided by the merger agreement for employees of
WebTrends generally.


Restrictions on sales of shares by affiliates

   The shares of NetIQ common stock to be issued in the merger will be
registered under the Securities Act.
These shares will be freely transferable
under the Securities Act, except for shares of NetIQ common stock issued to any
person who is an affiliate of WebTrends or NetIQ.
Persons who may be deemed to
be affiliates include individuals or entities that control, are controlled by,
or are under common control of WebTrends or NetIQ and may include some of their
respective officers and directors, as well as their respective principal
stockholders.
Affiliates may not sell their shares of NetIQ common stock
acquired in the merger except pursuant to (1) an effective registration
statement under the Securities Act covering the resale of those shares, (2) an
exemption under paragraph (d) of Rule 145 under the Securities Act or (3) any
other applicable exemption under the Securities Act.


Completion and effectiveness of the merger

   The merger will be completed when all of the conditions to completion of the
merger are satisfied or waived, including approval and adoption of the merger
agreement and the merger by the shareholders of WebTrends and approval of the
issuance of NetIQ common stock in the merger by stockholders of NetIQ.
The
merger will become effective upon the filing of the articles of merger with the
State of Oregon.


Structure of the merger and conversion of WebTrends common stock

   Pursuant to the merger agreement, North Acquisition Corporation, a wholly-
owned subsidiary of NetIQ, will merge with and into WebTrends.
WebTrends will
then be a wholly-owned subsidiary of NetIQ.

   
Upon completion of the merger, each outstanding share of WebTrends common
stock will be converted into the right to receive 0.48 shares of NetIQ common
stock.
No fractional shares of NetIQ common stock will be issued pursuant to
the merger.
In lieu of the issuance of any fractional shares of NetIQ common
stock, WebTrends shareholders will receive cash equal to the product of such
fractional share amount, after aggregating all fractional shares to which a
former holder of WebTrends common stock would be entitled, and the average
closing price of NetIQ common stock as reported on the Nasdaq National Market
for the five trading days immediately preceding the effectiveness of the
merger.
Options to purchase shares of WebTrends common stock will be converted
into options to purchase shares of NetIQ common stock after completion of the
merger.
The number of shares covered by, and the exercise price for, each
option will be adjusted using the merger exchange ratio of 0.48 shares of NetIQ
for each share of WebTrends.


Material U.S. federal income tax consequences

   The following are the material U.S. federal income tax consequences of the
merger.
This discussion is based on the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended, applicable Treasury regulations, administrative interpretations and
court decisions as in effect as of the date of this joint proxy
statement/prospectus, all of which may change, possibly with retroactive
effect.

   
This discussion only addresses shares of WebTrends common stock held as
capital assets.
It does not address all aspects of federal income taxation that
may be important to a WebTrends shareholder in light of that shareholder's
particular circumstances or to a WebTrends shareholder subject to special
rules, such as:

  .
a shareholder who is not a citizen or resident of the United States;

  .
a financial institution or insurance company;

  .
a tax-exempt organization;

  .
a dealer or broker in securities;

  .
a shareholder that holds WebTrends common stock as part of a hedge,
    appreciated financial position, straddle or conversion transaction; or

  .
a shareholder who acquired WebTrends common stock pursuant to the
    exercise of options or otherwise as compensation.

   
Tax Opinions.
NetIQ has received an opinion of Davis Polk & Wardwell, and
WebTrends has received an opinion of Perkins Coie LLP, each dated as of the
date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus, that the merger will be treated
for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a reorganization within the meaning of
Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code and that NetIQ, its merger
subsidiary and WebTrends will each be a party to that reorganization within the
meaning of Section 368(b) of the Internal Revenue Code.
It is a condition to
the obligation of each of NetIQ and WebTrends to complete the merger that the
relevant tax counsel confirm its opinion as of the closing date.
Neither NetIQ
nor WebTrends intends to waive this condition.

   
The opinions of tax counsel regarding the merger have relied, and the
confirmation opinions regarding the merger as of the closing date (the "closing
date opinions") will each rely, on (1) representations and covenants made by
NetIQ and WebTrends, including those contained in certificates of officers of
NetIQ and WebTrends, and (2) specified assumptions, including an assumption
regarding the completion of the merger in the manner contemplated by the merger
agreement.
In addition, the opinions of tax counsel have assumed, and tax
counsel's ability to provide the closing date opinions will depend on, the
absence of changes in existing facts or in law between the date of this joint
proxy statement/prospectus and the closing date.
If any of those
representations, covenants or assumptions is inaccurate, either or both tax
counsel may not be able to provide the required closing date opinions or the
tax consequences of the merger could differ from those described in the
opinions that tax counsel have delivered.
Tax counsel's opinions neither bind
the Internal Revenue Service nor preclude the IRS or the courts from adopting a
contrary position.
Neither NetIQ nor WebTrends intends to obtain a ruling from
the IRS on the tax consequences of the merger.

   
U.S. Federal Income Tax Treatment of the Merger.
The merger will be treated
for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a reorganization within the meaning of
Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code, and NetIQ, its merger subsidiary
and WebTrends will each be a party to that reorganization within the meaning of
Section 368(b) of the Internal Revenue Code.
Neither NetIQ, its merger
subsidiary nor WebTrends will recognize any gain or loss for U.S. federal
income tax purposes as a result of the merger.

   
U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences to WebTrends Shareholders
Who
Participate in the Merger.
For U.S. federal income tax purposes:

  .
A holder of WebTrends common stock will not recognize any gain or loss
    upon its exchange of shares of WebTrends common stock for shares of NetIQ
    common stock;

  .
If a holder of WebTrends common stock receives cash instead of a
    fractional share of NetIQ common stock, the holder will be required to
    recognize gain or loss, measured by the difference between the amount of
    cash received instead of that fractional share and the portion of the tax
    basis of that holder's shares of WebTrends common stock allocable to that
    fractional share.
This gain or loss will be capital gain or loss, and
    will be long-term capital gain or loss if the share of WebTrends common
    stock exchanged for that fractional share of NetIQ common stock was held
    for more than one year at the effective time of the merger;

  .
A holder of WebTrends common stock will have a tax basis in the NetIQ
    common stock received in the merger equal to (1) the tax basis of the
    WebTrends common stock surrendered by that holder in the merger, less (2)
    any tax basis of the WebTrends common stock surrendered that is allocable
    to any fractional share of NetIQ common stock for which cash is received;
    and

  .
The holding period for shares of NetIQ common stock received in exchange
    for shares of WebTrends common stock in the merger will include the
    holding period for the shares of WebTrends common stock surrendered in
    the merger.

   
U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences to NetIQ Shareholders.
For U.S. federal
income tax purposes, holders of NetIQ common stock will not recognize gain or
loss as a result of the merger.

   
This discussion of material U.S. federal income tax consequences is not a
complete analysis or description of all potential U.S. federal income tax
consequences of the merger.
This discussion does not address tax consequences
that may vary with, or are contingent on, individual circumstances.
In
addition, it does not address any non-income tax or any foreign, state or local
tax consequences of the merger.
Accordingly, we strongly urge the WebTrends
shareholders to consult their own tax advisors to determine the particular U.S.
federal, state or local or foreign income or other tax consequences of the
merger to such shareholder.


Accounting treatment of the merger

   The acquisition will be accounted for using the purchase method of
accounting.
The purchase price will be allocated to assets and liabilities of
WebTrends and such assets and liabilities will be recorded at their respective
fair values upon completion of the merger.
A portion of the purchase price may
be identified as in-process research and development.
This amount, if any, will
be charged to NetIQ's operations in the quarter the merger is completed and the
acquisition accounting and valuation amounts are finalized.
Furthermore, a
portion of the purchase price equal to the intrinsic value of the unvested
options assumed in the merger will be allocated to deferred stock-based
compensation, which will be amortized over the remaining vesting period of
these options.
The remaining purchase price will be reflected as goodwill and
other intangible assets.
Currently, accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States require that all intangible assets, including goodwill, be
amortized over the useful lives of such assets.
However, if current FASB
proposals become effective, certain intangible assets, including goodwill, will
be maintained on the balance sheet rather than being amortized, although they
may eventually be written down to the extent that they are deemed to be
impaired.
The results of operations and cashflows of WebTrends will be included
in NetIQ's financial statements prospectively as of the consummation of the
merger.


Regulatory filings and approvals required to complete the merger

   U.S. Antitrust.
Under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of
1976, or the HSR Act, and the related rules, the merger may not be completed
until NetIQ, WebTrends and certain shareholders of WebTrends notify and furnish
information to the Federal Trade Commission and the Antitrust Division of the
United States Department of Justice and specified waiting period requirements
have been satisfied.
In connection with the merger, on January 26, 2001, NetIQ,
WebTrends and certain shareholders of WebTrends each filed with the FTC and the
Antitrust Division the required notification and report forms under the HSR
Act.
The applicable waiting period under the HSR Act relating to the merger is
scheduled to expire on February 25, 2001, unless the FTC or the Antitrust
Division grants the parties request for earlier termination of the waiting
period or requests further information regarding the merger.

   
At any time before or after the completion of the merger, either the
Antitrust Division or the FTC could take any action under U.S. antitrust laws
as it deems necessary or desirable in the public interest, including seeking to
enjoin the completion of the merger or seeking the divestiture of substantial
assets of NetIQ or WebTrends.
Private parties and state attorneys general may
also bring actions under U.S. antitrust laws depending on the circumstances.

Although we believe that the merger is legal under U.S. antitrust laws, we can
give no assurance that a challenge to the merger on antitrust grounds will not
be made or, if this challenge is made, that it would not be successful.

   
Other Laws.
NetIQ and WebTrends conduct operations in a number of other
jurisdictions where regulatory filings, notifications or approvals with
applicable commissions and other authorities may be required or advisable in
connection with completion of the merger.
NetIQ and WebTrends are currently
reviewing whether other filings or approvals may be required or desirable in
these other jurisdictions.
We recognize that some of these filings may not be
completed before the closing, and that some of these approvals, which are not
required to be obtained prior to effectiveness of a merger, may also not be
obtained before the closing of the merger.

   
General.
It is possible that governmental entities having jurisdiction over
NetIQ and WebTrends may seek regulatory concessions as conditions for granting
approval of the merger.
A regulatory body's approval may contain terms or
impose conditions or restrictions relating or applying to, or requiring changes
in or limitations on, the operation or ownership of any asset or business of
NetIQ, WebTrends or any of their subsidiaries, or NetIQ's ownership of
WebTrends, or requiring asset divestitures, which conditional approval could
reasonably be expected to result in a substantial detriment to NetIQ, WebTrends
and their subsidiaries, taken as a whole, after the closing.
If such an
approval requires these kinds of restrictions, conditions, changes, limitations
or divestitures, either NetIQ or WebTrends can decline to close under the
merger agreement.
We

can give no assurance that the required regulatory approvals will be obtained
on terms that satisfy the conditions to closing of the merger or are within the
time frame contemplated by NetIQ and WebTrends.
See "The Merger Agreement--
Principal Conditions to Completion of the Merger.
"

No dissenters' rights

   WebTrends' shareholders will not have dissenters' rights of appraisal under
Oregon law with respect to the merger because WebTrends' common stock is traded
on the Nasdaq National Market.

   
NetIQ's stockholders will not have appraisal rights under Delaware law with
respect to the merger because:

  .
NetIQ's common stock is traded on the Nasdaq National Market; and

  .
NetIQ stockholders will continue to hold their shares after the merger.


Listing on Nasdaq of NetIQ common stock to be issued in the merger

   NetIQ has agreed to cause the shares of common stock to be issued in the
merger to be listed for trading on the Nasdaq National Market.


Delisting and deregistration of WebTrends common stock after the merger

   If the merger is completed, WebTrends' common stock will be delisted from
the Nasdaq National Market and will be deregistered under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934.

                              
THE MERGER AGREEMENT

General

   The merger agreement contemplates the merger of North Acquisition
Corporation, a subsidiary of NetIQ, with and into WebTrends, with WebTrends
surviving the merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary of NetIQ.
The merger will
become effective at the effective time in accordance with the articles of
merger to be filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Oregon.
We
anticipate that we will make these filings as soon as practicable after the
last of the conditions precedent to the merger, as set forth in the merger
agreement, has been satisfied or waived.
The merger agreement obligates NetIQ
to have the shares of NetIQ common stock to be issued in connection with the
merger listed for trading on the Nasdaq National Market.
The following
description of the merger agreement may not contain all the information about
it that is important to you.
We thus encourage you to refer to the agreement
itself, which we attach as Annex A and incorporate by reference.


Merger Consideration

   At the effective time of the merger, each issued and outstanding share of
WebTrends common stock will be converted into the right to receive 0.48 shares
of NetIQ common stock.
Cash will be paid in lieu of any fractional shares of
NetIQ common stock that would otherwise be issuable.


Exchange of Shares

   Subject to the terms and conditions of the merger agreement, NetIQ will
deposit with an exchange agent designated by NetIQ and reasonably acceptable to
WebTrends certificates representing the shares of NetIQ common stock issuable
upon conversion of the outstanding shares of WebTrends common stock and will
from time to time deposit cash in an amount required to be paid for fractional
shares of NetIQ common stock and dividends and other distributions on the
shares of NetIQ common stock.
As promptly as practicable after the effective
time of the merger, NetIQ will cause the exchange agent to send, to each holder
of WebTrends common stock a letter of transmittal and instructions.
Thereafter,
holders of shares of WebTrends common stock may surrender their certificates to
the exchange agent, together with a duly executed letter of transmittal.
In
exchange for the share certificates, holders will receive NetIQ common stock
certificates representing the number of shares as described under "--Merger
Consideration."
Holders of unexchanged shares of WebTrends common stock will
not be entitled to receive any dividends or other distributions payable by
NetIQ with respect to those shares of NetIQ common stock until the applicable
WebTrends certificate is surrendered.
Upon surrender and subject to applicable
laws, however, those holders will receive accumulated dividends and
distributions, without interest, together with cash in lieu of fractional
shares.

   
NetIQ will not issue fractional shares of common stock in the merger.
For
each fractional share that would otherwise be issued, the exchange agent will
pay the holder an amount equal to the fractional part of a share of NetIQ
common stock multiplied by the average closing NetIQ stock price on the five
trading days immediately preceding the effective time of the merger.


Stock Options

   At the effective time of the merger, each outstanding option to purchase
WebTrends common stock, regardless of the extent vested and exercisable, shall
be deemed to constitute an option to acquire, on the same terms and conditions
as were applicable under the WebTrends stock option, the same number of shares
of NetIQ common stock as the holder of the WebTrends option would have been
entitled to receive pursuant to the merger agreement, had the holder exercised
the WebTrends option in full immediately prior to the effective time of the
merger, rounded down to the nearest whole number.
The price per share shall
equal:

  .
the aggregate exercise price for the WebTrends common stock otherwise
    purchasable pursuant to the WebTrends option, divided by

  .
the aggregate number of full shares of NetIQ common stock deemed
    purchasable pursuant to the WebTrends option in accordance with the
    foregoing.

   
NetIQ has agreed to take all action necessary to implement the above,
including the reservation, issuance and listing of a sufficient number of
shares of NetIQ common stock for delivery upon exercise of these assumed
options.
NetIQ shall cause the NetIQ common stock issuable upon exercise of
these options to be covered by a registration statement and maintain its
effectiveness for so long as the options remain outstanding.


NetIQ Board and Management

   NetIQ has agreed to take the necessary corporate action so that, as of the
effective time of the merger:

  .
Elijahu Shapira, the current Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of
    WebTrends, will become Chief Strategy Officer and a member of the board
    of directors of NetIQ.

  .
W. Glen Boyd, current President and Chief Technical Officer of WebTrends,
    will become Chief Information Officer of NetIQ.


Representations and Warranties

   The merger agreement contains a number of representations and warranties of
NetIQ and WebTrends as to, among other things, due incorporation and valid
existence, corporate authority and required shareholder approvals to enter into
the contemplated transactions, required consents and filings with government
entities, absence of conflicts with organizational documents and material
agreements, capitalization, ownership of subsidiaries, reports filed with the
SEC, financial statements, information supplied for use in this document,
material contracts, material changes or events, undisclosed liabilities,
compliance with laws, litigation, finder's fees, opinion of financial advisor,
tax matters, environmental matters and intellectual property.
Representations
and warranties made solely by WebTrends relate to particular employee benefits
and the inapplicability of state takeover statutes to the merger.

   
Many of these representations and warranties are qualified by the absence of
a material adverse effect, which, for purposes of the merger agreement, means
with respect to NetIQ or WebTrends, as the case may be, a material adverse
effect on the condition (financial or otherwise), business, assets or results
of operations of such party and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, other than
a decline in stock price.

   
The representations and warranties in the merger agreement do not survive
the effective time of the merger.


Principal Covenants

   Interim Operations of NetIQ and WebTrends.
Each of NetIQ and WebTrends has
undertaken a separate covenant that places restrictions on it and its
subsidiaries until either the effective time or termination of the merger
agreement.
In general, NetIQ and its subsidiaries and WebTrends and its
subsidiaries are required to conduct their business in the ordinary course
consistent with past practice and to preserve intact their present business
organizations and relationships with third parties.

   
Each company has also agreed to some specific restrictions that are subject
to exceptions described in the merger agreement.
These restrictions include:

  .
amending its organizational documents;

  .
entering into certain significant transactions, such as a merger,
    consolidation or material acquisition or disposition; and

  .
taking any action that would make any representation and warranty
    inaccurate in any respect.

   
NetIQ and WebTrends have agreed to cooperate with each other and take
actions and do all things necessary or advisable under the merger agreement and
applicable laws to complete the merger and the other transactions contemplated
by the merger agreement.

   
No Solicitation by WebTrends.
WebTrends has agreed that it and its
subsidiaries and their officers, directors, employees, investment bankers,
attorneys, accountants, consultants or other agents or advisors will not take
action to solicit or encourage an offer for an alternative acquisition
transaction involving WebTrends of a nature defined in the merger agreement.

   
Restricted actions include engaging in any discussions or negotiations with
any potential bidder, disclosing any nonpublic information relating to
WebTrends or any of its subsidiaries or affording access to their properties,
books or records to any potential bidder, granting any waiver or release under
any standstill or similar agreement with respect to any class of WebTrends'
equity securities, or entering into any agreement with respect to any
acquisition proposal, other than in the manner contemplated below.

   
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the restricted actions described in the
previous paragraph are permitted in response to an unsolicited bona fide offer
so long as, before doing so: (1) the WebTrends' board of directors determines
in good faith by a majority vote, after consulting with its financial advisor
and taking into account all the terms and conditions of the offer, that the
offer is a superior proposal, which is defined in the merger agreement to mean
any bona fide, unsolicited written acquisition proposal for over 51% of the
outstanding WebTrends common shares or a sale of WebTrends assets representing
over 51% of the value of the business on terms that are more favorable and
provide greater value to WebTrends' shareholders than the merger; (2) WebTrends
has otherwise complied with the "no solicitation" restrictions discussed above,
as well as with the notice requirement specified below; and (3) WebTrends'
board of directors determines in good faith by a majority vote after
consultation with its outside legal counsel, that it must take the action in
order to comply with its fiduciary duties under applicable law.
In addition,
before providing non-public information, WebTrends must receive from the person
making the offer an executed confidentiality agreement on terms no less
favorable to WebTrends that those in the existing confidentiality agreement
between NetIQ and WebTrends.
In addition, WebTrends may not enter into any
agreement with respect to any third party offer without first complying with
the further restrictions discussed below.

   
WebTrends must keep NetIQ informed of the identity of any potential bidder
and the terms and status of any offer.
WebTrends also agreed to terminate any
discussions or negotiations with any person pending before January 16, 2001.

   
WebTrends Board's Covenant to Recommend.
The WebTrends board of directors
has agreed to recommend the approval and adoption of the merger to WebTrends'
shareholders.
The board, however, can withdraw, or modify in a manner adverse
to NetIQ, its recommendation if: (1) WebTrends has otherwise complied with the
no solicitation restrictions discussed above under "--No Solicitation by
WebTrends;" (2) a superior proposal is pending at the time; (3) the board
determines in good faith by a majority vote, after consultation with its
outside legal counsel, that it must take the action to comply with its
fiduciary duties to its shareholders; and (4) it delivers prior written notice
to NetIQ that it intends to take this action.

   
NetIQ may terminate the merger agreement if WebTrends' board of directors
fails to make or withdraws its recommendation to WebTrends shareholders in
favor of the merger with NetIQ or if it fails to call the meeting of its
shareholders.
The circumstances in which the merger agreement may be terminated
are described more fully below under the heading "--Termination."

   Indemnification and Insurance.
These provisions of the merger agreement are
discussed above under the heading "Interests of Certain Persons in the Merger--
Indemnification and Insurance.
"

   Benefits Continuation.
NetIQ has agreed that it will provide, for employees
of WebTrends and its subsidiaries, benefits under employee benefits plans that
are substantially comparable in the aggregate to those currently provided by
NetIQ to its similarly situated employees.
In addition, NetIQ has agreed to
certain employee benefit matters and arrangements including those described
under "Interests of Certain Persons in the Merger--Other Employee Benefits.
"

   Certain Other Covenants.
The merger agreement contains additional mutual
covenants, including covenants relating to preparation and distribution of this
document, cooperation regarding filings with governmental and other agencies
and organizations and obtaining any governmental or third-party consents or
approvals, public announcements, further assurances, access to information,
mutual notification of particular events, confidential treatment of non-public
information and coordination of stockholders' meetings and actions to be taken
so as not to jeopardize the intended tax or accounting treatment of the merger.


Principal Conditions to Completion of the Merger

   Mutual Closing Conditions.
Each party's obligation to complete the merger is
subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions:

  .
approval by the holders of common stock of NetIQ and WebTrends;

  .
expiration of the HSR Act waiting period;

  .
absence of legal prohibitions or restrictions on completion of the
    merger;

  .
NetIQ's registration statement on Form S-4, which includes this joint
    proxy statement/prospectus, being effective and not subject to any SEC
    stop order;

  .
receipt by each party of an opinion of its counsel that the merger will
    qualify as a reorganization for U.S. federal income tax purposes;

  .
accuracy as of the effective time of the representations and warranties
    made by the other party to the extent specified in the merger agreement;
    and

  .
performance in all material respects by the other party of the
    obligations required to be performed by it at or prior to closing.

   
Additional Closing Conditions for NetIQ's Benefit.
The obligation of NetIQ
and North Acquisition Corporation to complete the merger is subject to the
satisfaction of the following additional condition:

  .
the employment agreements as described under "Interests of Certain
    Persons in the Merger--Other Employee Benefits" shall remain in full
    force and effect.

   
Additional Closing Conditions for WebTrends' Benefit.
The obligation of
WebTrends to effect the merger is subject to the satisfaction of the following
additional condition:

  .
listing on the Nasdaq National Market of the NetIQ common stock to be
    issued in the merger.


Termination

   The merger agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the effective
time of the merger, whether before or after approval of the matters presented
in connection with the merger by the NetIQ stockholders or the WebTrends
shareholders, in any of the following ways:

   (a) by mutual written consent of NetIQ and WebTrends,

   (b) by either NetIQ or WebTrends if:

    .
the merger has not been completed by June 30, 2001, provided that
      neither NetIQ nor WebTrends can terminate the merger agreement under
      this clause if its breach of any obligation under the merger agreement
      has resulted in the failure of the merger to occur on or before that
      date;

    .
NetIQ stockholders or WebTrends shareholders fail to give the
      necessary approval at a duly-held meeting;

    .
there is a permanent legal prohibition to completing the merger; or

    .
a breach of or failure to perform any representation, warranty,
      covenant or agreement on the part of the other party set forth in the
      merger agreement has occurred that would cause the inaccuracy as of
      the effective time of the representations and warranties made by the
      other party to the extent specified in the merger agreement or the
      failure in the performance in all material respects by the other party
      of the obligations required to be performed by it at or prior to
      closing, and the incapacity to correct the inaccuracy or remedy the
      failure by June 30, 2001;

   (c) by NetIQ, if (1) WebTrends' board of directors has failed to recommend,
or has withdrawn or modified in a manner adverse to NetIQ, its approval or
recommendation of, the merger, or has recommended, or entered into, or
publicly announced its intention to enter into a definitive agreement or
agreement in principle as to any other acquisition proposal to the WebTrends
shareholders, or (2) WebTrends has willfully and materially breached the
covenants described under "--Principal Covenants--No Solicitation by
WebTrends" and "--WebTrends Board's Covenant to Recommend.
"

   If the merger agreement is validly terminated, the agreement will become
void without any liability on the part of any party unless the party is in
willful breach thereof.
However, the provisions of the merger agreement
relating to expenses and termination fees, as well as the confidentiality
agreement entered into between NetIQ and WebTrends, will continue in effect
notwithstanding termination of the merger agreement.


Termination Fees Payable by WebTrends

   WebTrends has agreed to pay NetIQ $41.0 million in cash in the following
termination circumstances:

  .
NetIQ terminates the merger agreement as described in paragraph (c) under
    "--Termination" above and at the time of such termination a third party
    has proposed a transaction to acquire at least 20% of WebTrends equity
    interests or assets (an "alternative proposal"); or

  .
either NetIQ or WebTrends terminates the merger agreement in
    circumstances where WebTrends' shareholders do not vote in favor of the
    merger or the merger has not been consummated by June 30, 2001 and a
    third party has publicly announced an alternative proposal;

provided, in either of the cases described above, WebTrends completes a
transaction in which a third party acquires at least 50% of WebTrends equity
interests or assets with twelve months of the termination of the merger
agreement.


Other Expenses

   All costs and expenses incurred in connection with the merger agreement and
the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, other than termination
fees payable upon termination under "--Termination Fees Payable by WebTrends,"
will be paid by the party incurring the expenses, whether or not the merger is
consummated, except that NetIQ and WebTrends have agreed to share equally
expenses (other than attorney's and accountant's fees) incurred in the
printing and filing of this joint proxy statement/prospectus and the
registration statement of which it is part and filings under the HSR Act.

NetIQ estimates that its merger-related fees and expenses, consisting
primarily of SEC filing fees, fees and expenses of investment banks, attorneys
and accountants, and financial printing and other related charges, will total
approximately $13.0 million if we complete the merger.
WebTrends estimates
that its merger-related fees and expenses, consisting primarily of fees and
expenses of investment banks, attorneys and accountants, and financial
printing and other related charges, will total approximately $8.0 million if
the merger is completed.

Amendments; Waivers

   Any provision of the merger agreement may be amended or waived prior to
closing if the amendment or waiver is in writing and signed, in the case of an
amendment, by WebTrends, NetIQ and the North Acquisition Corporation or, in the
case of a waiver, by the party against whom the waiver is to be effective.

After approval of the merger agreement by WebTrends shareholders, no amendment
or waiver that by law requires further approval by shareholders may be made
without such further approval.

                        
AGREEMENTS RELATED TO THE MERGER

Voting Agreement

   General.
As an inducement to NetIQ to enter into the merger agreement,
Elijahu Shapira, W. Glen Boyd and Michael Burmeister-Brown, members of the
WebTrends board of directors, entered into a voting agreement with NetIQ dated
as of January 16, 2001.
As of the record date for the WebTrends special
meeting, these shareholders owned approximately 30% of the outstanding
WebTrends common stock.
The voting agreement does not apply to shares of
WebTrends common stock held as of the date of the voting agreement by trusts or
charitable foundations created by Messrs. Shapira and Boyd.
The following
summary of the voting agreement is qualified by reference to the complete text
of the agreement, which is incorporated by reference and attached as Annex B to
this joint proxy statement/prospectus.
You are encouraged to read the voting
agreement.

   
Voting and Proxies.
Pursuant to the voting agreement, the shareholders have
agreed, among other things, to vote all shares of WebTrends common stock owned
or subsequently acquired by them to approve and adopt the merger agreement and
each other action or agreement related to the merger agreement.
The
shareholders have revoked any and all previous proxies, and granted an
irrevocable proxy appointing NetIQ as their attorney-in-fact and proxy, with
full power to vote their shares.
The proxy granted to NetIQ by the shareholders
will be revoked only upon termination of the voting agreement or to the extent
required to enable Messrs. Shapira, Boyd or Burmeister-Brown to engage in sales
of WebTrends common stock prior to the effective time of the merger described
under the sub-heading "Other Provisions," below.

   
Other Provisions.
The voting agreement provides that the shareholders will
not, among other things, without the prior written consent of NetIQ, directly
or indirectly,

  .
grant any proxies or enter into any voting trust or other agreement or
    arrangement with respect to the voting of any of their shares of
    WebTrends common stock, or

  .
sell or transfer, directly or indirectly, any of their WebTrends common
    shares during the term of the voting agreement except for the sale or
    transfer of up to 300,000 shares of WebTrends common stock by each of
    Messrs. Shapira and Boyd and 64,000 shares of WebTrends common stock by
    Mr. Burmeister-Brown.

   
In addition, the shareholders agreed not to, and not to authorize or
knowingly permit any investment bankers, attorneys, accountants, consultants
and other agents or advisors of the shareholders to, directly or indirectly,
act in any manner contrary to the obligations of WebTrends under the merger
agreement described under the heading, "The Merger Agreement--Principal
Covenants--No Solicitation by WebTrends.
"

   The voting agreement terminates upon termination of the merger agreement.


Employment Agreements

   Each of Elijahu Shapira and W. Glen Boyd have entered into an employment
agreement with NetIQ.
See "The Merger--Interests of Certain Persons.
"

                     MARKET PRICE AND DIVIDEND INFORMATION

   WebTrends common stock has been traded on the Nasdaq National Market under
the symbol "WEBT" since February 19, 1999, the date of WebTrends' initial
public offering.
NetIQ common stock has been traded on the Nasdaq National
Market under the symbol "NTIQ" since July 30, 1999, the date of NetIQ's initial
public offering.
Prior to such dates, there was no established public trading
market for either company's common stock.
The following table sets forth for
the calendar periods indicated the quarterly high and low sale prices per share
of the last reported closing prices of WebTrends common stock and NetIQ common
stock as reported on the Nasdaq National Market.

                                                  
WebTrends         NetIQ
                                               ---------------
----------------
                                                High     Low     High     Low
                                               -------
------- -------- -------

1999:
  Third Quarter............................... $23.875 $14.688 $ 33.750 $14.938
  Fourth Quarter..............................  49.281  19.125   59.000  23.500
2000:
  First Quarter............................... $85.500 $32.875 $ 78.000 $51.000
  Second Quarter..............................  72.375  24.063   61.500  31.563
  Third Quarter...............................  44.250  28.000   67.938  42.000
  Fourth Quarter..............................  35.250  15.500  109.375  46.375
2001:
  First Quarter (through January 26)..........
$34.938  24.000 $ 80.250 $61.250

Recent Share Prices

   The table below presents the per share closing prices of WebTrends common
stock and NetIQ common stock on the Nasdaq National Market as of the dates
specified.
January 16, 2001, was the last trading date before announcement of
the merger.
The table also sets forth the equivalent per share price for
WebTrends common stock, which was determined by multiplying the closing prices
of the NetIQ common stock as of the specified dates by the exchange ratio of
0.48.
January 26, 2001, was the most recent practicable date before the date of
this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

                                                              
WebTrends
                                                                Common
                                                    WebTrends   Stock     NetIQ
                                                     Common   Equivalent Common
                                                      Stock     Value     Stock
                                                    ---------
---------- -------

January 16, 2001...................................  $32.875   $  36.00  $ 75.00
January 26, 2001...................................  $33.250   $ 33.780  $70.375

   Both WebTrends and NetIQ stockholders are advised to obtain current market
quotations for WebTrends common stock and NetIQ common stock.
No assurance can
be given as to the market prices of WebTrends common stock or NetIQ common
stock at any time before the consummation of merger or as to the market price
of NetIQ common stock at any time after merger.
Because the exchange ratio is
fixed, the exchange ratio will not be adjusted to compensate WebTrends
shareholders for decreases in the market price of NetIQ common stock which
could occur before the merger becomes effective.
In the event the market price
of NetIQ common stock decreases or increases prior to the consummation of
merger, the value of the NetIQ common stock to be received in the merger in
exchange for WebTrends common stock would correspondingly decrease or increase.


Dividends

   Neither WebTrends nor NetIQ has ever declared or paid cash dividends on its
capital stock.
Pursuant to the merger agreement, each of WebTrends and NetIQ
has agreed that no changes will be made with respect to

the payment of dividends, except that NetIQ may declare or pay a dividend so
long as WebTrends shareholders receive such dividends or the benefit of such
dividends by adjusting the exchange ratio.
If the merger is not consummated,
the WebTrends and NetIQ boards anticipate that they would continue their policy
of retaining all earnings to finance the expansion of their businesses.

WebTrends and NetIQ expect the combined company to retain all earnings for use
in the operation and expansion of its business and they do not anticipate NetIQ
will pay any cash dividends after the merger.

                     
UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED
                              FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

   
The following unaudited pro forma combined condensed consolidated financial
statements give effect to the proposed merger between NetIQ and WebTrends using
the purchase method of accounting for business combinations and to certain
other acquisitions of NetIQ and Mission Critical Software, Inc., or MCS, as
discussed below.

   
On January 16, 2001, NetIQ entered into an agreement to acquire WebTrends
for consideration preliminarily valued at $1.04 billion, consisting of: NetIQ
common stock valued at $915.0 million, options to purchase WebTrends common
stock valued at $112.8 million and estimated direct acquisition costs of
$13.0 million.
The estimated acquisition related costs consist primarily of
investment bank, legal and accounting fees and printing costs to be incurred
which are directly related to the acquisition.

   
The actual consideration for the acquisition of WebTrends cannot yet be
determined since the acquisition has not been completed.
There can be no
assurance that NetIQ and WebTrends will not incur additional charges related to
the merger or that management will be successful in its efforts to integrate
the operations of the two companies.
For the purpose of the following pro forma
financial information, the number of shares of NetIQ common stock assumed to be
issued in the acquisition of WebTrends is approximately 12.7 million.
This
amount is based on the number of shares of WebTrends common stock outstanding
as of January 16, 2001, the date of the merger agreement.
Similarly, the
estimated value of options to purchase NetIQ common stock to be issued in the
acquisition of WebTrends is based on the outstanding options to purchase shares
of WebTrends common stock as of January 16, 2001.
The actual number of shares
of NetIQ common stock and options to be issued will be based on the actual
outstanding shares of common stock and options of WebTrends as of the date of
completion of the merger.

   
The unaudited pro forma combined condensed consolidated financial
information includes adjustments to give effect to the following acquisitions
by NetIQ and MCS accounted for using the purchase method of accounting for
business combinations:

  .  
MCS by NetIQ;

  .  
Ganymede Software, Inc., or Ganymede, by MCS;

  .  
Sirana Software, Inc., or Sirana, by NetIQ; and

  .  
Software Realization, Inc., or SRI, by NetIQ.

   
On May 15, 2000, pursuant to a merger agreement, NetIQ acquired all
outstanding shares of MCS for approximately 18.8 million shares of common stock
valued at approximately $1.3 billion, assumed approximately 4.9 million options
valued at approximately $285.0 million and incurred approximately $10.0 million
of direct merger costs, for a total purchase price of approximately $1.6
billion.
MCS provided systems administration and operations management software
products for corporate and Internet-based Windows NT and Windows 2000 networks.

   
On March 10, 2000, MCS acquired all outstanding shares of Ganymede for
2,750,000 shares of common stock of MCS valued at $171.2 million and incurred
approximately $4.2 million of direct merger costs, for a total purchase price
of approximately $175.4 million.
Ganymede was a developer of network and
application performance management solutions.

   
On March 10, 2000, NetIQ acquired all outstanding shares of Sirana for
approximately 27,000 shares of common stock and cash valued at approximately
$2.5 million and incurred approximately $200,000 of direct merger costs, for a
total purchase price of approximately $2.7 million.
Sirana was a developer of
web-based enterprise analysis and reporting solutions for Microsoft BackOffice.

   
On July 17, 2000, NetIQ acquired all outstanding shares of SRI for cash of
approximately $745,000, assumed liabilities of approximately $528,000 and
incurred approximately $150,000 of direct merger costs, for a total purchase
price of approximately $1.4 million.
SRI was a professional services company
focused on delivering packaged training and development offerings.

   
The accompanying pro forma combined condensed consolidated financial
statements are presented in accordance with Article 11 of Regulation S-X.

   The unaudited pro forma combined condensed consolidated balance sheet
combines the unaudited historical condensed consolidated balance sheet of NetIQ
and the audited historical condensed consolidated balance sheet of WebTrends as
of December 31, 2000.
No adjustments were made to the NetIQ balance sheet for
the acquisitions of MCS, Ganymede, Sirana and SRI as these acquisitions were
consummated prior to December 31, 2000.

   
The unaudited pro forma combined condensed consolidated statements of
operations of NetIQ give effect to the transactions as if they had been
consummated at the beginning of the earliest period presented.
The unaudited
pro forma combined consolidated statement of operations of NetIQ for the fiscal
year ended June 30, 2000, includes the audited historical statements of
operations of NetIQ for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2000.
These results have
been adjusted to include the unaudited historical statement of operations of
MCS, Ganymede, and Sirana for the period from July 1, 1999, to the date of the
acquisition as well as the unaudited historical statement of operations of SRI
for the year ended June 30, 2000.
These adjusted results are combined with the
unaudited historical statements of operations of WebTrends for the twelve
months ended June 30, 2000.

   
The unaudited pro forma combined consolidated statement of operations of
NetIQ for the six months ended December 31, 2000, has been adjusted to include
the unaudited historical statement of operations of SRI for the period from
July 1, 2000, to the date of the acquisition, and combines these results with
the unaudited historical statement of operations of WebTrends for the six
months ended December 31, 2000.

   
The pro forma information is presented for illustrative purposes only and is
not necessarily indicative of the operating results or financial position that
would have occurred if the merger had been consummated at the beginning of the
earliest period presented, nor is it necessarily indicative of future operating
results or financial position.
The pro forma adjustments are based upon
information and assumptions available at the time of the filing of this
document.
The pro forma information should be read in conjunction with the
accompanying notes thereto and with NetIQ's and WebTrends' historical financial
statements and related notes thereto, incorporated by reference in this joint
proxy statement/prospectus.

                     
UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED
                                 BALANCE SHEET
                            AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2000
                                 (in thousands)

                                                         Pro Forma  Total Pro
                                 Historical  Historical Adjustments   Forma
                                   NetIQ     WebTrends      (A)      
Combined
                                 ----------  
---------- -----------
----------

ASSETS
Current assets:
  Cash and cash equivalents..... $   97,844   $ 13,805   $     --   $  111,649
  Short-term investments........    250,570     72,195         --      322,765
  Accounts receivable, net......     
26,399     15,345         --       41,744
  Prepaid expenses..............        953      1,350         --        2,303
                                 ----------   --------   --------   ----------
    Total current assets........    
375,766    102,695         --      478,461
                                 ----------   --------   --------   ----------
Property and equipment, net.....     40,030      9,889         --       49,919
Goodwill and other intangible
 assets.........................  1,121,437      1,517    900,953    2,023,907
Other assets....................        903      6,378         --        7,281
                                 ----------   --------   --------   ----------
Total assets.................... $1,538,136   $120,479   $900,953   $2,559,568
                                 ==========   ========   ========   ==========
LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS'
 EQUITY
Current liabilities:
  Accounts payable.............. $    4,522   $  3,502   $     --   $    8,024
  Accrued compensation and
   related benefits.............     11,034      4,198         --       15,232
  Other liabilities.............      9,513      3,668     21,000       34,181
  Deferred revenue..............     21,988     11,506     (1,500)      31,994
                                 ----------   --------   --------   ----------
    Total current liabilities...     47,057     22,874     19,500       89,431
                                 ----------   --------   --------   ----------
Stockholders' equity:
 Common stock...................  
1,785,797     85,642    942,500    2,813,939
 Deferred stock-based
  compensation..................       (937)      (224)   (48,860)     (50,021)
 Accumulated deficit............   (294,371)    12,201    (12,201)    (294,371)
 Accumulated other comprehensive
  income........................        590        (14)        14          590
                                 ----------   --------   --------   ----------
    Total stockholders' equity..  1,491,079     97,605    881,453    2,470,137
                                 ----------   --------   --------   ----------
Total liabilities and
 stockholders' equity........... $1,538,136   $120,479   $900,953   $2,559,568
                                 ==========   ========   ========   ==========

                     UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED
                            STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS
                            YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2000
                     (in thousands, except per share data)

                                                      Pro Forma
                                       Historical    Adjustments
                                      MCS, Ganymede MCS, Ganymede     NetIQ                                Total
                          Historical     Sirana        Sirana       Pro Forma  Historical  Pro Forma     Pro Forma
                            NetIQ      and SRI (B)     and SRI      Combined   WebTrends  Adjustments     Combined
                          ----------  -------------
-------------   ---------  
---------- -----------    ----------

Software license
 revenue................  $  37,235      $36,714      $      --     $  73,949   $29,776    $      --     $  103,725
Service revenue.........     
10,685       11,505             --        22,190     6,836           --         29,026
                          ---------      -------      ---------     ---------   -------    ---------     ----------
  Total revenue.........     47,920       48,219             --        96,139    36,612           --        132,751
                          ---------      -------      ---------     
---------   -------    ---------     ----------
Cost of software license
 revenue................        800          532             --         1,332     1,072           --          2,404
Cost of service
 revenue................      2,217        2,554             --         4,771     2,539           --          7,310
                          ---------      
-------      ---------     
---------   -------    ---------     ----------
  Total cost of
   revenue..............      3,017        3,086             --         6,103     3,611           --          9,714
                          ---------      -------      ---------     ---------   -------    ---------     ----------
Gross profit............     44,903       45,133             --        90,036    33,001           --        123,037
                          ---------      -------      ---------     ---------   -------    ---------     ----------
Operating expenses:
 Sales and marketing....     24,695       26,949             --        51,644    17,757           --         69,401
 Research and
  development...........     
10,109       12,179             --        22,288     6,377           --         28,665
 General and
  administration........      
4,761        8,885             --        13,646     5,023           --         18,669
 Stock-based
  compensation..........        696          728           (728)(D)       696       141       24,045 (F)     24,882
 Write-off of acquired
  in-process research
  and development
  costs.................     10,693                     (10,693)(I)        --        --           --             --
 Amortization of
  goodwill and
  intangibles...........     64,184        1,621       410,558 (C)    476,363        --      300,823 (G)    777,186
                          ---------      -------      ---------     ---------   -------    ---------     ----------
  Total operating
   expenses.............    115,138       50,362        399,137       564,637    29,298      324,868        918,803
                          ---------      -------      ---------     ---------   -------    ---------     ----------
Income (loss) from
 operations.............    (70,235)      (5,229)      (399,137)     (474,601)    3,703     (324,868)      (795,766)
                          ---------      
-------      ---------     
---------   -------    ---------     
----------
Interest income, net....      
7,307        5,961             --        13,268     4,741           --         18,009
Income taxes............      
2,400        1,122            600(J)      4,122     3,026           --          7,148
                          ---------      -------      ---------     ---------   -------    ---------     ----------
Net income (loss).......  $ (65,328)     $  (390)     $(399,737)    $(465,455)  $ 5,418    $(324,868)    $ (784,905)
                          =========      =======      =========     =========   =======    =========     ==========
Basic and diluted net
 loss per share.........  $   (3.59)                                $  (13.43)                           $   (16.57)
Shares used to compute
 basic and diluted net
 loss per share.........     18,189                      16,459 (E)    34,648                 12,708 (H)     47,356

Periods covered:
 NetIQ Year Ended June 30, 2000
 WebTrends Twelve Months Ended June 30, 2000
 MCS July 1, 1999-May 14, 2000 (pre-acquisition period)
 Ganymede July 1, 1999-March 9, 2000 (pre-acquisition period)
 Sirana July 1, 1999-March 9, 2000 (pre-acquisition period)
 SRI Year Ended June 30, 2000

                     UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED
                            STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS
                       SIX MONTHS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2000
                     (in thousands, except per share data)

                                                                             Total
                          Historical  Historical Historical  Pro Forma     Pro Forma
                            NetIQ        SRI     WebTrends  Adjustments    Combined
                          ----------  ----------
---------- -----------    ---------

Software license
 revenue................  $  53,593      $ --     $29,820    $      --     $  83,413
Service revenue.........     
16,589        19       7,552           --        24,160
                          ---------      
----     -------    ---------     
---------
 Total revenue..........     
70,182        19      37,372           --       107,573
                          ---------      
----     -------    ---------     
---------
Cost of software license
 revenue................        856        --       1,192           --         2,048
Cost of service
 revenue................      
3,318        62       3,338           --         6,718
                          ---------      
----     -------    ---------     
---------
 Total cost of revenue..      4,174        62       4,530           --         8,766
                          ---------      
----     -------    ---------     
---------
Gross profit............     
66,008       (43)     32,842           --        98,807
                          ---------      ----     
-------    ---------     ---------
Operating expenses:
 Sales and marketing....     
33,058        12      16,668           --        49,738
 Research and
  development...........     14,050        --       6,060           --        20,110
 General and
  administration........      
4,887        25       3,744           --         8,656
 Stock-based
  compensation..........        340        --          63        7,089 (F)     7,492
 Amortization of
  goodwill and
  intangibles...........    238,213        --          --      150,424 (G)   388,637
                          ---------      
----     -------    ---------     
---------
 Total operating
  expenses..............    
290,548        37      26,535      157,513       474,633
                          ---------      
----     -------    ---------     
---------
Income (loss) from
 operations.............   (224,540)      (80)      6,307     (157,513)     (375,826)
                          ---------      
----     -------    ---------     
---------
Interest income
 (expense), net.........     10,680        --       2,594           --        13,274
Income taxes............      7,240        --       3,366           --        10,606
                          ---------      
----     -------    ---------     ---------
Net income (loss).......  $(221,100)     $(80)    $ 5,535    $(157,513)    $(373,158)
                          
=========      ====     =======    =========     =========
Basic and diluted net
 loss per share.........  $   (5.83)                                       $   (7.37)
Shares used to compute
 basic and diluted net
 loss per share.........     
37,942                             12,708 (H)    50,650
Periods covered:
 NetIQ Six Months Ended
  December 31, 2000
 WebTrends Six Months
  Ended December 31,

 SRI July 1, 2000-July
  16, 2000 (pre-
  acquisition period)

                NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED
                              FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

PRO FORMA ADJUSTMENTS

   (A)
The following represents the allocations of the purchase prices over the
historical net book values of the acquired assets and assumed liabilities of
the combined business of WebTrends as of the date of the pro forma balance
sheet, and is for illustrative purposes only.
The actual purchase price
allocation will be based on fair values of the acquired assets and assumed
liabilities as of the actual acquisition dates.
Assuming the transaction
occurred on December 31, 2000, the allocation would have been as follows (in
thousands):

   Working capital.................................................. $   73,321
   Other non-current assets.........................................     16,267
   Deferred stock-based compensation................................     
49,084
   Goodwill and other intangible assets.............................    902,470
                                                                     ----------
   Purchase price................................................... $1,041,142
                                                                     ==========

   The purchase price reflects the accrual of direct costs arising from the
pending merger of NetIQ and WebTrends, estimated at approximately $13.0
million.
The adjustment also reflects the elimination of the equity of
WebTrends and the issuance of NetIQ shares and options.
The adjustment also
reflects a reduction in the WebTrends deferred revenue related to software
license revenue that has been deferred due to installation not being completed.

Lastly, the adjustment reflects an increase in the assumed liabilities of
WebTrends related to WebTrends' estimated cost arising from the pending merger
of approximately $8.0 million.

   (B)
These results include the following:

  .
MCS unaudited historical statement of operations for the period from July
    1, 1999 to May 14, 2000 (pre-acquisition period)

  .
Ganymede unaudited historical results of operations for the period from
    July 1, 1999 to March 9, 2000 (pre-acquisition period)

  .
Sirana unaudited historical results of operations for the period from
    July 1, 1999 to March 9, 2000 (preacquisition period)

  .
SRI unaudited historical results of operations for the year ended June
    30, 2000.

   
(C) The pro forma adjustment represents amortization of goodwill and other
intangible assets related to the MCS, Ganymede, Sirana and SRI business
combinations that would have been recorded during the year ended June 30, 2000.

   
(D)
The pro forma adjustment is based on the assumption that there would be
no deferred stock-based compensation for options issued by MCS, Ganymede,
Sirana and SRI for the year ended June 30, 2000.

   
(E) The pro forma adjustment reflects the weighted average effect of the
issuance of approximately 18.8 million shares in the acquisitions not otherwise
included in the historical NetIQ basic net loss per share calculation.
The
computation of diluted net loss per share excludes securities outstanding that
could potentially dilute basic earnings per share in the future, but were
excluded in the computation of diluted net loss per share in the periods
presented, as their effect would have been antidilutive.

   
(F) The pro forma adjustment represents the amortization of the intrinsic
value of unvested options assumed in the merger with WebTrends over their
remaining life during the year ended June 30, 2000, and the six months ended
December 31, 2000.

   
(G) The pro forma adjustment represents the amortization of goodwill and
other intangible assets (per the allocation in (A) above) that would have been
recorded during the year ended June 30, 2000, and the six months ended December
31, 2000.

   
The pro forma adjustment is based on the assumption that the entire amount
identified as goodwill and other intangible assets in NetIQ's acquisition of
WebTrends will be amortized on a straight-line basis over a three-year period.

NetIQ has not yet completed the valuation of the actual intangible assets
acquired.
When completed, certain amounts identified as intangible assets may
be amortized over periods other than the three-year period represented in the
pro forma statement of operations.
Additionally, a portion of the purchase
price may be identified as in-process research and development.
This amount,
if any, will be charged to operating results of NetIQ in the period the merger
is completed and the acquisition accounting and valuation amounts are
finalized.

   
(H) Reflects the issuance of approximately 12.7 million shares of NetIQ
common stock to WebTrends stockholders based on the number of WebTrends shares
outstanding as of January 16, 2001, the date of the merger agreement.
The
computation of diluted net loss per share excludes securities outstanding that
could potentially dilute basic earnings per share in the future, but were
excluded in the computation of diluted net loss per share in the periods
presented, as their effect would have been antidilutive.

   
(I)
This adjustment is to remove the effect of the in-process research and
development expense included in the historical results of operations of NetIQ
related to the acquisition of MCS.

   
(J) This pro-forma adjustment reflects the tax impact of the amortization
of identified intangible assets.

                       COMPARISON OF RIGHTS OF HOLDERS OF
                           WEBTRENDS COMMON STOCK AND
                               NETIQ COMMON STOCK

   This section of the joint proxy statement/prospectus describes certain
differences between WebTrends common stock and NetIQ common stock.
While we
believe that the description covers the material differences between the two,
this summary may not contain all of the information that is important to
WebTrends shareholders.
WebTrends shareholders should read this entire document
and the other documents referred to carefully, including the certificate of
incorporation and bylaws of NetIQ and the articles of incorporation and bylaws
of WebTrends and the relevant provisions of Oregon and Delaware corporate law,
for a more complete understanding of the differences between WebTrends common
stock and NetIQ common stock.

   
WebTrends' articles of incorporation, bylaws and Oregon law currently govern
the rights of shareholders of WebTrends.
After the completion of the merger,
WebTrends' shareholders will become stockholders of NetIQ.
As a result, former
WebTrends shareholders' rights will be governed by NetIQ's certificate of
incorporation, bylaws and Delaware law.
The following paragraphs summarize
certain differences between the rights of WebTrends shareholders and NetIQ
stockholders under the charter documents and bylaws of WebTrends and NetIQ and
under Oregon and Delaware law.


Power to Call Special Meetings of Shareholders

   Under Delaware law, a special meeting of stockholders may be called by the
board of directors or any other person as may be provided in the certificate of
incorporation or bylaws.
The NetIQ bylaws provide that special meetings of the
stockholders may be called at any time by the board of directors, the Chairman
of the Board, the President, the Chief Executive Officer or by one or more
stockholders holding shares in the aggregate entitled to cast not less than
fifty percent of the votes at that meeting.

   
Under Oregon law, a special meeting of shareholders may be called by the
board of directors or by any other person authorized to do so in the articles
of incorporation or the bylaws, or by written demand by the holders of at least
ten percent of all votes entitled to be cast on any issue proposed to be
considered at any such meeting.
The WebTrends bylaws provide that a special
meeting of shareholders may be called at any time by the board of directors,
the President, the Chairman of the Board, or by the holders of not less than
ten percent of the outstanding shares entitled to vote at the meeting.


Shareholder Action Without a Meeting

   Under Delaware law, unless otherwise provided in the certificate of
incorporation, any action which may be taken at a meeting of the stockholders
may be taken without a meeting and without prior notice if a consent in writing
is signed by the holders of outstanding shares having at least the minimum
number of votes that would be necessary to take such action at a meeting at
which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted.
However, the
NetIQ certificate specifically provides that no action shall be taken by the
stockholders except at an annual or special meeting called in accordance with
the bylaws.

   
Under Oregon law and the WebTrends bylaws, any action required or permitted
to be taken at a meeting of the shareholders may be taken without a meeting if
a consent in writing is signed by all shareholders entitled to vote on the
action.


Size of the Board of Directors

   Under Delaware law, the number of directors is fixed by, or in the manner
provided in, the bylaws, unless the certificate of incorporation fixes the
number of directors.
The NetIQ certificate provides that the number of
directors shall be designated in the bylaws.
The NetIQ bylaws authorize nine
directors.
NetIQ currently has six directors and the size of the board can be
changed by the board without a stockholder vote.

   
Under Oregon law, the number of directors may be fixed in either the
articles of incorporation or bylaws.
The board of directors or the shareholders
of an Oregon corporation may change the number of directors within the minimum
and maximum range if the articles of incorporation or bylaws establish a
variable range for the size of the board of directors.
If the articles of
incorporation establish a fixed or variable range, then, after shares are
issued, only the shareholders may change the range for the size of the board or
change from a fixed or variable-ranged size board by amendment to the
corporation's articles of incorporation.
The WebTrends bylaws currently provide
that WebTrends shall have not less than five nor more than seven directors with
the WebTrends board of directors having the right to set the specific number by
resolution.
Currently WebTrends has five directors.


Classification of the Board of Directors

   A classified board is one with respect to which a certain number of
directors, but not necessarily all, are elected on a rotating basis each year.

Delaware law permits, but does not require, a classified board of directors, in
which the directors can be divided into as many as three classes with staggered
terms of office, with only one class of directors standing for election each
year.
The NetIQ certificate and bylaws provide for three classes of directors
with staggered three-year terms.

   
If there are six or more directors, Oregon law permits, but does not
require, an Oregon corporation to provide in its articles of incorporation or
bylaws for a classified board of directors, in which the directors can be
divided into up to three classes of directors with staggered terms of office,
with only one class of directors standing for election each year.
The WebTrends
bylaws provide, in the event the number of directors is six or more, for three
classes of directors with staggered three-year terms; however, currently
WebTrends has five directors.


Special Meetings of the Board of Directors

   Under the NetIQ bylaws, meetings of NetIQ's board of directors may be called
by the Chairman of the Board, the President, any Vice President, the Secretary,
or any two directors.
Notice shall be given four days in advance if by mail,
and two days in advance if delivered personally, by telephone or by telegraph.

   
Oregon law provides that unless the articles of incorporation or bylaws set
forth a longer or shorter period, special meetings of a company's board of
directors must be preceded by at least two days' notice of the date, time and
place of the meeting.
The WebTrends bylaws stipulate that special meetings of
the board of directors may be called by the Chairman of the Board, the
President or by one-third of the directors then in office.
Notice shall be
given two days in advance if by mail, and one day if by personal delivery,
mail, telegraph, oral communication, facsimile or private courier.


Removal of Directors

   Under Delaware law, any director or the entire board of directors of a
corporation may be removed, with or without cause, with the approval of a
majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote at an election of
directors, except that unless the certificate provides otherwise, in the case
of a classified board, the directors can only be removed by the stockholders
for cause.
The NetIQ certificate provides that any director may be removed at
any time (1) with cause by an affirmative vote of the holders of at least a
majority of the voting power of all of the then-outstanding shares of the
voting stock, voting together as a single class; or (2) without cause by the
affirmative vote of the holders of at least sixty-six and two-thirds of the
voting power of the then-outstanding shares of voting stock.

   
Under Oregon law, any director of an Oregon corporation may be removed with
or without cause by the shareholders unless the articles of incorporation
provide that directors may only be removed for cause.
A director may be removed
only if the number of votes cast to remove the director exceed the votes cast
not to

remove the director.
Furthermore, a director may be removed by the shareholders
only at a meeting called for the purpose of removing the director and the
meeting notice must state that the purpose of the meeting is to remove a
director.
The WebTrends articles provide that the directors may only be removed
for cause.


Transactions Involving Officers or Directors

   Under Delaware law, any corporation may lend money to, or guarantee any
obligation of, or otherwise assist any officer or other employee of the
corporation, including any officer or employee who is also a director of the
corporation, whenever, in the judgment of the directors, such loan, guaranty or
assistance may reasonably be expected to benefit the corporation.
Furthermore,
under Delaware law, contracts or transactions between a corporation and either
any of its directors or a second corporation of which a director is also a
director, are not void or voidable if either:

  .
the material facts as to the transaction and as to the director's
    relationship or interest are disclosed or are known to the board of
    directors, a committee of the board of directors or the stockholders
    entitled to vote thereon, and the affirmative vote of a majority of the
    disinterested directors on the board or committee or a majority of the
    stockholders entitled to vote thereon, as applicable, approve or ratify
    the transaction in good faith; or

  .
the contract or transaction was fair to the corporation at the time it
    was authorized, approved or ratified.

   
An Oregon corporation may loan money to, or guarantee any obligation
incurred by, its directors only if either:

  .
the loan or guarantee is approved by a majority of the votes represented
    by the outstanding voting shares of all classes, voting as a single
    voting group, excluding the voting shares owned by or voted under the
    control of the benefited director; or

  .
the board of directors determines such loan or guarantee benefits the
    corporation and the board of directors either approves the loan or
    guarantee or a general plan authorizing the loans and guarantees.

   
With respect to any other contract or transaction between the corporation
and one or more of its directors, such transactions are not voidable if either:

  .
the material facts of the transaction and the director's interest are
    disclosed or made known to the board of directors, a committee of the
    board of directors or the shareholders of the corporation entitled to
    vote, and the transaction is approved or ratified by a majority of the
    disinterested directors or by the shareholders; or

  .
the contract or transaction is fair to the corporation.

   
Oregon law does not specifically regulate loans to officers or employees.


Limitation of Liability of Directors; Indemnification

   Under the NetIQ certificate of incorporation, directors are indemnified by
the corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of
fiduciary duty as a director to the fullest extent permissible under Delaware
law.
Delaware law generally permits indemnification of expenses, including
attorneys' fees, actually and reasonably incurred in the defense or settlement
of a derivative or third-party action, provided there is a determination by a
majority vote of disinterested directors, by a committee of directors
designated by a majority of the directors, by independent legal counsel in a
written opinion, or by the stockholders that the person seeking indemnification
acted in good faith and in a manner reasonably believed to be in best interests
of the corporation and, with respect to a criminal action, had no reasonable
cause to believe his conduct was unlawful.
Without court approval, however, no
indemnification may be made in respect of any derivative action in which such
person is adjudged liable to the corporation.
Delaware law requires
indemnification of expenses to the extent the individual being indemnified has
successfully defended any action, claim, issue or matter therein, on the merits
or otherwise.

   
Expenses incurred by an officer or director in defending any action may be
paid in advance, under Delaware law, if such director or officer undertakes to
repay such amounts if it is ultimately determined that he

or she is not entitled to indemnification.
In addition, Delaware law authorizes
a corporation's purchase of indemnity insurance for the benefit of its
officers, directors, employees and agents whether or not the corporation would
have the power to indemnify against the liability covered by the policy.

   
The indemnification and expense advancement provisions under Delaware law
described above are not exclusive of other rights of indemnification and
advancement that a director or officer may be granted by a corporation in its
bylaws, or by a stockholder vote or vote of disinterested directors, or by an
agreement or otherwise.

   
Under Oregon law, a corporation's articles of incorporation may set forth a
provision eliminating or limiting the personal liability of a director to the
corporation or its shareholders for monetary damages for conduct as a director.

However, such provisions may not eliminate or limit a director's liability for:

  .
any act or omission occurring prior to the date when such provision
    becomes effective;

  .
breaches of the director's duty of loyalty to the corporation or its
    shareholders;

  .
acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional
    misconduct or a knowing violation of the law;

  .
the payment of unlawful distributions; or

  .
any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal
    benefit.

   
Under Oregon law, a corporation may, subject to the limitations described
below, indemnify a director against liability incurred if the conduct was in
good faith, the individual reasonably believed the individual's conduct was in
the best interests of the corporation, or at least not opposed to its best
interests and, in the case of a criminal proceeding, the individual had no
reasonable cause to believe the conduct was unlawful.
Under Oregon law, a
director may not be indemnified in connection with a proceeding by or in the
right of the corporation in which the director was found liable to the
corporation or in connection with any other proceeding charging improper
personal benefit to the director in which the director was found liable on the
basis that personal benefit was improperly received.
The WebTrends articles
contain provisions eliminating a director's or officer's liability to the
fullest extent permitted by Oregon law.
Oregon law provides for mandatory
indemnification of directors when the indemnified party is wholly successful on
the merits or otherwise in the defense of any proceeding to which the director
was a party because of being a director.


Dividends and Repurchases of Shares

   Delaware law permits a corporation, subject to any restrictions contained in
its certificate of incorporation, to declare and pay dividends out of surplus
or, if there is no surplus, out of net profits for the fiscal year in which the
dividend is declared and/or for the preceding fiscal year.
However, the
directors of a corporation may not pay any dividends out of net profits if the
capital of the corporation has been diminished by depreciation in the value of
its property, or by losses, or otherwise, to an amount less than the aggregate
amount of capital represented by the issued and outstanding stock of all
classes having a preference upon the distribution of assets.
Capital is
determined by the board of directors and shall not be less than the aggregate
par value of the outstanding capital stock of the corporation having par value.

   
The NetIQ certificate of incorporation does not otherwise restrict the
ability of its board of directors to make distributions to its shareholders.

   
Oregon law permits a corporation, unless otherwise restricted by its
articles of incorporation, to make distributions to its shareholders, if both
of the following factors are, in the judgment of the directors, satisfied:

  .
the corporation would be able to pay its debts as they come due in the
    usual course of business; and

  .
the corporation's total assets would at least equal the sum of its total
    liabilities plus, unless the articles of incorporation permit otherwise,
    the amount that would be needed if the corporation were dissolved at

   the time of the distribution, to satisfy the preferential rights upon
   dissolution of shareholders whose preferential rights are superior to
   those receiving the distribution.

   
The WebTrends articles do not otherwise restrict the ability of its board of
directors to make distributions to its shareholders.
In addition, Oregon law
generally provides that a corporation may redeem or repurchase its shares.


Dissenters' and Appraisal Rights

   Under Oregon law and Delaware law, a stockholder of a corporation
participating in certain major corporate transactions may, under varying
circumstances, be entitled to dissenters' rights or to appraisal rights
pursuant to which such stockholder may receive cash in the amount of the fair
value of the shares held by such stockholder, as determined by a court or by
agreement of the corporation and the stockholder, in lieu of the consideration
such stockholder would otherwise receive in the transaction.
The limitations on
the availability of dissenters' rights under Oregon law are different from
those available for appraisal rights under Delaware law.
Under Delaware law,
such fair value is determined exclusive of any element of value arising from
the accomplishment or expectation of the merger or consolidation, and such
appraisal rights are not available in the following situations:

  .
with respect to a merger or consolidation by a corporation the shares of
    which are either listed on a national securities exchange or designated
    as a national market system security or are held of record by more than
    2,000 holders if such stockholders receive only shares of the surviving
    corporation or shares of any other corporation that are either listed on
    a national securities exchange or designated as a national market system
    security or held of record by more than 2,000 holders, plus cash in lieu
    of fractional shares of such corporations; or

  .
to stockholders of a corporation surviving a merger if no vote of the
    stockholders of the surviving corporation is required to approve the
    merger under Delaware law.

   
Under Oregon law, unless a corporation's articles of incorporation provide
otherwise, dissenters' rights are generally not available to holders of shares
of any class or series of stock in connection with a merger if the shares of
the class or series were registered on a national securities exchange or quoted
on Nasdaq as a national market system security on the record date for the
meeting at which the merger is to be approved or on the date a copy or summary
of the plan of merger is mailed to the shareholders.
WebTrends' articles of
incorporation do not provide otherwise.


Inspection of Stockholder List

   Delaware law allows any stockholder to inspect the stockholder list for a
purpose reasonably related to such person's interest as a stockholder.
Delaware
law also provides for inspection rights as to a list of stockholders entitled
to vote at a meeting within a ten day period preceding a stockholders' meeting
for any purpose germane to the meeting.
Oregon law allows any shareholder to
inspect the shareholder list for a proper purpose upon five days written notice
to the corporation of such request.
Oregon law also allows any shareholder to
inspect the shareholder list beginning two business days after notice of a
meeting is given for which the list was prepared and continuing through the
meeting.


Control Share Act

   The Oregon Control Share Act generally provides that a person who acquires
control shares cannot vote the shares unless voting rights are approved by both
a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast by holders of voting shares and
a majority of all votes other than votes of "interested shareholders" entitled
to be cast by holders of voting shares.
Delaware law does not contain an
equivalent to the Control Share Act.

                     
PROPOSAL NO. 2 FOR NETIQ STOCKHOLDERS:

             APPROVAL OF AMENDMENT TO CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION

   
NetIQ stockholders are being asked to approve an amendment to NetIQ's
certificate of incorporation.

   
NetIQ's authorized capital stock includes 100,000,000 shares of common
stock.
At January 16, 2001, there were outstanding:

  .
39,584,175 shares of common stock;

  .
options to purchase an aggregate of 6,898,014 shares of common stock; and

  .
2,350,000 shares of common stock reserved for issuance under employee
    stock purchase plans.

   
In addition, based on shares outstanding on January 16, 2001, up to
approximately 12.7 million shares of NetIQ common stock will be issued to
shareholders of WebTrends in connection with the merger, and a further
approximately 2.3 million shares of NetIQ common stock will be reserved for
issuance in connection with WebTrends' employee stock compensation
arrangements.

   
NetIQ's board of directors wants to have available additional authorized
shares of NetIQ common stock for future stock splits, stock dividends,
acquisitions employee benefit plans, financings or other corporate purposes.
It
thus requests that the NetIQ stockholders approve the certificate of
incorporation amendment proposal for a total number of 250,000,000 authorized
shares of NetIQ common stock upon effectiveness of the amendment of the NetIQ
certificate of incorporation.
Other than as required by the merger agreement or
in connection with its employee benefit plans, NetIQ has no present plan to
issue any additional NetIQ shares.

   
NetIQ's board of directors would have the sole discretion to issue the
additional shares of NetIQ common stock from time to time for any corporate
purpose without further action by NetIQ stockholders, except as the Nasdaq
National Market rules may require, and without first offering the shares to
NetIQ stockholders.
There are no preemptive rights available to NetIQ
stockholders in connection with the issuance of NetIQ common stock.
The
issuance of additional NetIQ shares could have a dilutive effect on NetIQ's per
share earnings and on each NetIQ stockholder's voting power in NetIQ, unless
the NetIQ stockholder were to purchase additional shares to maintain the same
level of ownership.

   
NetIQ board of directors does not propose the increase in authorized NetIQ
common stock because it believes that NetIQ needs additional takeover defenses.

The additional authorized, but unissued, NetIQ common stock, however, could be
viewed as deterring a takeover of NetIQ.
Certain provisions of the NetIQ
certificate of incorporation, the NetIQ bylaws and Delaware law may also be
seen to have an anti-takeover effect by delaying, deterring or preventing a
tender offer or takeover attempt, including an offer or attempt that might
result in a premium over the current market price for the NetIQ shares and that
a NetIQ shareholder might favor.

   
If approved, the proposal to amend NetIQ's certificate of incorporation
would become effective immediately before completion of the merger.

   
NetIQ's board of directors unanimously recommends that the NetIQ
stockholders vote FOR the proposal to amend NetIQ's certificate of
incorporation.

                                 
LEGAL MATTERS

   
The validity of the shares of NetIQ common stock offered by this joint proxy
statement/prospectus will be passed upon for NetIQ by Davis Polk & Wardwell,
Menlo Park, California, counsel for NetIQ.
Perkins Coie LLP, Portland, Oregon,
is counsel to WebTrends.
It is a condition to the completion of the merger that
WebTrends and NetIQ each receive opinions from their counsel to the effect
that, among other things, the merger will be a reorganization for federal
income tax purposes.
See "The Merger--Material U.S. Federal Income Tax
Consequences.
"

                                    EXPERTS

   The consolidated financial statements and the related financial statement
schedule incorporated in this joint proxy statement/prospectus by reference
from NetIQ's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2000, have
been audited by Deloitte & Touche LLP, independent auditors, as stated in their
reports, which are incorporated by reference herein, and have been so
incorporated in reliance upon the reports of such firm given upon their
authority as experts in accounting and auditing.

   
The financial statements of WebTrends as of December 31, 1999 and 1998, and
for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 1999, have
been incorporated by reference herein and in the joint proxy
statement/prospectus in reliance upon the report of KPMG LLP, independent
public accountants, incorporated by reference herein, and upon the authority of
said firm as experts in accounting and auditing.

   
Ernst & Young LLP, independent auditors, have audited the financial
statements of Mission Critical Software, Inc. at June 30, 1998 and 1999, and
for the period from July 19, 1996 (date of inception) to June 30, 1997, and the
years ended June 30, 1998 and 1999, as set forth in their report, which is
incorporated by reference in this joint proxy statement/prospectus.
The
financial statements of Mission Critical Software, Inc. are incorporated by
reference in this joint proxy statement/prospectus in reliance on their report,
given on their authority as experts in accounting and auditing.

   
The financial statements of Ganymede Software, Inc. as of March 31, 1999 and
1998, and for each of the years then ended incorporated in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus by reference to pages F49-F63 of NetIQ Corporation's
Amendment No. 1 to Form S-4 dated April 3, 2000, have been so incorporated in
reliance on the report of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, independent accountants,
given on the authority of said firm as experts in auditing and accounting.

                             
STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS

   Under Rule 14a-8 of the Exchange Act, NetIQ stockholders may present proper
proposals for inclusion in NetIQ's proxy statement and for consideration at the
next annual meeting of its stockholders by submitting such proposals to NetIQ
in a timely manner.
In order to be so included for the 2001 annual meeting,
stockholder proposals must have been received by NetIQ no later than June 12,
2001, and must have otherwise complied with the requirements of Rule 14a-8.

                      
WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

   NetIQ and WebTrends file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy
statements and other information with the SEC.
Copies of their reports, proxy
statements and other information may be inspected and copied at the public
reference facilities maintained by the SEC:

  Judiciary Plaza           Citicorp Center             Seven World Trade
  Room 1024                 500 West Madison            Center
  450 Fifth Street, N.W.    Street                      13th
Floor
  Washington, D.C. 20549    Suite 1400                  New York, New York
                            Chicago, Illinois           10048

   Copies of these materials can also be obtained by mail at prescribed rates
from the Public Reference Section of the SEC, 450 Fifth Street, N.W.,
Washington, D.C. 20549 or by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330.
The SEC
maintains a website that contains reports, proxy statements and other
information regarding each of WebTrends and NetIQ.
The address of the SEC
website is www.sec.gov.

   
These materials may also be inspected at the offices of the National
Association of Securities Dealers, 1735 K Street, N.W., Washington, D.C. 20006.

   
NetIQ filed a registration statement on Form S-4 to register with the SEC
the NetIQ common stock to be issued to WebTrends shareholders in the merger.

This joint proxy statement/prospectus is a part of that registration statement
and constitutes a prospectus of NetIQ in addition to being a proxy statement of
NetIQ and WebTrends for each company's special meeting.
As permitted by SEC
rules, this joint proxy statement/prospectus does not contain all the
information that you can find in the registration statement or the exhibits to
that statement.

   
The SEC allows us to "incorporate by reference" information into this joint
proxy statement/prospectus.
This means that we can disclose important
information to you by referring you to another document filed separately with
the SEC.
The information incorporated by reference is deemed to be part of this
document, except for any information superseded by information in this
document.
This joint proxy statement/prospectus incorporates by reference the
documents set forth below that we have previously filed with the SEC.
These
documents contain important information about our companies and their financial
performance.

   
NetIQ SEC Filings (File No. 000-26757)   Period
   --------------------------------------   ------

   Annual Report on Form 10-K               Fiscal year ended June 30, 2000
   Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q           Quarter ended September 30, 2000
                                            Filed on January 17, 2001, and July 19,
   Current Reports on Form 8-K              2000
   Description of NetIQ Common Stock from
   Registration Statement on Form 8-A       Filed on July 19, 1999

   NetIQ's SEC Filings (File No. 333-
   33178)
   ----------------------------------

   Mission Critical Software, Inc.'s        Filed on March 23, 2000
   Audited Financial Statements for Fiscal
   Years Ended June 30, 1997, 1998 and
   1999 and Unaudited Condensed Financial
   Statements for Three and Six Months
   Ended December 31, 1998 and 1999 and
   Ganymede Software Inc.'s Audited
   Financial Statements for Fiscal Years
   Ended March 31, 1999 and 1998 and
   Unaudited Financial Statements as of
   and for the Nine Months Ended December
   31, 1999 and 1998 from Registration
   Statement on Form S-4.

   
WebTrends' SEC Filings (File No. 000-
   25215)                                   Period
   -------------------------------------    
------

   Annual Report on Form 10-K               Fiscal year ended December 31, 1999
   Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q           Quarters ended March 31, 2000, June 30,
                                            2000 and September 30, 2000
   Current Reports on Form 8-K              Filed on January 26, 2000 and January
                                            19, 2001
   Description of WebTrends Common Stock
   from Registration Statement on Form 8-A  Filed on December 28, 1998

   We are also incorporating by reference additional documents that we file
with the SEC between the date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus and the
date of the meetings.

   
NetIQ has supplied all information contained or incorporated by reference in
this joint proxy statement/prospectus relating to NetIQ, and WebTrends has
supplied all information relating to WebTrends.

   
You may already have been sent some of the documents incorporated by
reference, but you can obtain any of them from us or the SEC.
Documents
incorporated by reference are available from us without charge, excluding all
exhibits, unless we have specifically incorporated by reference an exhibit in
this joint proxy statement/prospectus.
Stockholders may obtain these documents
incorporated by reference by requesting them in writing or by telephone from
the appropriate party at the following address:

                               NetIQ Corporation
                            3553 North First Street
                               San Jose, CA 95134
                              Tel: (408) 856-3000

                             WebTrends Corporation
                       851 S.W. Sixth Avenue, Suite 1200
                               Portland, OR 97204
                              Tel: (503) 294-7025

   
If you would like to request documents from us, please do so by March  ,
2001, to receive them before the special meetings.
We shall send the documents
by first-class mail within one business day of receiving your request.

   
You can also get more information by visiting NetIQ's web site at
www.netiq.com and WebTrends' web site at www.webtrends.com.
Web site materials
are not part of this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

   
You should rely only on the information contained or incorporated by
reference in this joint proxy statement/prospectus to vote on the NetIQ share
issuance proposal and the WebTrends merger agreement proposal.
We have not
authorized anyone to provide you with information that is different from what
is contained in this document.
This joint proxy statement/prospectus is dated
February  , 2001.
You should not assume that the information in it is accurate
as of any date other than that date, and neither its mailing to shareholders
nor the issuance of NetIQ common stock in the merger shall create any
implication to the contrary.

   
This document does not constitute an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an
offer to purchase, the NetIQ common stock or the solicitation of a proxy, in
any jurisdiction to or from any person to whom or from whom it is unlawful to
make the offer, solicitation of an offer or proxy solicitation in that
jurisdiction.
Neither the delivery of this joint proxy statement/prospectus nor
any distribution of securities means, under any circumstances, that there has
been no change in the information set forth or incorporated in this document by
reference or in its affairs since the date of this joint proxy
statement/prospectus.
The information contained in this document with respect
to WebTrends and its subsidiaries was provided by WebTrends.
The information
contained in this document with respect to NetIQ was provided by NetIQ.

                                                                         
ANNEX A

                          AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

                                  dated as of

                                January 16, 2001

                                     among

                             WEBTRENDS CORPORATION

                               NETIQ CORPORATION

                                      and

                         NORTH ACQUISITION CORPORATION

                              /1/

                                                                            Page
                                                                            ----

                                   ARTICLE 1

                                  Definitions

Section 1.01.
Definitions...................................................   1

                                   ARTICLE 2

                                   The Merger

Section 2.01.
The Merger....................................................   5
Section 2.02.
Conversion of Shares..........................................   
5
Section 2.03.
Surrender and Payment.........................................   
5
Section 2.04.
Stock Options.................................................   6
Section 2.05.
Employee Stock Purchase Plan..................................   
7
Section 2.06.
Adjustments...................................................   7
Section 2.07.
Fractional Shares.............................................   7
Section 2.08.
Withholding Rights............................................   7
Section 2.09.
Lost Certificates.............................................   8
Section 2.10.
Tax Consequences..............................................   8

                                   ARTICLE 3

                           The Surviving Corporation

Section 3.01.
Articles of Incorporation.....................................   8
Section 3.02.
Bylaws........................................................   8
Section 3.03.
Directors and Officers........................................   8
Section 3.04.
Additional Actions............................................   8

                                   ARTICLE 4

                 Representations and Warranties of the Company

Section 4.01.
Corporate Existence and Power.................................   8
Section 4.02.
Corporate Authorization.......................................   9
Section 4.03.
Governmental Authorization....................................   9
Section 4.04.
Non-contravention.............................................   9
Section 4.05.
Capitalization................................................   9
Section 4.06.
Subsidiaries..................................................  10
Section 4.07.
SEC Filings...................................................  10
Section 4.08.
Financial Statements..........................................  11
Section 4.09.
Disclosure Documents..........................................  11
Section 4.10.
Agreements, Contracts and Commitments.........................  11
Section 4.11.
Absence of Certain Changes....................................  13
Section 4.12.
No Undisclosed Material Liabilities...........................  14
Section 4.13.
Compliance with Laws and Court Orders.........................  14
Section 4.14.
Litigation....................................................  14
Section 4.15.
Finders' Fees.................................................  14
Section 4.16.
Opinion of Financial Advisor..................................  14

- --------
/1/
The  is not a part of this Agreement.

                                       
i

                         --(Continued)

                                                                          
Page
                                                                          ----

Section 4.17.
Taxes......................................................  14
Section 4.18.
Employee Benefit Plans.....................................  15
Section 4.19.
Environmental Matters......................................  17
Section 4.20.
Company Intellectual Property..............................  17
Section 4.21.
Tax Treatment..............................................  19
Section 4.22.
Antitakeover Statutes and Rights Agreement.................  
19

                                   ARTICLE 5

                    Representations and Warranties of Parent

Section 5.01.
Corporate Existence and Power..............................  19
Section 5.02.
Corporate Authorization....................................  19
Section 5.03.
Governmental Authorization.................................  19
Section 5.04.
Non-contravention..........................................  20
Section 5.05.
Capitalization.............................................  20
Section 5.06.
Subsidiaries...............................................  20
Section 5.07.
SEC Filings................................................  21
Section 5.08.
Financial Statements.......................................  21
Section 5.09.
Disclosure Documents.......................................  21
Section 5.10.
Absence of Certain Changes.................................  22
Section 5.11.
Compliance with Laws and Court Orders......................  23
Section 5.12.
Litigation.................................................  23
Section 5.13.
Finders' Fees..............................................  23
Section 5.14.
Opinion of Financial Advisor...............................  23
Section 5.15.
Tax Treatment..............................................  23
Section 5.16.
Ownership of Company Equity................................  23
Section 5.17.
No Undisclosed Material Liabilities........................  23
Section 5.18.
Environmental Matters......................................  24
Section 5.19.
Parent Intellectual Property...............................  24
Section 5.20.
Agreements, Contracts and Commitments......................  25

                                   ARTICLE 6

                            Covenants of the Company

Section 6.01.
Conduct of the Company.....................................  26
Section 6.02.
Shareholder Meeting; Proxy Material........................  26
Section 6.03.
No Solicitation............................................  27
Section 6.04.
Required Consents..........................................  28

                                   ARTICLE 7

                              Covenants of Parent

Section 7.01.
Conduct of Parent..........................................  28
Section 7.02.
Obligations of Merger Subsidiary...........................  29
Section 7.03.
Director and Officer Liability.............................  29
Section 7.04.
Registration Statement; Stockholder Meeting; Proxy
 Material................................................................  29
Section 7.05.
Nasdaq Stock Market Listing................................  29
Section 7.06.
Board of Director Membership...............................  29
Section 7.07.
Employee Benefits..........................................  30
Section 7.08.
Consultation on Certain Matters............................  30

                                       ii

                         --(Continued)

                                                                          
Page
                                                                          ----

                                   ARTICLE 8

                      Covenants of Parent and the Company

Section 8.01.
Reasonable Efforts.........................................  30
Section 8.02.
Certain Filings............................................  30
Section 8.03.
Public Announcements.......................................  30
Section 8.04.
Further Assurances.........................................  31
Section 8.05.
Access to Information......................................  31
Section 8.06.
Notices of Certain Events..................................  31
Section 8.07.
Confidentiality............................................  31
Section 8.08.
Tax-free Reorganization; Purchase Accounting...............  32
Section 8.09.
Affiliates.................................................  32
Section 8.10.
401(k) Plan................................................  32
Section 8.11.
Section 16.................................................  32

                                   ARTICLE 9

                            Conditions to the Merger

Section 9.01.
Conditions to Obligations of Each Party....................  32
Section 9.02.
Conditions to the Obligations of Parent and Merger
              Subsidiary.................................................  33
Section 9.03.
Conditions to the Obligations of the Company...............  33

                                   ARTICLE 10

                                  Termination

Section 10.01  Termination...............................................  34
Section 10.02  Effect of Termination.....................................  35

                                   ARTICLE 11

                                 Miscellaneous

Section 11.01  Notices...................................................  35
Section 11.02  Survival of Representations and Warranties................  36
Section 11.03  Amendments; No Waivers....................................  36
Section 11.04  Expenses..................................................  36
Section 11.05  Successors and Assigns....................................  37
Section 11.06  Governing Law.............................................  37
Section 11.07  WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL......................................  37
Section 11.08  Counterparts; Effectiveness...............................  37
Section 11.09  Entire Agreement..........................................  
37
Section 11.10  Captions..................................................  37
Section 11.11  Severability..............................................  37
Section 11.12  Specific Performance......................................  37

                                      iii

                          AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

   AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER dated as of January 16, 2001 among WebTrends
Corporation, an Oregon corporation ("Company"), NetIQ Corporation, a Delaware
corporation ("Parent"), and North Acquisition Corporation, an Oregon
corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent ("Merger Subsidiary").

                                    
RECITALS

   A. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement and in
accordance with the Oregon Business Corporation Act ("Oregon Law"), Parent and
Company will enter into a business combination transaction pursuant to which
Merger Subsidiary will merge with and into Company (the "Merger").

   
B. The Board of Directors of Parent (i) has determined that the Merger is
consistent with and in furtherance of the long-term business strategy of Parent
and fair to, advisable and in the best interests of, Parent and its
stockholders, (ii) has approved this Agreement, the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement and (iii) has determined to
recommend that the stockholders of Parent vote to approve the issuance of
shares of Parent Stock (as defined below) to the shareholders of Company
pursuant to the terms of the Merger.

   
C.
The Board of Directors of Company (i) has determined that the Merger is
consistent with and in furtherance of the long-term business strategy of
Company and fair to, advisable and in the best interests of, Company and its
shareholders, (ii) has approved this Agreement, the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement and (iii) has determined to
recommend the approval of this Agreement and the Merger by the shareholders of
Company.

   
D. Concurrently with the execution of this Agreement, and as a condition and
inducement to Parent's and Company's willingness to enter into this Agreement,
certain affiliates of Company shall enter into a Voting Agreement in
substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the "Voting Agreement").

   
E. Parent, Company and Merger Subsidiary desire to make certain
representations and warranties and other agreements in connection with the
Merger.

   
F.
The parties intend, by executing this Agreement, to adopt a plan of
reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, as amended.

   
NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the covenants, promises and
representations set forth herein, and for other good and valuable
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged,
the parties agree as follows:

                                   ARTICLE 1

                                  Definitions

   Section 1.01.
Definitions.
(a) The following terms, as used herein, have the
following meanings:

   "Acquisition Proposal" means, other than the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement, any offer or proposal for, any indication of interest in, or
any submission of inquiries from any Third Party relating to (A) any
acquisition or purchase, direct or indirect, of 20% or more of the consolidated
assets of Company and Company Subsidiaries or over 20% of any class of equity
or voting securities of Company or any Company Subsidiaries whose assets,
individually or in the aggregate, constitute more than 20% of the consolidated
assets of Company, (B) any tender offer (including a self-tender offer) or
exchange offer that, if consummated, would

                                      A-1

result in such Third Party's beneficially owning 20% or more of any class of
equity or voting securities of Company or any Company Subsidiaries whose
assets, individually or in the aggregate, constitute more than 20% of the
consolidated assets of Company or (C) a merger, consolidation, share exchange,
business combination, sale of substantially all the assets, reorganization,
recapitalization, liquidation, dissolution or other similar transaction
involving Company or any Company Subsidiaries whose assets, individually or in
the aggregate, constitute more than 20% of the consolidated assets of Company.

   
"Affiliate" means, with respect to any Person, any other Person directly or
indirectly controlling, controlled by, or under common control with such
Person.

   
"Business Day" means a day, other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on
which commercial banks in California are authorized or required by law to
close.

   
"Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

   
"Company Balance Sheet" means the consolidated balance sheets of Company as
of December 31, 1999 and the footnotes thereto set forth in the Company 10-K .

   
"Company Balance Sheet Date" means December 31, 1999.

   
"Company Stock" means the common stock, no par value, of Company.

   
"Company 10-K" means Company's annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
year ended December 31, 1999.

   
"Delaware Law" means the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware.

   
"Environmental Laws" means any federal, state, local or foreign law
(including, without limitation, any enforceable judicial or administrative
interpretation thereof), treaty, judicial decision, regulation, rule, judgment,
order, decree, injunction, permit or governmental restriction or requirement or
any agreement with any governmental authority, relating to human health and
safety, the environment or to pollutants, contaminants, wastes or chemicals or
any toxic, radioactive, ignitable, corrosive, reactive or otherwise hazardous
substances, wastes or materials.

   
"Environmental Permits" means all permits, licenses, franchises,
certificates, approvals and other similar authorizations of governmental
authorities relating to or required by Environmental Laws and affecting, or
relating in any way to, the business of Company or any Company Subsidiary as
currently conducted.

   
"ERISA" means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974.

   
"ERISA Affiliate" of any entity means any other entity that, together with
such entity, would be treated as a single employer under Section 414 of the
Code.

   
"GAAP" means United States generally accepted accounting principles,
consistently applied.

   
"HSR Act" means the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as
amended.

   
"Knowledge" of any Person that is not an individual means the knowledge of
such Person's officers after reasonable inquiry.

   
"Lien" means, with respect to any property or asset, any mortgage, lien,
pledge, charge, security interest, encumbrance or other adverse claim of any
kind in respect of such property or asset other than restrictions on transfer
imposed by federal or state securities laws.
For purposes of this Agreement, a
Person shall be deemed to own subject to a Lien any property or asset that it
has acquired or holds subject to the interest of a vendor or

                                      A-2

lessor under any conditional sale agreement, capital lease or other title
retention agreement relating to such property or asset.

   
"Material Adverse Effect" means, with respect to any Person, a material
adverse effect on the condition (financial or otherwise), business, assets or
results of operations of such Person and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, it
being understood that a decline in stock price shall not constitute, in and of
itself, a Material Adverse Effect.

   
"1933 Act" means the Securities Act of 1993.

   
"1934 Act" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

   
"Officer" of any Person means any executive officer of such Person within
the meaning of Rule 3b-7 under the 1934 Act.

   
"Parent Balance Sheet" means the consolidated balance sheets of Parent as of
June 30, 2000 and the footnotes therein set forth in the Parent 10-K.

   "Parent Balance Sheet Date" means June 30, 2000.

   
"Parent Stock" means the common stock, $0.001 par value, of Parent.

   
"Parent 10-K" means Parent's annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year
ended June 30, 2000.

   
"Person" means an individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability
company, association, trust or other entity or organization, including a
government or political subdivision or an agency or instrumentality thereof.

   
"SEC" means the Securities and Exchange Commission.

   
"Shareholder" means a holder of record of Company common stock immediately
prior to the Effective Time.

   
"Subsidiary" means, with respect to any Person, any entity of which
securities or other ownership interests having ordinary voting power to elect a
majority of the board of directors or other persons performing similar
functions are at any time directly or indirectly owned by such Person.

   
"Third Party" means any Person as defined in Section 13(d) of the 1934 Act,
other than Parent or any of its Affiliates.

   
Any reference in this Agreement to a statute shall be to such statute, as
amended from time to time, and to the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder.

                                      
A-3

   (b) Each of the following terms is defined in the Section set forth opposite
such term:

   Term                                                                  Section
   ----                                                                  -------

   368 Reorganization..................................................     4.21
   Adjusted Option.....................................................     2.04
   Certificates........................................................     2.03
   Closing.............................................................     2.01
   Closing Date........................................................     2.01
   Company.............................................................
Preamble
   Company Employee....................................................     7.07
   Company Intellectual Property.......................................     4.20
   Company Insider.....................................................     8.11
   Company Proxy Statement.............................................     4.09
   Company Registered Intellectual Property............................     4.20
   Company SEC Documents...............................................     
4.07
   Company Securities..................................................     4.05
   Company Stockholder Meeting.........................................     
6.02
   Company Stock Option................................................     2.04
   Company Stock Option Plan...........................................     2.04
   Company Subsidiaries................................................     4.06
   Company Subsidiaries Securities.....................................     4.06
   Confidentiality Agreement...........................................     
6.03
   Effective Time......................................................     2.01
   Employee Plans......................................................     4.18
   End Date............................................................    10.01
   Exchange Agent......................................................     2.03
   Fixed Exchange Ratio................................................     2.02
   Indemnified Person..................................................     
7.03
   Intellectual Property...............................................     4.20
   Merger..............................................................
Recitals
   Merger Consideration................................................     2.02
   Merger Subsidiary...................................................
Preamble
   Multiemployer Plan..................................................     
4.18
   Oregon Law..........................................................
Recitals
   Parent .............................................................
Preamble
   Parent Benefit Plans................................................     7.07
   Parent Intellectual Property........................................     5.19
   Parent Proxy Statement .............................................     
5.09
   Parent Registered Intellectual Property.............................     5.19
   Parent SEC Documents................................................     5.07
   Parent Stockholder Meeting..........................................     7.04
   Payment Event.......................................................    11.04
   Registration Statement..............................................     5.09
   Registered Intellectual Property....................................     4.20
   Superior Proposal...................................................     6.03
   Surviving Corporation...............................................     2.01
   Taxes...............................................................     4.17
   Taxing Authority....................................................     4.17
   Voting Agreement....................................................
Recitals

                                      A-4

                                   ARTICLE 2

                                   The Merger

   Section 2.01.
The Merger.
(a) At the Effective Time (as defined below),
Merger Subsidiary shall be merged with and into Company in accordance with
Oregon Law, whereupon the separate existence of Merger Subsidiary shall cease,
and Company shall be the surviving corporation (the "Surviving Corporation").

   (b) Subject to the provision of this Agreement, Company and Merger
Subsidiary will file the articles of merger with the Oregon Secretary of State
and make all other filings or recordings required by Oregon Law in connection
with the Merger as soon as practicable on or after the Closing Date (as herein
defined).
The Merger shall become effective at such time (the "Effective Time")
as the articles of merger is duly filed with the Oregon Secretary of State (or
at such later time as may be specified in the articles of merger).
The closing
of the Merger (the "Closing") shall take place at the office of Davis Polk &
Wardwell, 1600 El Camino Real, Menlo Park, California, at a time and date to be
specified by the parties, which shall be no later than the second business date
after the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth in Article 9, or
at such other time, date and location as the parties hereto agree in writing
(the "Closing Date").

   (c) At the Effective Time, the effect of the Merger shall be as provided in
this Agreement and applicable provisions of Oregon Law.
Without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, and subject thereto, at the Effective Time, the
Surviving Corporation shall possess all the rights, powers, privileges and
franchises and be subject to all of the obligations, liabilities, restrictions
and disabilities of Company and Merger Subsidiary.

   
Section 2.02.
Conversion of Shares.
At the Effective Time, (a) except as
otherwise provided in Section 2.02(b), each share of Company Stock outstanding
immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be converted into the right to
receive 0.48 shares of Parent Stock (the "Fixed Exchange Ratio" and together
with the cash in lieu of fractional shares of Parent Stock as specified below,
the "Merger Consideration");

   (b) each share of Company Stock held by Company as treasury stock or owned
by Parent immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be canceled, and no
payment shall be made with respect thereto; and

   (c) each share of common stock of Merger Subsidiary outstanding immediately
prior to the Effective Time shall be converted into and become one share of
common stock of the Surviving Corporation with the same rights, powers and
privileges as the shares so converted and shall constitute the only outstanding
shares of capital stock of the Surviving Corporation.

   
Section 2.03.
Surrender and Payment.
(a) Prior to the Effective Time, Parent
shall appoint an agent (the "Exchange Agent") for the purpose of exchanging
certificates representing shares of Company Stock (the "Certificates") for the
Merger Consideration.
Parent will make available to the Exchange Agent, as
needed, the Merger Consideration to be paid in respect of the shares of Company
Stock and any dividends or distributions to which holder of Company Stock may
be entitled pursuant to Section 2.03(f).
Promptly after the Effective Time (and
in any event no later than five Business Days after receipt by Parent of a
complete list from Company of the names and addresses of its shareholders of
record), Parent will send, or will cause the Exchange Agent to send, to each
holder of shares of Company Stock at the Effective Time a letter of transmittal
and instructions (which shall specify that the delivery shall be effected, and
risk of loss and title shall pass, only upon proper delivery of the
Certificates to the Exchange Agent) for use in such exchange.

   
(b) Each holder of shares of Company Stock that have been converted into the
right to receive the Merger Consideration will receive, upon surrender to the
Exchange Agent of a Certificate, together with a properly completed and validly
executed letter of transmittal in accordance with the instructions thereto, the
Merger Consideration in respect of Company Stock represented by such
Certificate.
Until so surrendered, each such Certificate shall represent from
and after the Effective Time for all corporate purposes, subject to Section

                                      A-5

2.03(f) as to the payment of dividends or other distributions, the ownership of
the number of full shares of Parent Stock into which such shares of Company
Stock shall have been so converted and the right to receive such Merger
Consideration and any dividends or distributions payable pursuant to Section
2.03(f).

   
(c) If any portion of the Merger Consideration is to be issued to a Person
other than the Person in whose name the Certificate is registered, it shall be
a condition to such issuance that the Certificate so surrendered shall be
properly endorsed and guaranteed or otherwise be in proper form for transfer
and that the Person requesting such issuance shall pay to the Exchange Agent
any transfer or other Taxes required as a result of such payment to a Person
other than the registered holder of such Certificate or establish to the
satisfaction of the Exchange Agent that such tax has been paid or is not
payable.

   
(d)
After the Effective Time, there shall be no further registration of
transfers of shares of Company Stock.
If, after the Effective Time,
Certificates are presented to the Surviving Corporation, they shall be canceled
and exchanged for the Merger Consideration provided for, and in accordance with
the procedures set forth, in this Article.

   
(e) Any portion of the Merger Consideration made available to the Exchange
Agent pursuant to Section 2.03(a) that remains unclaimed by the holders of
shares of Company Stock six months after the Effective Time shall be returned
to Parent, upon demand, and any such holder who has not exchanged them for the
Merger Consideration in accordance with this Section prior to that time shall
thereafter look only to Parent for payment of the Merger Consideration, and any
dividends and distributions with respect thereto, in respect of such shares
without any interest thereon.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Parent shall not
be liable to any holder of shares of Company Stock for any amounts paid to a
public official pursuant to applicable abandoned property, escheat or similar
laws.
Any amounts remaining unclaimed by holders of shares of Company Stock
immediately prior to such time when the amounts would otherwise escheat to or
become property of any governmental authority shall become, to the extent
permitted by applicable law, the property of Parent free and clear of any
claims or interest of any Person previously entitled thereto.

   
(f) No dividends or other distributions with respect to securities of Parent
constituting part of the Merger Consideration with a record date after the
Effective Time, and no cash payment in lieu of fractional shares as provided in
Section 2.07, shall be paid to the holder of any unsurrendered Certificates
until such Certificates are surrendered as provided in this Section.
Following
such surrender, there shall be paid, without interest, to the Person in whose
name the securities of Parent have been registered, (i) at the time of such
surrender, the amount of any cash payable in lieu of fractional shares to which
such Person is entitled pursuant to Section 2.07 and the amount of all
dividends or other distributions with a record date after the Effective Time
previously paid or payable on the date of such surrender with respect to such
securities, and (ii) at the appropriate payment date, the amount of dividends
or other distributions with a record date after the Effective Time and prior to
surrender and with a payment date subsequent to surrender payable with respect
to such securities.

   
Section 2.04.
Stock Options.
(a) The terms of each outstanding option (a
"Company Stock Option") to purchase shares of Company Stock under any employee
stock option or compensation plan or arrangement of the Company (a "Company
Stock Option Plan"), whether or not exercisable or vested, shall be adjusted as
necessary to provide that, at the Effective Time, each Company Stock Option
outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be deemed to
constitute an option to acquire, on the same terms and conditions as were
applicable under such Company Stock Option, the same number of shares of Parent
Stock as the holder of such Company Stock Option would have been entitled to
receive pursuant to the Merger had such holder exercised such Company Stock
Option in full immediately prior to the Effective Time, at a price per share of
Parent Stock equal to (A) the aggregate exercise price for the shares of
Company Stock otherwise purchasable pursuant to such Company Stock Option
divided by (B) the aggregate number of shares of Parent Stock deemed
purchasable pursuant to such Company Stock Option (each, as so adjusted, an
"Adjusted Option"), provided that any fractional share of Parent Stock
resulting from an aggregation of all the shares of a holder subject to Company
Stock Option shall be rounded down to the nearest whole share, and provided
further that,

                                      A-6

for any Company Stock Option to which Section 421 of the Code applies by reason
of its qualification under any of Sections 422 through 424 of the Code, the
option price, the number of shares purchasable pursuant to such option and the
terms and conditions of exercise of such option shall be determined in order to
comply with Section 424 of the Code.

   
(b) Prior to the Effective Time, Company shall take any actions that are
necessary to give effect to the transactions contemplated by this Section 2.04.

   (c) Parent shall take such actions as are necessary for the assumption of
the Company Stock Options pursuant to this Section 2.04, including the
reservation, issuance and listing of Parent Stock as is necessary to effectuate
the transactions contemplated by this Section 2.04.
Parent shall prepare and
file with the SEC a registration statement on an appropriate form, or a post-
effective amendment to a registration statement previously filed under the 1933
Act, with respect to the shares of Parent Stock subject to the Adjusted Option
and, where applicable, shall have such registration statement declared
effective as soon as is reasonably practicable following the Effective Time and
maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement covering such
Adjusted Option (and to maintain the current status of the prospectus contained
therein) for so long as such Adjusted Option remains outstanding.

   
Section 2.05.
Employee Stock Purchase Plan.
Prior to the Effective Time,
outstanding purchase rights under the Company ESPP shall be exercised in
accordance with Section 21.3 of the 1999 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the
"Company ESPP") and each share of Company Common Stock purchased pursuant to
such exercise shall by virtue of the Merger, and without any action on the part
of the holder thereof, be converted into the right to receive the Merger
Consideration with respect to the number of shares of Company Common Stock that
were issuable upon exercise of such purchase rights under the Company ESPP
immediately prior to the Effective Time and any dividends or distributions to
which such holder may be entitled pursuant to Section 2.03(f) without issuance
of certificates representing issued and outstanding shares of Company Common
Stock to Company ESPP participants.
Parent agrees that as soon as practicable
after the Effective Time it shall cause certificates representing shares of
Parent Stock, together with any cash portion of the Merger Consideration and
such dividends or distributions required by Section 2.03(f), to be delivered to
such holders in satisfaction of such holders rights under this Section 2.05
with no further action required by such holders.
Company agrees that it shall
terminate the Company ESPP immediately following the aforesaid purchase of
shares of Company Common Stock thereunder.
Parent further agrees that it shall
use its best efforts to ensure that all Company employees or Parent employees
who were Company employees immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be
eligible to participate in the Parent 1999 Employee Stock Purchase Plan as of
the first offering period thereunder following the Effective Time.

   
Section 2.06.
Adjustments.
The Fixed Exchange Ratio shall be adjusted to
reflect appropriately the effect of any stock split, reverse stock split, stock
dividend (including any dividend or distribution of securities convertible into
or exercisable or exchangeable for Parent Common Stock or Company Common
Stock), extraordinary cash dividend, reorganization, recapitalization,
reclassification, combination, exchange of shares or other like change with
respect to Parent Common Stock or Company Common Stock occurring or having a
record date on or after the date hereof and prior to the Effective Time.

   
Section 2.07.
Fractional Shares.
No fractional shares of Parent Stock shall
be issued in the Merger.
All fractional shares of Parent Stock that a holder of
shares of Company Stock would otherwise be entitled to receive as a result of
the Merger shall be aggregated and if a fractional share results from such
aggregation, such holder shall be entitled to receive, in lieu thereof, an
amount in cash (rounded to the nearest whole cent) without interest determined
by multiplying the average closing sale price of a share of Parent Stock on the
Nasdaq National Market on the five (5) trading day immediately preceding the
Effective Time by the fraction of a share of Parent Stock to which such holder
would otherwise have been entitled.

   
Section 2.08.
Withholding Rights.
Each of the Surviving Corporation and
Parent shall be entitled to deduct and withhold from the consideration
otherwise payable to any Person pursuant to this Article such

                                      A-7

amounts as it is required to deduct and withhold with respect to the making of
such payment under any provision of federal, state, local or foreign tax law.

If the Surviving Corporation or Parent, as the case may be, so withholds
amounts, such amounts shall be treated for all purposes of this Agreement as
having been paid to the holder of the shares of Company Stock or Company Stock
Option, as the case may be, in respect of which the Surviving Corporation or
Parent, as the case may be, made such deduction and withholding.

   
Section 2.09.
Lost Certificates.
If any Certificate shall have been lost,
stolen or destroyed, upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the Person
claiming such Certificate to be lost, stolen or destroyed and, if required by
the Surviving Corporation, the posting by such Person of a bond, in such
reasonable amount as the Surviving Corporation may direct, as indemnity against
any claim that may be made against it with respect to such Certificate, the
Exchange Agent will issue, in exchange for such lost, stolen or destroyed
Certificate, the Merger Consideration and any dividends or distributions
pursuant to Section 2.03(f) to be paid in respect of the shares of Company
Stock represented by such Certificate, as contemplated by this Article.

   
Section 2.10.
Tax Consequences.
It is intended that the Merger shall
constitute a "reorganization" within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code,
and that this Agreement shall constitute a "plan of reorganization" for the
purposes of the Code.

                                   
ARTICLE 3

                           The Surviving Corporation

   Section 3.01.
Articles of Incorporation.
At the Effective Time, (i) the
Third Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation as in
effect immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be amended so as to
contain the provisions, and only the provisions, contained immediately prior
thereto in the Articles of Incorporation of Merger Subsidiary, except for
Article I thereof which shall continue to read "The name of the corporation is
WebTrends Corporation".

   Section 3.02.
Bylaws.
The bylaws of Merger Subsidiary in effect at the
Effective Time shall be the bylaws of the Surviving Corporation until amended
in accordance with applicable law.

   
Section 3.03.
Directors and Officers.
From and after the Effective Time,
until successors are duly elected or appointed and qualified in accordance with
applicable law, (i) the directors of Merger Subsidiary at the Effective Time
shall be the directors of the Surviving Corporation and (ii) the officers of
Merger Subsidiary at the Effective Time shall be the officers of the Surviving
Corporation.

   
Section 3.04.
Additional Actions.
If, at any time after the Effective Time,
the Surviving Corporation shall consider or be advised that any further deeds,
assignments or assurances in law or any other acts are necessary or desirable
to (a) vest, perfect or confirm, of record or otherwise, in the Surviving
Corporation its right, title or interest in, to or under any of the rights,
properties or assets of Company, or (b) otherwise carry out the provisions of
this Agreement, the officers and directors of the Surviving Corporation are
authorized to take, and will take, any and all such lawful actions.

                                   
ARTICLE 4

                 Representations and Warranties of the Company

   Company represents and warrants to Parent, subject to such exceptions as are
specifically disclosed in the disclosure letter supplied by Company to Parent
dated as of the date hereof, which disclosure shall provide an exception to or
otherwise qualify the representations or warranties of Company contained in the
section of this Agreement corresponding by number to such disclosure and the
other representations and warranties herein to the extent such disclosure shall
reasonably appear to be applicable to such other representations or warranties
that:

   Section 4.01.
Corporate Existence and Power.
Company is a corporation duly
incorporated and validly existing under the laws of the State of Oregon and has
all corporate powers and all governmental licenses,

                                      A-8

authorizations, permits, consents and approvals required to carry on its
business as now conducted, except for those licenses, authorizations, permits,
consents and approvals the absence of which would not have, individually or in
the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Company.
Company is duly qualified
to do business as a foreign corporation and is in good standing as a foreign
corporation in each jurisdiction where such qualification is necessary, except
for those jurisdictions where failure to be so qualified would not have,
individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Company.
Company
has heretofore delivered to Parent true and complete copies of the articles of
incorporation and bylaws of Company as currently in effect and no amendments
have been made to such documents since the date of such delivery.

   
Section 4.02.
Corporate Authorization.
(a) The execution, delivery and
performance by Company of this Agreement and the consummation by Company of the
transactions contemplated hereby are within Company's corporate powers and,
except for the required approval of Company's shareholders in connection with
the consummation of the Merger, have been duly authorized by all necessary
corporate action on the part of Company.
The affirmative vote of the holders of
at least a majority of the outstanding shares of Company Stock is the only vote
of the holders of any of Company's capital stock necessary in connection with
the consummation of the Merger.
Assuming the due authorization, execution and
delivery of this Agreement by Parent and, if applicable, Merger Subsidiary,
this Agreement constitute valid and binding agreements of Company, enforceable
against the Company in accordance with its terms.

   
(b) At a meeting duly called and held, Company's Board of Directors has (i)
unanimously determined that this Agreement and the transactions contemplated
hereby are fair to and in the best interests of Company's shareholders, (ii)
unanimously approved and adopted this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated hereby and (iii) unanimously resolved (subject to Section 6.03(b))
to recommend approval and adoption of this Agreement by its shareholders.

   
Section 4.03.
Governmental Authorization.
The execution, delivery and
performance by Company of this Agreement and the consummation by Company of the
transactions contemplated hereby require no action by or in respect of, or
filing with, any governmental body, agency, official or authority, domestic,
foreign or supranational, other than (i) the filing of the articles of merger
with respect to the Merger with the Oregon Secretary of State and appropriate
documents with the relevant authorities of other states in which Company is
qualified to do business, (ii) compliance with any applicable requirements of
the HSR Act, (iii) compliance with any applicable requirements of the 1933 Act,
the 1934 Act, and any other applicable securities laws, whether state or
foreign, (iv) any actions or filings the absence of which would not be
reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material
Adverse Effect on Company or the Surviving Corporation or materially to impair
the ability of Company to consummate the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.

   
Section 4.04.
Non-contravention.
The execution and delivery by Company of
this Agreement do not and the performance of this Agreement by the Company will
not (i) contravene, conflict with, or result in any violation or breach of any
provision of the articles of incorporation or bylaws of Company, (ii) assuming
compliance with the matters referred to in Section 4.03, contravene, conflict
with or result in a violation or breach of any provision of any applicable law,
statute, ordinance, rule, regulation, judgment, injunction, order, or decree,
(iii) require any consent or other action by any Person under, constitute a
default, or an event that, with or without notice or lapse of time or both,
would constitute a default, under, or cause or permit the termination,
cancellation, acceleration or other change of any right or obligation or the
loss of any benefit to which Company or Company Subsidiaries are entitled under
any provision of any agreement or other instrument binding upon Company or
Company Subsidiaries or any license, franchise, permit, certificate, approval
or other similar authorization affecting, or relating in any way to, the assets
or business of Company and Company Subsidiaries or (iv) result in the creation
or imposition of any Lien on any asset of Company or Company Subsidiaries,
except for such contraventions, conflicts and violations referred to in clause
(ii).

   
Section 4.05.
Capitalization.
(a) The authorized capital stock of Company
consists of 300,000,000 shares of Common Stock, no par value per share of which
there were 26,425,505 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2000,
and 15,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock, no par value per share of which no
shares

                                      A-9

are issued or outstanding.
As of December 31, 2000 5,788,384 shares were
reserved for issuance under the Company Stock Option Plans, of which 1,421,356
shares were issued and outstanding pursuant to exercised options, 4,783,059
shares were subject to outstanding options (of which options to purchase
555,401 shares were exercisable) and 1,076,709 shares were available for future
grant.
As of December 31, 2000, there were reserved for issuance under the
Company ESPP 1,465,000 shares of Common Stock, of which 61,540 shares were
issued pursuant to exercised options, and 1,403,460 shares were available for
future issuance.
All outstanding shares of capital stock of Company have been,
and all shares that may be issued pursuant to the 1997 Stock Incentive
Compensation Plan, the Amended and Restated 1998 Stock Incentive Plan and the
1999 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended, will be, when issued in
accordance with the respective terms thereof, duly authorized, validly issued,
fully paid and nonassessable.
No outstanding shares of Company Common Stock are
subject to lapsing rights of repurchase, vesting or similar provisions.
Other
than vesting of stock options over time based on continuing service with
Company, there are no securities of Company that shall become vested or
exercisable based on performance or other contingencies.
No Company Subsidiary
owns any shares of Company Stock.

   
(b)
Except as set forth in this Section 4.05 and for changes since December
31, 2000 resulting from the exercise of employee stock options outstanding on
such date, or issuances under the Company ESPP, there are no outstanding (i)
shares of capital stock or voting securities of Company, (ii) securities of
Company convertible into or exchangeable for shares of capital stock or voting
securities of Company or (iii) options or other rights to acquire from Company,
or other obligation of Company to issue, any capital stock, voting securities
or securities convertible into or exchangeable for capital stock or voting
securities of Company (the items in clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) being referred
to collectively as the "Company Securities").
There are no outstanding
obligations of Company or any Company Subsidiary to repurchase, redeem or
otherwise acquire any of Company Securities.

   
Section 4.06.
Subsidiaries.
(a) Schedule 4.06 lists all Subsidiaries of
Company and their jurisdictions of incorporation ("Company Subsidiaries").

Company Subsidiaries are duly incorporated, validly existing and in good
standing under the laws of their jurisdictions of incorporation, have all
corporate powers and all governmental licenses, authorizations, permits,
consents and approvals required to carry on their respective businesses as now
conducted, except for those licenses, authorizations, permits, consents and
approvals the absence of which would not have, individually and in the
aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Company.
Company Subsidiaries are duly
qualified to do business as foreign corporations and are in good standing as
foreign corporations in each jurisdiction where such qualification is
necessary, except for those jurisdictions where failure to be so qualified
would not have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on
Company.

   
(b) All of the outstanding capital stock of, or other voting securities or
ownership interests in, Company Subsidiaries, is owned by Company, directly or
indirectly, free and clear of any Lien and free of any other limitation or
restriction (including any restriction on the right to vote, sell or otherwise
dispose of such capital stock or other voting securities or ownership
interests).
There are no outstanding (i) securities of Company or Company
Subsidiaries convertible into or exchangeable for shares of capital stock or
other voting securities or ownership interests in Company Subsidiaries or (ii)
options or other rights to acquire from Company or Company Subsidiaries, or
other obligation of Company or Company Subsidiaries to issue, any capital stock
or other voting securities or ownership interests in, or any securities
convertible into or exchangeable for any capital stock or other voting
securities or ownership interests in, Company Subsidiaries (the items in
clauses (i) and (ii) being referred to collectively as the "Company
Subsidiaries Securities").
There are no outstanding obligations of Company or
Company Subsidiaries to repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any of Company
Subsidiaries Securities.

   
Section 4.07.
SEC Filings.
(a) Company has timely filed all forms, reports,
schedules, statements and other documents required to be filed by it since
February 18, 1999 under the 1933 Act or 1934 Act (the "Company SEC Documents").

Company has made available to Parent true and complete copies of Company SEC
Documents.

                                      
A-10

   (b) As of its filing date, each Company SEC Document complied as to form in
all material respects with the applicable requirements of the 1933 Act and the
1934 Act, as the case may be.

   
(c) As of its filing date (or, if amended or superceded by a filing prior
to the date hereof, on the date of such filing), each Company SEC Document
filed pursuant to the 1934 Act did not contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make
the statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances under which
they were made, not misleading.

   
(d)
Each Company SEC Document that is a registration statement, as amended
or supplemented, if applicable, filed pursuant to the 1933 Act, as of the date
such registration statement or amendment became effective, did not contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not
misleading.

   
(e) The Company Subsidiaries are not required to file any forms, reports or
other documents with the SEC.

   
Section 4.08.
Financial Statements.
The audited consolidated financial
statements and unaudited consolidated interim financial statements of Company
included in the Company SEC Documents (i) complied as to form in all material
respects with the published rules and regulations of the SEC with respect
thereto, (ii) were prepared in conformity with GAAP (except as may be
indicated in the notes thereto), and (iii) fairly present the consolidated
financial position of the Company and its consolidated Company Subsidiaries as
of the dates thereof and their consolidated results of operations and cash
flows for the periods then ended (subject to normal year-end adjustments in
the case of any unaudited interim financial statements).

   
Section 4.09.
Disclosure Documents.
(a) The proxy or information statement
of Company to be filed with the SEC in connection with the Merger (the
"Company Proxy Statement") and any amendments or supplements thereto will,
when filed, comply as to form in all material respects with the applicable
requirements of the 1934 Act.
At the time the Company Proxy Statement or any
amendment or supplement thereto is first mailed to shareholders of Company,
and at the time such shareholders vote on adoption of this Agreement, the
Company Proxy Statement, as supplemented or amended, if applicable, will not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material
fact necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in the light of
the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.
The
representations and warranties contained in this Section 4.09(a) will not
apply to statements or omissions included in the Company Proxy Statement based
upon information furnished to Company by Parent or Merger Subsidiary
specifically for use therein.

   
(b) None of the information provided by Company for inclusion in the
Registration Statement or any amendment or supplement thereto or in the Parent
Proxy Statement, at the time the Registration Statement or any amendment or
supplement becomes effective or at the time the Parent Proxy Statement is
first mailed to Parent's stockholders, and at the time such stockholders vote
upon the issuance of shares of Parent Stock in connection with the Merger and
at the Effective Time, will contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in
order to make the statements therein not misleading.

   
Section 4.10 Agreements, Contracts and Commitments.
Neither Company nor any
Company Subsidiary is a party to or is bound by:

   (a) any employment or consulting agreement, contract or commitment with any
officer or director or higher level employee or member of Company's Board of
Directors, other than those that are terminable by Company or any Company
Subsidiary on no more than thirty (30) days' notice without liability or
financial obligation to Company.

   
(b) any agreement or plan, including, without limitation, any stock option
plan, stock appreciation right plan or stock purchase plan, any of the
benefits of which will be increased, or the vesting of benefits of which will
be accelerated, by the occurrence of any of the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement or the value of any of the benefits of which will be calculated
on the basis of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement;

                                     A-11

   (c) any agreement of indemnification or any guaranty other than (i) any
agreement of indemnification entered into in connection with the sale or
license of software products in the ordinary course of business, or (ii) any
indemnification obligation of the Company or any Company Subsidiary to its
officers or directors;

   (d) any agreement, contract or commitment containing any covenant limiting
in any respect the right of Company or any Company Subsidiary to engage in any
line of business or to compete with any person or granting any exclusive
distribution rights;

   (e) any agreement, contract or commitment currently in force relating to the
disposition or acquisition by Company or any Company Subsidiary after the date
of this Agreement of a material amount of assets not in the ordinary course of
business or pursuant to which Company has any material ownership interest in
any corporation, partnership, joint venture or other business enterprise other
than Company Subsidiaries;

   (f) any dealer, distributor, joint marketing or development agreement
currently in force under which Company or any Company Subsidiary has continuing
material obligations to jointly market any product, technology or service and
which may not be canceled without penalty upon notice of ninety (90) days or
less and, in the case of dealer, distributor or joint marketing agreements,
which involve payments by or to the Company of $500,000 or more, or any
material agreement pursuant to which Company or any Company Subsidiary has
continuing material obligations to jointly develop any intellectual property
that will not be owned, in whole or in part, by Company or Company
Subsidiaries;

   (g) any agreement, contract or commitment currently in force to provide
source code to any third party for any product or technology other than source
code escrow agreements or other similar arrangements entered into in the normal
course of business;

   (h) any agreement, contract or commitment currently in force to license any
third party to manufacture or reproduce any Company product, service or
technology or any agreement, contract or commitment currently in force to sell
or distribute any Company products, including any parts or components thereof,
service or technology except agreements with distributors or sales
representative in the normal course of business cancelable without penalty upon
notice of ninety (90) days or less and substantially in the form previously
provided to Parent;

   (i) any material mortgages, indentures, guarantees, loans or credit
agreements or other agreements or instruments relating to the borrowing of
money or extension of credit;

   (j) any settlement agreement entered into prior to the date of this
Agreement; or

   (k) any other agreement, contract or commitment that includes receipts or
expenditures of $1,000,000 or more individually.

   
Neither Company nor any Company Subsidiaries, nor to Company's knowledge any
other party to a Company Contract (as defined below), is in breach, violation
or default under, and neither Company nor any Company Subsidiaries has received
written notice that it has breached, violated or defaulted under, any of the
material terms or conditions of any of the agreements, contracts or commitments
to which Company or any Company Subsidiary is a party or by which it is bound
that are required to be disclosed as exceptions to this Section 4.10 (any such
agreement, contract or commitment, a "Company Contract") in such a manner as
would permit any other party to cancel or terminate any such Company Contract,
or would permit any other party to seek material damages or other remedies (for
any or all of such breaches, violations or defaults, in the aggregate.)

   
Each Company Contract: (i) is valid and binding on the Company or its
Subsidiaries, as the case may be and, to the knowledge of the Company, on the
other parties thereto, and is in full force and effect, and (ii) upon
consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, shall continue
in full force and effect without penalty or other adverse consequence.
To the
knowledge of the Company, no other party to any Company Contract is in material
breach thereof or material default thereunder.

                                      
A-12

   Section 4.11.
Absence of Certain Changes.
Since September 30, 2000, the
business of Company and Company Subsidiaries has been conducted in the ordinary
course consistent with past practices and there has not been:

   (a) any event, occurrence, development or state of circumstances or facts
that has had or could reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the
aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Company;

   (b) any declaration, setting aside or payment of any dividend or other
distribution with respect to any shares of capital stock of Company or Company
Subsidiaries, or any repurchase, redemption or other acquisition by Company or
any Company Subsidiaries of any outstanding shares of capital stock or other
securities of, or other ownership interests in, Company or Company
Subsidiaries;

   (c) any amendment of any material term of any outstanding security of
Company or Company Subsidiaries;

   (d) any incurrence, assumption or guarantee by Company or Company
Subsidiaries of any indebtedness for borrowed money other than in the ordinary
course of business and in amounts and on terms consistent with past practices;

   (e) any creation or other incurrence by Company or Company Subsidiaries of
any Lien on any material asset other than in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practices;

   (f) any making of any material loan, advance or capital contributions to or
investment in any Person other than loans, advances or capital contributions to
or investments in any Company Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practices;

   (g) any damage, destruction or other casualty loss (whether or not covered
by insurance) affecting the business or assets of Company or Company
Subsidiaries;

   (h) any transaction or commitment made, or any contract or agreement entered
into, by Company or Company Subsidiaries relating to its assets or business
(including the acquisition or disposition of any assets) or any relinquishment
by Company or Company Subsidiaries of any contract or other right, in either
case, material to Company and Company Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, other
than transactions and commitments in the ordinary course of business consistent
with past practices and those contemplated by this Agreement;

   (i) any change in any method of accounting, method of tax accounting or
accounting principles or practice by Company or Company Subsidiaries, except
for any such change required by reason of a concurrent change in GAAP or
Regulation S-X under the 1934 Act;

   (j) any (i) grant of any severance or termination pay to (or amendment to
any existing arrangement with) any director, officer or employee of Company or
Company Subsidiaries, (ii) increase in benefits payable under any existing
severance or termination pay policies or employment agreements, (iii) entering
into any employment, deferred compensation or other similar agreement (or any
amendment to any such existing agreement) with any director, officer or
employee of Company or Company Subsidiaries, (iv) establishment, adoption or
amendment (except as required by applicable law) of any collective bargaining,
bonus, profit-sharing, thrift, pension, retirement, deferred compensation,
compensation, stock option, restricted stock or other benefit plan or
arrangement covering any director, officer or employee of Company or any
Company Subsidiary or (v) increase in compensation, bonus or other benefits
payable to any director, officer or employee of Company or Company
Subsidiaries, other than in the ordinary course of business consistent with
past practice;

   (k) any material Tax election made or changed, any annual tax accounting
period changed, any method of tax accounting adopted or changed, any material
amended Tax Returns or claims for material Tax refunds filed, any material
closing agreement entered into, any material Tax claim, audit or assessment
settled, or any right to claim a material Tax refund, offset or other reduction
in Tax liability surrendered; or

                                      A-13

   (l) any revaluation by Company or Company Subsidiaries of any of its assets,
including, without limitation, writing down the value of capitalized inventory
or writing off notes or accounts receivable other than in the ordinary course
of business.

   
Section 4.12.
No Undisclosed Material Liabilities.
There are no liabilities
or obligations of Company or any Company Subsidiary of any kind whatsoever,
whether accrued, contingent, absolute, determined, determinable or otherwise,
of a nature required to be disclosed on a balance sheet or in the related notes
to consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP, other
than:

   (a) liabilities or obligations disclosed and provided for in the Company
Balance Sheet or in the notes thereto or in the Company SEC Documents filed
prior to the date hereof, and

   (b) liabilities or obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practices since the Company Balance Sheet Date that are
immaterial in the aggregate.

   
Section 4.13.
Compliance with Laws and Court Orders.
Company and Company
Subsidiaries are and have been in compliance with, and to the knowledge of
Company, are not under investigation with respect to and have not been
threatened to be charged with or given notice of any violation of, any
applicable law, statute, ordinance, rule, regulation, judgment, injunction,
order or decree, except for failures to comply or violations that have not had
and could not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate,
a Material Adverse Effect on Company.

   
Section 4.14.
Litigation.
Except as set forth in Company SEC Documents filed
prior to the date hereof, there is no action, suit, investigation or proceeding
(or to the knowledge of the Company any basis therefor) pending against, or, to
the knowledge of Company, threatened against, Company, Company Subsidiaries,
any present or former officer, director or employee of Company or Company
Subsidiaries or any Person for whom Company or Company Subsidiaries may be
liable or any of their respective properties before any court or arbitrator or
before or by any governmental body, agency or official, domestic, foreign or
supranational, that, if determined or resolved adversely in accordance with the
plaintiff's demands, could reasonably be expected to have, individually or in
the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Company or that in any manner
challenges or seeks to prevent, enjoin, alter or materially delay the Merger or
any of the other transactions contemplated hereby.

   
Section 4.15.
Finders' Fees.
Except for Dain Rauscher Wessels, a copy of
whose engagement agreement dated January 8, 2001 has been provided to Parent,
there is no investment banker, broker, finder or other intermediary that has
been retained by or is authorized to act on behalf of Company or Company
Subsidiaries who might be entitled to any fee or commission from Company or any
of its Affiliates in connection with the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.

   
Section 4.16.
Opinion of Financial Advisor.
Company has received the opinion
of Dain Rauscher Wessels, financial advisor to Company, to the effect that, as
of the date of this Agreement, the Merger Consideration is fair to Company's
shareholders from a financial point of view.

   
Section 4.17.
Taxes.
(a) All material Tax Returns required by applicable law
to be filed with any Taxing Authority by, or on behalf of, Company or Company
Subsidiaries have been filed when due in accordance with all applicable laws,
and all such material Tax Returns were (at the time they were filed), or will
be at the time of filing, true and complete in all material respects.

   (b) Company and Company Subsidiaries has paid (or has had paid on its
behalf) or has withheld and remitted to the appropriate Taxing Authority all
material Taxes due and payable prior to the date hereof, or, where payment is
not yet due, has established (or has had established on its behalf and for its
sole benefit and recourse) in accordance with GAAP an adequate accrual for all
material Taxes through the end of the last period for which Company and Company
Subsidiaries ordinarily record items on their respective books.

                                      A-14

   (c) There is no claim, audit, action, suit, proceeding or investigation, or
any basis therefore, now pending or, to the knowledge of Company, threatened
against or with respect to Company or Company Subsidiaries in respect of any
Tax or Tax asset.

   (d) Schedule 4.17(d) contains a list of all jurisdictions in which Company
or Company Subsidiaries currently files Tax Returns.

   
(e) Company and Company Subsidiaries as of the Effective Time will have
withheld with respect to its employees all Taxes required to be withheld from
such employees' salaries, wages and other compensation, except such Taxes which
are not material to Company.

   
(f) Neither Company nor Company Subsidiaries have executed any unexpired
waiver of any statute of limitations on or extending the period for the
assessment or collection of any Tax.

   
(g) No material adjustments relating to any Tax Returns filed by Company or
Company Subsidiaries has been proposed in writing formally or informally by any
Taxing Authority to Company or Company Subsidiaries or any representative
thereof.

   
(h) There is no contract, agreement, plan or arrangement to which Company or
any Company Subsidiary is a party as of the date of this Agreement, including
but not limited to the provisions of this Agreement, concerning any employee or
former employee of Company or Company Subsidiaries that, individually or
collectively, would reasonably be expected to give rise to the payment of any
amount that would not be deductible pursuant to Sections 280G, 404 or 162(m) of
the Code.
There is no contract, agreement, plan or arrangements to which
Company is a party or by which it is bound to compensate any individual for
excise taxes paid pursuant to Section 4999 of the Code.

   
(i) Neither Company nor Company Subsidiaries has filed any consent agreement
under Section 341(f) of the Code or agreed to have Section 341(f)(2) of the
Code apply to any disposition of a subsection (f) asset (as defined in Section
341(f)(4) of the Code) owned by Company or Company Subsidiaries.

   
(j) "Tax" means (i) any tax, governmental fee or other like assessment or
charge of any kind whatsoever (including, but not limited to, withholding on
amounts paid to or by any Person), together with any interest, penalty,
addition to tax or additional similar amount imposed by any governmental
authority (a "Taxing Authority") responsible for the imposition of any such tax
(domestic or foreign), and any liability for any of the foregoing as
transferee, (ii) in the case of Company or Company Subsidiaries, liability for
the payment of any amount of the type described in clause (i) as a result of
being or having been before the Closing Date a member of an affiliated,
consolidated, combined or unitary group, or a party to any agreement or
arrangement, as a result of which liability of Company or Company Subsidiaries
to a Taxing Authority is determined or taken into account with reference to the
activities of any other Person, and (iii) liability of Company or Company
Subsidiaries for the payment of any amount as a result of being party to any
Tax sharing agreement or with respect to the payment of any amount imposed on
any person of the type described in (i) or (ii) as a result of any existing
express or implied agreement or arrangement (including, but not limited to, an
indemnification agreement or arrangement).
"Tax Return" shall mean any report,
return, document, declaration or other information or filing required to be
supplied to any Taxing Authority with respect to Taxes, including information
returns, any documents with respect to or accompanying payments of estimated
Taxes, or with respect to or accompanying requests for the extension of time in
which to file any such report, return, document, declaration or other
information.

   
Section 4.18.
Employee Benefit Plans.
(a) Schedule 4.18 contains a correct
and complete list identifying each material "employee benefit plan", as defined
in Section 3(3) of ERISA, each employment, severance or similar contract, plan,
arrangement or policy and each other plan or arrangement (written or oral)
providing for compensation, bonuses, profit-sharing, stock option or other
stock related rights or other forms of incentive or deferred compensation,
vacation benefits, insurance (including any self-insured arrangements),

                                      A-15

health or medical benefits, employee assistance program, disability or sick
leave benefits, workers' compensation, supplemental unemployment benefits,
severance benefits and post-employment or retirement benefits (including
compensation, pension, health, medical or life insurance benefits) which is
maintained, administered or contributed to by Company or any ERISA Affiliate
and covers any employee or former employee of Company or any Company
Subsidiary, or with respect to which Company or any Company Subsidiary has any
liability.
Copies of such plans (and, if applicable, related trust or funding
agreements or insurance policies) and all amendments thereto and written
interpretations thereof have been furnished to Parent together with the most
recent annual report (Form 5500 including, if applicable, Schedule B thereto)
and tax return (Form 990) prepared in connection with any such plan or trust.

Such plans are referred to collectively herein as the "Employee Plans".

   (b) Neither Company nor any ERISA Affiliate nor any predecessor thereof
sponsors, maintains or contributes to, or has in the past six years sponsored,
maintained or contributed to, any employee plan subject to Title IV of ERISA.

   
(c) Neither Company nor any ERISA Affiliate nor any predecessor thereof
contributes to, or has in the past six years contributed to, any multiemployer
plan, as defined in Section 3(37) of ERISA (a "Multiemployer Plan").

   
(d)
Each Employee Plan which is intended to be qualified under Section
401(a) of the Code has received a favorable determination letter, or has
pending or has time remaining in which to file, an application for such
determination from the Internal Revenue Service, and Company is not aware of
any reason why any such determination letter should be revoked.
Company has
made available to Parent copies of the most recent Internal Revenue Service
determination letters with respect to each such Employee Plan.
Each Employee
Plan has been maintained in material compliance with its terms and with the
requirements prescribed by any and all statutes, orders, rules and regulations,
including but not limited to ERISA and the Code, which are applicable to such
Employee Plan.
No material events have occurred with respect to any Employee
Plan that could result in payment or assessment by or against Company of any
material excise taxes under Sections 4972, 4975, 4976, 4977, 4979, 4980B,
4980D, 4980E or 5000 of the Code.

   
(e) The consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement will
not (either alone or together with any other event) entitle any Director,
Officer, employee, agent, representative, or independent contractor of Company
or any Company Subsidiary to severance pay, any bonus, retirement, job security
or similar benefit or accelerate the time of payment or vesting or trigger any
payment of funding (through a grantor trust or otherwise) of compensation or
benefits under, increase the amount payable or trigger any other material
obligation pursuant to, any Employee Plan.

   
(f) Neither Company nor Company Subsidiaries has any liability in respect of
post-retirement health, medical or life insurance benefits for retired, former
or current employees of Company or Company Subsidiaries except as required to
avoid excise tax under Section 4980B of the Code.

   
(g) There has been no amendment to, written interpretation or announcement
(whether or not written) by Company or any of its Affiliates relating to, or
change in employee participation or coverage under, an Employee Plan which
would increase materially the expense of maintaining such Employee Plan above
the level of the expense incurred in respect thereof for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 1999.

   
(h) Neither Company nor Company Subsidiaries is a party to or subject to, or
is currently negotiating in connection with entering into, any collective
bargaining agreement or other contract or understanding with a labor union or
organization.

   
(i) All contributions and payments accrued under each Employee Plan,
determined in accordance with prior funding and accrual practices, as adjusted
to include proportional accruals for the period ending as of the date hereof,
have been discharged and paid on or prior to the date hereof except to the
extent reflected as a liability on the Balance Sheet.

                                      
A-16

   (j)
There is no action, suit, investigation, audit or proceeding pending
against or involving or, to the knowledge of Company, threatened against or
involving, any Employee Plan before any court or arbitrator or any state,
federal or local governmental body, agency or official.

   
Section 4.19.
Environmental Matters.
(a) Except as set forth in Company SEC
Documents prior to the date hereof and except as could not reasonably be
expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect
on Company:

     (i) no notice, notification, demand, request for information, citation,
  summons or order has been received, no complaint has been filed, no penalty
  has been assessed, and no investigation, action, claim, suit, proceeding or
  review (or, to the knowledge of Company, any basis therefor) is pending or,
  to the knowledge of Company, is threatened by any governmental entity or
  other Person relating to or arising out of any Environmental Law;

     (ii) Company is and has been in compliance with all Environmental Laws
  and all Environmental Permits; and

     (iii) there are no liabilities of or relating to Company or Company
  Subsidiaries of any kind whatsoever, whether accrued, contingent, absolute,
  determined, determinable or otherwise arising under or relating to any
  Environmental Law and there are no facts, conditions, situations or set of
  circumstances that could reasonably be expected to result in or be the
  basis for any such liability.

   
(b) There has been no environmental investigation, study, audit, test,
review or other analysis conducted of which Company has knowledge in relation
to the current or prior business of Company or Company Subsidiaries or any
property or facility now or previously leased by Company or Company
Subsidiaries that has not been delivered to Parent at least five days prior to
the date hereof.

   
(c)
For purposes of this Section 4.19, the terms "Company" and "Subsidiary"
shall include any entity that is, in whole or in part, a predecessor of Company
or Company Subsidiaries.

   
Section 4.20.
Company Intellectual Property.
For the purposes of this
Agreement, the following terms have the following definitions:

   "Intellectual Property" shall mean any or all of the following and all
rights in, arising, out of, or associated therewith: (i) all United States,
international and foreign patents and applications therefor and all reissues,
divisions, renewals, extensions, provisionals, continuations and continuations-
in-part thereof; (ii) all inventions (whether patentable or not), invention
disclosures, improvements, trade secrets, proprietary information, know how,
technology, technical data and customer lists, and all documentation relating
to any of the foregoing; (iii) all copyrights, copyrights registrations and
applications therefor, and all other rights corresponding thereto throughout
the world; (iv) all industrial designs and any registrations and applications
therefor throughout the world; (v) all trade names, logos, common law
trademarks and service marks, trademark and service mark registrations and
applications therefor throughout the world; (vi) all databases and data
collections and all rights therein throughout the world; (vii) all moral and
economic rights of authors and inventors, however denominated, throughout the
world, and (viii) any similar or equivalent rights to any of the foregoing
anywhere in the world.

   
"Company Intellectual Property" shall mean any Intellectual Property that is
owned by, or exclusively licensed to, Company or Company Subsidiaries.

   
"Registered Intellectual Property" means all United States, international
and foreign: (i) patents and patent applications (including provisional
applications); (ii) registered trademarks, applications to register trademarks,
intent-to-use applications, or other registrations or applications related to
trademarks; (iii) registered copyrights and applications for copyright
registration; and (iv) any other Intellectual Property that is the subject of
an application, certificate, filing, registration or other document issued,
filed with, or recorded by any state, government or other public legal
authority.

                                      
A-17

   "Company Registered Intellectual Property" means all of the Registered
Intellectual Property owned by, or filed in the name of, Company or Company
Subsidiaries.

   (a) Section 4.20 of Company Schedules is a complete and accurate list of all
Company Registered Intellectual Property and specifies, where applicable, the
jurisdictions in which each such item of Company Registered Intellectual
Property has been issued or registered.

   (b) No Company Intellectual Property or product or service of Company or
Company Subsidiaries is subject to any proceeding or outstanding decree, order,
judgment, contract, license, agreement, or stipulation restricting in any
manner the use, transfer, or licensing thereof by Company or Company
Subsidiaries, or which may affect the validity, use or enforceability of such
Company Intellectual Property.

   (c) Company owns and has good and exclusive title to, or has license to use
(sufficient for the conduct of its business as currently conducted and as
proposed to be conducted), each item of Company Intellectual Property or other
Intellectual Property used by Company or Company Subsidiaries free and clear of
any lien or encumbrance (excluding licenses and related restrictions); and
Company or Company Subsidiaries is the exclusive owner of all trademarks and
trade names used in connection with the operation or conduct of the business of
Company and Company Subsidiaries, including the sale of any products or the
provision of any services by Company and Company Subsidiaries.

   (d) Company or Company Subsidiaries owns exclusively, and has good title to,
all copyrighted works that are Company or Company Subsidiaries products or
which Company or Company Subsidiaries otherwise expressly purports to own.

   
(e)
To the extent that any Intellectual Property has been developed or
created by a third party for Company or Company Subsidiaries, Company has a
written agreement with such third party with respect thereto and Company
thereby either (i) has obtained ownership of, and is the exclusive owner of, or
(ii) has obtained a license (sufficient for the conduct of its business as
currently conducted and as proposed to be conducted) to all such third party's
Intellectual Property in such work, material or invention by operation of law
or by valid assignment, to the fullest extent it is legally possible to do so.

   (f) Neither Company nor Company Subsidiary has transferred ownership of, or
granted any exclusive license with respect to, any Intellectual Property that
is or was material Company Intellectual Property, to any third party.

   
(g) The operation of the business of Company and Company Subsidiaries as
such business currently is conducted, including Company's and Company
Subsidiaries' design, development, manufacture, marketing and sale of the
products or services of Company and Company Subsidiaries (including products,
currently under development) has not, does not and, to the knowledge of
Company, will not infringe or misappropriate the Intellectual Property of any
third party or, to its knowledge, constitute unfair competition or trade
practices under the laws of any jurisdiction.

   
(h) Neither Company nor Company Subsidiaries has received notice from any
third party that the operation of the business of Company or Company
Subsidiaries or any act, product or service of Company or Company Subsidiaries,
may infringe or misappropriate the Intellectual Property of any third party or
constitutes unfair competition or trade practices under the laws of any
jurisdiction.

   
(i)
To the knowledge of Company, no person has or is infringing or
misappropriating any Company Intellectual Property.

   
(j) Company and Company Subsidiaries have taken reasonable steps to protect
Company's and Company Subsidiaries' rights in Company's confidential
information and trade secrets that it wishes to protect or any trade secrets or
confidential information of third parties provided to Company or Company
Subsidiaries, and,

                                      A-18

without limiting the foregoing, each of Company and Company Subsidiaries has
and enforces a policy requiring each employee and contractor to execute a
proprietary information/confidentiality agreement substantially in the form
provided to Parent and all current and former employees and contractors of
Company and Company Subsidiaries have executed such an agreement, except where
the failure to do so is not reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect on Company.

   
Section 4.21.
Tax Treatment.
Neither Company nor any of its Affiliates has
taken or agreed to take any action, or is aware of any fact or circumstance,
that would prevent the Merger from qualifying as a reorganization within the
meaning of Section 368 of the Code (a "368 Reorganization").

   
Section 4.22.
Antitakeover Statutes and Rights Agreement.
Company has taken
all action necessary to exempt the Merger, this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated hereby from Sections 60.801 through 60.816 of Oregon Law, and,
accordingly, neither such Section nor any other antitakeover or similar statute
or regulation applies or purports to apply to any such transactions.

                                   
ARTICLE 5

                    Representations and Warranties of Parent

   Parent represents and warrants to Company subject to the exceptions
specifically in the disclosure letter supplied by Parent to Company dated as of
the date hereof, which disclosure shall provide an exception to or otherwise
qualify the representations or warranties of Parent contained in the section of
this Agreement corresponding by number to such disclosure and the other
representations and warranties herein to the extent such disclosure shall
reasonably appear to be applicable to such other representations or warranties
that:

   Section 5.01.
Corporate Existence and Power.
Each of Parent and Merger
Subsidiary is a corporation duly incorporated, validly existing and in good
standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation and has all
corporate powers and all governmental licenses, authorizations, permits,
consents and approvals required to carry on its business as now conducted,
except for those licenses, authorizations, permits, consents and approvals the
absence of which would not have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material
Adverse Effect on Parent.
Parent is duly qualified to do business as a foreign
corporation and is in good standing as a foreign corporation in each
jurisdiction where such qualification is necessary, except for those
jurisdictions where failure to be so qualified would not have, individually or
in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Parent.
Parent has heretofore
delivered to Company true and complete copies of the certificate of
incorporation and bylaws of Parent as currently in effect and no amendments
have been made to such documents since the date of such delivery.
Since the
date of its incorporation, Merger Subsidiary has not engaged in any activities
other than in connection with or as contemplated by this Agreement.

   
Section 5.02.
Corporate Authorization.
The execution, delivery and
performance by Parent and Merger Subsidiary of this Agreement and the
consummation by Parent and Merger Subsidiary of the transactions contemplated
hereby are within the corporate powers of Parent and Merger Subsidiary and have
been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action.
Assuming due
authorization, execution and delivery of this Agreement by Company, this
Agreement constitutes a valid and binding agreement of each of Parent and
Merger Subsidiary, enforceable against each of Parent and Merger Subsidiary in
accordance with its terms.

   
Section 5.03.
Governmental Authorization.
The execution, delivery and
performance by Parent and Merger Subsidiary of this Agreement and the
consummation by Parent and Merger Subsidiary of the transactions contemplated
hereby require no action by or in respect of, or filing with, any governmental
body, agency, official or authority, domestic, foreign or supranational, other
than (i) the filing of the articles of merger with respect to the Merger with
the Oregon Secretary of State and appropriate documents with the relevant
authorities of other states in which Parent is qualified to do business, (ii)
compliance with any applicable requirements of the HSR Act, (iii) compliance
with any applicable requirements of the 1933 Act, the 1934 Act

                                      A-19

and any other securities laws, whether state or foreign, and (iv) any actions
or filings the absence of which would not be reasonably expected to have,
individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Parent or
materially to impair the ability of Parent to consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.

   
Section 5.04.
Non-contravention.
The execution and delivery by Parent and
Merger Subsidiary of this Agreement and the performance of this Agreement by
Parent and Merger Subsidiary will not (i) contravene, conflict with, or result
in any violation or breach of any provision of the certificate of incorporation
or bylaws of Parent or Merger Subsidiary, (ii) assuming compliance with the
matters referred to in Section 5.03, contravene, conflict with or result in a
violation or breach of any provision of any law, rule, statute, regulation,
judgment, injunction, order or decree, (iii) require any consent or other
action by any Person under, constitute a default under, or cause or permit the
termination, cancellation, acceleration or other change of any right or
obligation or the loss of any benefit to which Parent or any of its
Subsidiaries is entitled under any provision of any agreement or other
instrument binding upon Parent or any of its Subsidiaries or any license,
franchise, permit, certificate, approval or other similar authorization
affecting, or relating in any way to, the assets or business of Parent and its
Subsidiaries or (iv) result in the creation or imposition of any Lien on any
asset of Parent or any of its Subsidiaries, except for such contraventions,
conflicts and violations referred to in clause (ii) and for such failures to
obtain any such consent or other action, defaults, terminations, cancellations,
accelerations, changes, losses or Liens referred to in clauses (iii) and (iv)
that would not be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the
aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Parent or materially to impair the
ability of Parent and Merger Subsidiary to consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.

   
Section 5.05.
Capitalization.
(a) The authorized capital stock of Parent
consists of 100,000,000 shares of Common Stock, par value $.001 per share and
5,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock par value $.001 per share.
As of December
31, 2000, there were outstanding 39,584,175 shares of Common Stock, no
outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, stock options to purchase an aggregate
of 6,898,014 shares of Parent Common Stock and 2,350,000 shares of Common Stock
reserved for issuance under Parent's employee stock purchase plans.
All
outstanding shares of capital stock of Parent have been, and all shares that
may be issued pursuant to Parent stock options will be, when issued in
accordance with the respective terms thereof, duly authorized, validly issued,
fully paid and nonassessable.

   
(b)
Except as set forth in this Section 5.05 and for changes since December
31, 2000 resulting from the exercise of stock options, issuances under Parent's
employee stock purchase plan or the grant of stock based compensation to
directors or employees or from the issuance of stock in connection with a
merger or other acquisition or business combination determined by Parent's
Board of Directors to be in the best interests of Parent and its stockholders,
there are no other outstanding (i) shares of capital stock or voting securities
of Parent, (ii) securities of Parent convertible into or exchangeable for
shares of capital stock or voting securities of Parent or (iii) options or
other rights to acquire from Parent or other obligation of Parent to issue, any
capital stock, voting securities or securities convertible into or exchangeable
for capital stock or voting securities of Parent.
There are no outstanding
obligations of Parent or any of its Subsidiaries to repurchase, redeem or
otherwise acquire any of the securities referred to in clause (i), (ii) or
(iii) above.

   (c) The shares of Parent Stock to be issued as part of the Merger
Consideration have been duly authorized and, when issued and delivered in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement, will have been validly issued and
will be fully paid and nonassessable and the issuance thereof is not subject to
any preemptive or other similar right.

   
Section 5.06.
Subsidiaries.
(a) Schedule 5.06 lists all subsidiaries of
Parent and their jurisdictions of incorporation as of the date hereof ("Parent
Subsidiaries").
Parent Subsidiaries are duly incorporated, validly existing and
in good standing under the laws of their jurisdictions of incorporation, have
all corporate powers and all governmental licenses, authorizations, permits,
consents and approvals required to carry on their respective businesses as now
conducted, except for those licenses, authorizations, permits, consents and
approvals the absence of which would not have, individually or in the
aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on

                                      A-20

Parent.
Parent Subsidiaries are duly qualified to do business as foreign
corporations in each jurisdiction where such qualification is necessary, except
for those jurisdictions where failure to be so qualified would not have,
individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Parent.

   
(b) All of the outstanding capital stock of, or other voting securities or
ownership interests in, Parent Subsidiaries, is owned by Parent, directly or
indirectly, free and clear of any Lien and free of any other limitation or
restriction (including any restriction on the right to vote, sell or otherwise
dispose of such capital stock or other voting securities or ownership
interests).
There are no outstanding (i) securities of Parent or Parent
Subsidiaries convertible into or exchangeable for shares of capital stock or
other voting securities or ownership interests in Parent Subsidiaries or (ii)
options or other rights to acquire from Parent or Parent Subsidiaries, or other
obligation of Parent or Parent Subsidiaries to issue, any capital stock or
other voting securities or ownership interests in, or any securities
convertible into or exchangeable for any capital stock or other voting
securities or ownership interests in, Parent Subsidiaries (the items in clauses
(i) and (ii) being referred to collectively as the "Parent Subsidiaries
Securities").
There are no outstanding obligations of Parent or Parent
Subsidiaries to repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any of Parent
Subsidiaries Securities.

   
Section 5.07.
SEC Filings.
(a) Parent has timely filed with the SEC all
forms, reports, schedules, statements and other documents required to be filed
by it since July 29, 1999 under the 1933 Act and 1934 Act (the Documents
referred to in this Section 5.06(a), collectively, the "Parent SEC Documents").

Parent has made available to Company true and complete copies of the Parent SEC
Documents.

   
(b) As of its filing date or, if amended or superseded by a filing prior to
the date hereof, on the date of such filing, each Parent SEC Document complied
as to form in all material respects with the applicable requirements of the
1933 Act and 1934 Act, as the case may be.

   
(c) As of its filing date, each Parent SEC Document filed pursuant to the
1934 Act did not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made therein,
in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

   
(d)
Each Parent SEC Document that is a registration statement, as amended or
supplemented, if applicable, filed pursuant to the 1933 Act, as of the date
such registration statement or amendment became effective, did not contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required
to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not
misleading.

   
(e) Other than as included within the Parent SEC Documents, the Parent
Subsidiaries are not required to file any forms, reports or other documents
with the SEC.

   
Section 5.08.
Financial Statements.
The audited consolidated financial
statements and unaudited consolidated interim financial statements of Parent
included in the Parent SEC Documents (i) complied as to form in all material
respects with the published rules and regulations of the SEC with respect
thereto, (ii) were prepared in conformity with GAAP (except as may be indicated
in the notes thereto), and (iii) fairly present the consolidated financial
position of Parent and its consolidated Parent Subsidiaries as of the dates
thereof and their consolidated results of operations and cash flows for the
periods then ended (subject to normal year-end adjustments in the case of any
unaudited interim financial statements).

   
Section 5.09.
Disclosure Documents.
(a) None of the information provided by
Parent for inclusion in the Company Proxy Statement or any amendment or
supplement thereto, at the time the Company Proxy Statement or any amendment or
supplement thereto is first mailed to shareholders of Company and at the time
the shareholders vote on adoption of this Agreement and at the Effective Time,
will contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any
material fact necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in the
light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

   
(b) The Registration Statement of Parent to be filed with the SEC with
respect to the offering of Parent Stock in connection with the Merger (the
"Registration Statement") and any amendments or supplements

                                      A-21

thereto and the proxy statement to be mailed to Parent's shareholders (the
"Parent Proxy Statement"), when filed, will comply as to form in all material
respects with the requirements of the 1933 Act and the 1934 Act.
At the time
the Registration Statement or any amendment or supplement thereto becomes
effective and at the Effective Time, at the time the Parent Proxy Statement is
first mailed to Parent's stockholders, at the time such stockholders vote upon
the issuance of shares of Parent Stock in connection with the Merger and at the
Effective Time, the Registration Statement, as amended or supplemented and the
Parent Proxy Statement, will not contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or
necessary in order to make the statements therein not misleading.
The
representations and warranties contained in this Section 5.09 will not apply to
statements or omissions in the Registration Statement or any amendment or
supplement thereto or in the Parent Proxy Statement based upon information
furnished to Parent or Merger Subsidiary by Company in writing specifically for
use therein.

   