URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1074767/000112528201001379/0001125282-01-001379.txt

THE MERGER

Background of the Merger

   During the course of the prior three years, various senior management
personnel of iVillage have been involved from time to time in discussions with
members of management of Hearst Communications and Women.com regarding a
variety of topics related to their businesses, including the possibility of
combining the two companies and the potential benefits of combining the two
companies.

    
On August 2, 2000, Douglas W. McCormick, Chief Executive Officer of
iVillage, met with Alfred Sikes, one of Hearst Communications' representatives
on the board of directors of Women.com.
Mr. McCormick was President and Chief
Executive Officer of Lifetime Television, a joint venture of The Hearst
Corporation and The Walt Disney Company, from 1993 to 1998 and, accordingly,
knew Mr. Sikes quite well.
At the meeting on August 2, 2000, Mr. McCormick and
Mr. Sikes talked generally about the possibility of combining iVillage and
Women.com, and referred to the potential transaction as a merger of equals.

Mr. McCormick and Mr. Sikes also discussed the relative strengths of the
iVillage and Women.com brands, and whether Mr. McCormick or Marleen McDaniel,
the Chief Executive Officer of Women.com, would head the combined company.
No
agreements on these topics were reached by Mr. McCormick and Mr. Sikes during
this meeting.

    
On August 9, 2000, Mr. McCormick had a breakfast meeting with Ms.
McDaniel.
This was the first meeting between Mr. McCormick and Ms. McDaniel
during which the potential business combination was discussed.
Mr. McCormick
asked Ms. McDaniel whether she would be interested in exploring a potential
business combination, and Ms. McDaniel did not dismiss the idea.
As was the
case with the August 2, 2000 meeting between Mr. McCormick and Mr. Sikes, the
two executives spoke of the potential transaction as a merger of equals.
Mr.
McCormick and Ms. McDaniel also discussed which of the two of them would act
as chief executive officer of the combined company, but no agreement on this
issue was reached.

    
Ms. McDaniel left telephone messages for Mr. McCormick on August 17, 2000
suggesting that Mr. McCormick might want to meet with Women.com's management
team in California.
On November 17, 2000, Ms. McDaniel called Mr. McCormick
and left a message that she would be in New York on December 6th, 7th and 8th,
and that she would like to schedule a meeting with Mr. McCormick.
Mr.
McCormick subsequently suggested a meeting on December 7, 2000 and, on
November 30, 2000, Ms. McDaniel confirmed her availability for that meeting,
and stated that Mr. Sikes would also be in attendance.

    
During the period from August 17, 2000 and October 5, 2000, Mr. McCormick
had several informal conversations with members of the iVillage board of
directors during which it became clear that the consensus of the iVillage
board was that there would be no support for a merger with Women.com unless
the transaction would result in the stockholders of iVillage owning more than
a majority of the outstanding shares of the combined company.

   
On October 5, 2000, there was a regular meeting of the board of directors of
iVillage.
During this meeting, John Curran, who was iVillage's Senior Vice
President--Corporate Development at the time, and Enrique Senior of Allen &
Company Incorporated, iVillage's financial advisor, provided the Board with a
presentation on several potential strategic partnerships and mergers being
explored by the iVillage board, including the potential merger with Women.com,
and Mr. McCormick summarized for the iVillage board the status of his
discussions with Mr. Sikes and Ms. McCormick.
The iVillage board of directors
authorized iVillage's management team to continue its discussions with Women.com
and Hearst Communications.
The iVillage board of directors confirmed the view
expressed informally through conversations with Mr. McCormick that there would
be no support for any transaction with Women.com unless it would result in the
iVillage stockholders owning more than a majority of the combined company.
The
iVillage board also expressed the view that if the transaction were to receive
its support, it would be necessary for the combined company to be operated at
the direction of iVillage's management, with Mr. McCormick as the Chief
Executive Officer.

   
On October 11, 2000, Mr. McCormick attended a black tie event in New York as
the guest of Jeff Sine of Morgan Stanley Dean Witter, Women.com's financial
advisor at the time.
During this event, Mr. Sine told Mr. McCormick that it
was Mr. Sine's belief that Women.com would not insist on a merger of equals
transaction, but rather would be receptive to considering a transaction where
the majority of the outstanding shares of the combined company would be held
by iVillage stockholders.

   
On December 7, 2000, Mr. Sikes and Ms. McDaniel met with Mr. McCormick and
Steven A. Elkes, Executive Vice President--Operations and Business Affairs of
iVillage, to continue the discussions relating to the possibility of combining
iVillage and Women.com.
During this meeting, Mr. McCormick communicated to Mr.
Sikes and Ms. McDaniel that the combination of iVillage and Women.com would
not be supported by him or the iVillage board unless iVillage's stockholders
ended up with more than a majority of the outstanding shares of the combined
company and Mr. McCormick served as the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman
of the Board of the combined company.
During this meeting, there was also a
general discussion of whether the combined company would be able to attract
more end-users and achieve greater economies of scale than the two companies
would were they to continue to operate as separate entities.
The meeting
concluded without agreement and no additional meetings or discussions where
scheduled, although Mr. Sikes and Ms. McDaniels agreed to think about the
issues discussed and report back to Mr. McCormick as to whether there
continued to be an interest in pursuing a potential business combination.

   
On December 21, 2000, Mr. McCormick met again with Mr. Sikes.
During this
meeting, they discussed in general terms the manner in which the combined
company would be operated, and which brands and channels would be continued
after the merger.
Mr. Sikes also indicated at this meeting that Hearst
Communications would support a combination where iVillage emerged in a
controlling position.
Mr. Sikes and Mr. McCormick agreed to continue their
discussions on the possible business combination and to expand the scope of
iVillage and Hearst Communications senior management involved in the
discussions.

   
On January 15, 2001, Mr. Sikes, James Asher, another of Hearst
Communications' representatives on the board of directors of Women.com, and
Mr. McCormick met to discuss the possibility of combining Women.com and
iVillage.
The management of the combined company was discussed, and Messrs.
Sikes and Asher expressed a willingness to move forward on the basis that Mr.
McCormick would be the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of
the combined entity.
Messrs. Sikes and Asher also agreed that a structure in
which iVillage stockholders ended up owning more than a majority of the
combined company would be acceptable, although there was no agreement on any
particular ownership percentage and, accordingly, no agreement on the exchange
ratio that would apply to the merger.
Messrs. Sikes and Asher, on behalf of
Hearst Communications, and Mr. McCormick, on behalf of iVillage, agreed to
submit the issue of the proposed business combination, on a preliminary basis,
to the respective board of directors of their companies.

   
On January 17, 2001, the board of directors of iVillage met to consider
several matters of business including, among other things, preliminary
discussions regarding the form of and parameters for any proposed business

combination with Women.com.
At this meeting, Mr. McCormick and other members
of senior management discussed the proposed transaction with the board and the
strategic reasons for the proposed transaction.
Upon completion of its
deliberations, the board of directors of iVillage authorized and directed Mr.
McCormick and other members of iVillage's senior management to pursue further
discussions with Hearst Communications and Women.com within parameters that
included a management structure of the combined company led by Mr. McCormick
and majority ownership of the combined company by iVillage stockholders.

   
On January 18, 2001, the board of directors of Women.com held their
regularly scheduled board meeting.
Several different  options were discussed
regarding the future of Women.com, including whether to remain an independent
company, seek alternative financing, merge with another company or be acquired
by another company.
Salomon Smith Barney, Women.com's financial advisor, gave
a presentation regarding different options.
A representative of Cooley Godward
LLP, Women.com's outside legal counsel, discussed the board's fiduciary duties
in considering a strategic business combination.
The Women.com board of
directors then directed Ms. McDaniel to pursue discussions with iVillage with
respect to a possible merger transaction with iVillage.

   
On January 22, 2000, Mr. McCormick, Mr. Elkes and Scott Levine, Chief
Financial Officer of iVillage, discussed with Allen & Company Incorporated,
iVillage's financial advisor, and various individual board members the
advantages and disadvantages of various types of business combinations.

   
On January 22, 2001, Ms. McDaniel, Mr. Sikes, Mr. Asher and Barry Weinman,
another member of the board of directors of Women.com, spoke by telephone
regarding the possibility of pursuing a transaction with iVillage.

   
On January 22, 2001, Mr. McCormick spoke by telephone with Mr. Sikes, Mr.
Asher and Mr. Weinman to discuss the potential of proceeding with discussions.

During the period of January 17, 2001 through January 24, 2001, there were a
series of telephone calls between Mr. McCormick, members of senior management
of iVillage and Messrs. Sikes and Asher on behalf of Hearst Communications and
Women.com regarding the structure of a proposed transaction, management
issues, corporate governance issues, the proposed exchange ratio, due
diligence issues and the structure of arrangements with Hearst Communications.

With regard to the structure of arrangements with Hearst Communications, Mr.
Asher stated that Hearst Communications would be willing, as part of the
proposed merger transaction, to make an investment in iVillage in the range of
$20.0 million to $25.0 million.
Mr. Asher discussed with senior management of
iVillage the form of this investment, and it was preliminarily agreed that
Hearst Communications would purchase both iVillage common stock and a warrant
to purchase iVillage common stock.
The parties discussed at length the manner
of pricing the securities that would be purchased by Hearst Communications and
the terms of the warrant, but no agreements on these issues were reached.

   
On January 23, 2001, Mr. Sikes, Mr. Asher, Ms. McDaniel and Erin Ruane,
Senior Vice President, Business and Corporate Development of Women.com, met
with Salomon Smith Barney to discuss financial aspects of the proposed
transaction, the structure of the transaction and the fairness of the
transaction from a financial point of view to the Women.com stockholders.

   
On January 24, 2001, Mr. McCormick, Mr. Elkes, Mr. Levine, and Jane
Tollinger, iVillage's Senior Vice President of Business Affairs, met with Mr.
Sikes, Ms. McDaniel, Ms. Ruane and Mr. Asher to discuss the specific structure
of the transaction, the exchange ratio, the strategic arrangements with Hearst
Communications and management structure.
The meeting concluded with no
agreement.

   
On January 25, 2001, Messrs. McCormick, Levine and Elkes, and Ms. Tollinger
met with Messrs. Sikes and Asher and Ronald J. Doerfler, Senior Vice President
and Chief Financial Officer of Hearst Communications, and continued to discuss
specific aspects of the proposed transaction structure, the Hearst
Communications investment issues, the exchange ratio, and management
structure.
The meeting concluded with no agreement on specific terms for the
proposed transaction.

   
On January 26, 2001, Ms. McDaniel and Mr. Asher briefed by telephone the
Women.com board of directors of the status of the proposed transaction.

   
On January 26, 2001, Mr. McCormick spoke by telephone with Mr. Asher
regarding specific aspects of the proposed transaction.

   
On January 29, 2001, Mr. McCormick and Mr. Levine spoke by telephone with
Ms. McDaniel and Mr. Sikes regarding specific aspects of the proposed
transaction.

   
On January 29, 2001, the board of directors of iVillage held a telephonic
meeting.
At the meeting, Mr. McCormick provided a report on the discussions
which had taken place with Women.com and Hearst Communications.
Mr. McCormick
also summarized the principal terms and open issues relating to a possible
transaction.
These open issues related primarily to corporate governance
matters including the number of board seats that Hearst Communications would
be entitled to and the manner in which that number would be adjusted in the
future, the extent to which Hearst Communications would be restricted from
increasing its ownership interest in iVillage and the voting restrictions that
would be imposed upon the shares of iVillage common stock that would be owned
by Hearst Communications after the merger.
A representative of Orrick,
Herrington & Sutcliffe LLP, iVillage's outside legal counsel, discussed the
board's fiduciary duties in considering a strategic business combination and
further discussed the principal terms of a draft agreement and plan of merger.

   
On January 29, 2001, iVillage and Women.com signed a confidentiality
agreement regarding the transaction to begin due diligence.

   
Beginning the week of January 29, 2001, there were a series of daily
telephone calls between members of senior management of iVillage and members
of senior management of Hearst Communications and Women.com regarding the
terms of the proposed transaction and due diligence matters.
In addition,
iVillage, Hearst Communications and Women.com and their respective advisors
intensified due diligence activities and preparation of definitive
documentation.
On January 31, 2001, Messrs. McCormick, Elkes and Levine and
Ms. Tollinger met with Messrs. Sikes and Asher to discuss specific aspects of
the transaction.

   
From February 1, 2001 through February 5, 2001, representatives of iVillage,
Hearst Communications and Women.com and their respective advisors conducted
due diligence and negotiated definitive documentation.

   
On February 2, 2001, the board of directors of iVillage met at the offices
of Orrick, Herrington & Sutcliffe LLP in New York, New York.
Mr. McCormick
provided an update of discussions with Hearst Communications and Women.com and
a review of the terms of the transaction and the strategic rationale for the
transaction.
Representatives of Allen & Company Incorporated presented to
iVillage's board of directors a summary of its financial analyses of the
transaction.
In addition, Allen & Company delivered its oral opinion that the
acquisition of Women.com and the investment in iVillage of an aggregate of
$20.0 million by Hearst Communications pursuant to a securities purchase
agreement and possibly other Women.com stockholders through a rights offering
was fair, from a financial point of view, to iVillage.
Representatives of
Orrick, Herrington & Sutcliffe LLP then reviewed the directors' fiduciary
duties and summarized the principal terms of the proposed agreements.
After
its deliberations, the board of directors directed senior management to
continue discussions with Hearst Communications and Women.com.

   
On February 4, 2001, the board of directors of iVillage again convened by
telephone to review the status of the negotiations.
Mr. McCormick and
representatives of Orrick, Herrington & Sutcliffe LLP provided an update on
the status of the proposed transaction and the terms of the proposed
agreements.
Mr. McCormick also summarized the issues upon which the parties
had not yet reached agreement.
These open issues related primarily to
corporate governance matters including the number of board seats that Hearst
Communications would be entitled to and the manner in which that number would
be adjusted in the future, the extent to which Hearst Communications would be
restricted from increasing its ownership interest in iVillage and the voting
restrictions that would be imposed upon the shares of iVillage common stock
that would be owned by Hearst Communications after the merger.

   
On February 5, 2001, the board of directors of iVillage held a telephonic
board meeting.
Mr. McCormick provided the board with an update on the
negotiations and the unresolved issues.
A representative of Allen & Company
addressed certain aspects of the unresolved issues and delivered its opinion
as to the fairness of the merger to iVillage.
After its deliberations, the
iVillage board of directors approved the merger agreement and the related
agreements and the transactions contemplated by those agreements; declared
them advisable and resolved to recommend that iVillage's stockholders approve
and adopt the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the merger
agreement, including the merger, the issuance of shares of iVillage common
stock to be received by stockholders of Women.com pursuant to the merger
agreement, the issuance of iVillage common

stock and warrants pursuant to a securities purchase agreement between
iVillage and Hearst Communications, and the rights offering to Women.com
stockholders.

   
On February 5, 2001, the board of directors of Women.com held a telephonic
board meeting at 9:30 a.m., Pacific time.
Representatives of Cooley Godward
LLP, Women.com's outside legal counsel, and representatives of Salomon Smith
Barney were also present.
Mr. Asher provided an update on the status of the
transaction and the terms of the transaction.
Following the presentation, a
representative of Salomon Smith Barney reviewed the terms of the transaction
and discussed its fairness opinion.
A representative of Cooley Godward then
reviewed some of the documentation and timing for the transaction.
After
discussions and deliberations, the board of directors of Women.com approved by
all directors present the merger agreement and the related agreements and the
transactions contemplated by those agreements; declared them advisable and
resolved to recommend that the Women.com stockholders approve and adopt the
merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement,
including the merger and the conversion of shares of Women.com common stock
into shares of iVillage common stock.

   
After negotiation of the final terms of the merger agreement and the related
agreements, representatives of each of iVillage and Women.com executed the
merger agreement.
In addition, Hearst Communications entered into a securities
purchase agreement with iVillage pursuant to which Hearst Communications
agreed to pay iVillage $20.0 million (subject to adjustment) for iVillage
common stock and warrants to purchase iVillage common stock.
Hearst
Communications also entered into a voting agreement with iVillage pursuant to
which Hearst Communications agreed to vote all of its shares of common stock
of Women.com in favor of adoption of the merger.
AOL Time Warner Inc.,
National Broadcasting Company, Inc., GE Investments Subsidiary, Inc. and Rho
Management Trust I each entered into voting agreements with iVillage pursuant
to which they agreed to vote all of their shares of common stock of iVillage
in favor of the adoption of the merger.

   
On the evening of February 5, 2001, iVillage and Women.com issued a joint
press release announcing the proposed acquisition of Women.com.
by iVillage.


Women.com's Reasons for the Merger

   Women.com's board of directors has determined that the terms of the merger
and the merger agreement are fair to and in the best interests of Women.com
and its stockholders, has declared the advisability of the merger agreement
and the transactions contemplated by it and has determined to recommend that
the stockholders of Women.com adopt the merger agreement.
In its evaluation of
the merger and the merger agreement, Women.com's board of directors consulted
with Women.com's senior management, as well as its legal and financial
advisors.
The decision of the Women.com board of directors to approve the
merger and the merger agreement was based upon several potential benefits of
the merger that Women.com's board believes will contribute to the success of
iVillage following the merger compared to Women.com continuing to operate as
an independent business.
Women.com's management has also considered a number
of alternatives for enhancing its business, including:

   o acquiring other companies;

   o continuing to execute on its business plan and risk being unable to fund
     its operations if the advertising market did not improve substantially by
     the end of the second quarter of 2001;

   o seeking a larger company, such as Hearst Communications, to take
     Women.com private;

   o seeking additional investors to fund Women.com's operations through a
     private placement, merging with another company; and

   o being acquired by another company.

   
After considering these options, the board of directors of Women.com and its
financial advisor determined that merging with another company or being
acquired by another company were the only viable options because Women.com did
not want to risk being forced into bankruptcy if the advertising or financial
markets did not improve and view online media companies as attractive
investments.
After discussions with Salomon Smith Barney, Women.com determined
that the merger with iVillage was the best strategic option, especially in
light of

the ongoing discussions Women.com and iVillage had been engaged in during the
past 7 months and did not seek competing bids.

   
In addition to the potential benefits described under "iVillage's Reasons
for the Merger" that would be applicable to Women.com stockholders, the
Women.com board believes that additional reasons the merger will be beneficial
to Women.com and its stockholders include the following:

   o due to the taxable nature of the merger, the current stockholders of
     Women.com, especially large stockholders like Hearst Communications, will
     be able to realize any loss they may have suffered if the stockholders
     purchased their Women.com stock at a price higher than $__________ (the
     effective sales price under the merger) without having to sell any of
     their Women.com stock, and the loss could be used to offset any
     investment income earned from other investments during 2001;

   
o the availability to iVillage following the merger of greater resources to
     continue to establish, expand and support advertisement sales,
     distribution, and editorial on and through the Women.com web site;

   o the potential synergies created from combining the audience reach,
     distribution and other strengths developed by iVillage with the brand and
     consumer relationships built by Women.com;

   
o the ability to merge the complementary content of iVillage and Women.com
     and create a targeted, highly-relevant destination for women on the Web;

   o upon completion of the merger, the combined company is expected to be one
     of the 20 most visited web-sites and the large, focused user base of the
     combined company is expected to be more attractive than the user base of
     general content aggregators, including AOL, Yahoo! and MSN, to
     advertisers seeking to focus advertising dollars on one market segment,
     all of which is expected to increase the combined company's advertising
     revenue; and

   o the increased ability to more easily raise funds to continue operations
     and company growth.

   
Women.com's board reviewed a number of factors in evaluating the merger.
Set
forth below is a list of the material factors reviewed by Women.com's board in
evaluating the merger:

   o information concerning the financial performance and condition, results
     of operations, competitive position, management and business of iVillage
     and Women.com before and after giving effect to the merger, including the
     inability of Women.com to continue to fund its operations at current
     levels past the second quarter of 2001 without a significant capital
     infusion, and after giving effect to the merger the combined company
     would be able to combine its assets and generate greater advertising
     revenues and as a combined entity would be more competitive than iVillage
     and Women.com as separate entities;

   
o the disadvantages to Women.com of being a small public company, in that
     its capital structure as a small public company makes it difficult to
     support its capital requirements;

   o current financial market conditions and historical market prices,
     volatility and trading information with respect to iVillage common stock
     and Women.com common stock;

   
o the consideration iVillage will issue in the merger in light of
     comparable merger transactions;

   o the belief that the consideration offered by iVillage was the most that
     iVillage was willing to offer;

   o the belief that no third party would be willing to offer more than
     iVillage for the shares of Women.com, based on the fact that iVillage
     fully understands Women.com's business plan, is fully aware of its future
     prospects and is in a better position to appreciate its long-term
     potential than any other potential buyer and also based upon discussions
     with Salomon Smith Barney, which advised Women.com that many potential
     acquirers are preserving cash and focusing their efforts internally on
     operations instead of acquisitions and are no longer interested in
     investing in Internet media companies;

   o the belief that the terms of the merger agreement and related agreements
     are reasonable;

   o the impact of the merger on the customers and employees of Women.com and
     iVillage;

   
o the fact that many "dot.com" businesses, including Internet media
     companies, have been unable to generate significant revenues, and as a
     result, have been unable to fund their operations and are going out of
     business or are dramatically reducing their spending, including their
     spending on advertising;

   o the business condition and prospects of Women.com if the proposed
     transaction with iVillage is not completed, which would involve a need
     for significant capital, and an uncertainty of being able to raise
     capital, based on discussions with Women.com's financial advisor, which
     advised Women.com that Internet media companies and Internet-based
     businesses, such as Women.com, were no longer attractive to potential
     investors;

   o results of the due diligence investigation conducted by Women.com's
     management, accountants and legal and financial advisors;

   
o the financial presentation and detailed analyses of Salomon Smith Barney,
     including its opinion as to the fairness, from a financial point of view
     and as of the date of the opinion, of the merger consideration, including
     the benefits to be derived from the Hearst Communications investment
     following the completion of the merger, which include the infusion of
     capital to help iVillage strengthen and expand the business of the combined
     company following completion of the merger and the increased advertising
     value of the iVillage network derived from the addition of the Hearst
     Communications magazines, Women.com content and Women.com users to
     iVillage, provided for in the merger agreement, as more fully described
     below under the caption "Opinion of Women.com's Financial Advisor;" and

   o the availability to dissenting stockholders of appraisal rights under the
     Delaware General Corporation Law.

   
The foregoing factors provided the basis for the conclusion by Women.com's
board that the merger with iVillage was the best and most viable option for
Women.com, which supported the determination that the transaction was fair to
and in the best interests of Women.com and its stockholders.

   
Women.com's board also considered the terms of the merger agreement
regarding Women.com's rights and limits on its ability to consider and
negotiate other acquisition proposals, as well as the possible effects of the
provisions regarding termination and termination fees.
In addition, it was
noted to Women.com's board that the merger is expected to be a taxable
transaction and accounted for as a purchase.

   
The Women.com board also identified and considered a number of potentially
negative factors in its deliberations concerning the merger and the merger
agreement, including the following:

   o the risk that the potential benefits of the merger may not be realized;

   o the fact that the proposed exchange ratio is not fixed and could change
     depending on certain metrics that Women.com must meet and the fact that
     the market prices of either company's stock before completion of the
     merger may change in a way that reduces the absolute value delivered to
     Women.com because the ratio does not change if the market values change;

   o the risk that the merger may not be consummated, notwithstanding the
     voting agreement obtained from certain stockholders of both iVillage and
     Women.com, and the effect of the public announcement of the merger on
     Women.com's sales, customer relations and operating results;

   o the risk of management and employee disruption associated with the
     merger, including resignations or layoffs of employees and the fact that
     key technical, sales and management personnel would likely not be
     employed by iVillage following the merger;

   o the fact that the merger agreement requires Women.com to obtain
     iVillage's consent to take a variety of actions prior to the closing of
     the merger;

   o Women.com's limited ability to terminate the merger agreement, including
     the fact that, under certain circumstances, the receipt of a superior
     proposal may allow the Women.com board of directors to change or withdraw
     its recommendation as to the adoption of the merger agreement, but would
     still require Women.com to submit the adoption of the merger agreement to
     a vote of Women.com stockholders;

   
o the challenges of integrating Women.com's operations with those of
     iVillage; and

   o other applicable risks described in this joint proxy statement/prospectus
     under "Risk Factors.
"

   Women.com's board concluded, however, that these risks could be managed or
mitigated and that on balance, the merger's potential benefits to Women.com
and its stockholders outweighed the associated risks.
This discussion
summarizes the material information and factors considered by Women.com's
board.  
In view of the variety of factors considered in connection with its
evaluation of the merger, Women.com's board did not find it practicable to,
and did not quantify or otherwise assign relative weight to, the specific
factors considered in reaching the determination.


Recommendation of Women.com's board of directors

   For the reasons discussed above, the Women.com board of directors believes
that the terms of the merger are fair to and in the best interests of
Women.com's stockholders and recommends that the stockholders vote to approve
the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the merger
agreement, including the merger.

   
In considering the recommendation of Women.com's board with respect to the
merger agreement, Women.com stockholders should be aware that certain
directors and officers of Women.com have interests in the merger that are
different from, or are in addition to, the interests of other Women.com
stockholders and that iVillage has agreed to continue certain existing
indemnification arrangements in favor of directors and officers of Women.com.

Please see "The Merger - Interests of  Directors and Officers in the Merger
that are Different from Your Interests."

iVillage's Reasons for the Merger

   The board of directors of iVillage believes that the combination of iVillage
and Women.com will create the largest and most comprehensive online
destination for women.
The board of directors of iVillage has determined that
the terms of the merger and the merger agreement are fair to and in the best
interests of iVillage and its stockholders, and has determined to recommend
that the stockholders of iVillage approve the merger and adopt the merger
agreement.
In reaching the conclusion that the merger is in the best interest
of iVillage and its stockholders, iVillage's board of directors consulted with
iVillage's senior management regarding the strategic and operational aspects
of the merger and the results of due diligence efforts undertaken by senior
management.
In addition, iVillage's board of directors consulted with
representatives of Allen & Company Incorporated, financial advisor to
iVillage, regarding selected financial aspects of iVillage's and Women.com's
business and future prospects facing Internet media companies, in general, and
iVillage and Women.com, in particular, as well as the fairness from a
financial point of view to iVillage.
iVillage's board also consulted with
iVillage's internal counsel and representatives of its outside legal counsel,
regarding the duties of the members of the board of directors, legal due
diligence matters and the terms and conditions of the merger agreement and the
related agreements.

   
The following factors among others were also evaluated in connection with
the merger:

   o information concerning the financial condition, business, operations,
     strategic objectives and prospects and competitive position of iVillage
     and Women.com before and after giving effect to the merger;

   o the market conditions and industry trends affecting iVillage, Women.com
     and Internet media companies in general;

   o current financial market conditions and historical market prices,
     volatility and trading information with respect to iVillage common stock
     and Women.com common stock;

   o the need for and the ability of iVillage to obtain additional financing;

   o the agreements with Hearst Communications regarding licensing of content
     by Hearst Communications to iVillage and the payment by Hearst
     Communications for production services and advertising;

   
o the consideration iVillage will issue in the merger in light of merger
     transactions deemed comparable;

   o the impact of the merger on the advertisers, sponsors, customers and
     employees of iVillage and Women.com;

   o the terms and conditions of the merger agreement and related agreements;
     and

   o the financial presentation of Allen & Company Incorporated, including its
     opinion as to the fairness, from a financial point of view as of the date
     of the opinion, of the exchange ratio provided for in the merger
     agreement, as more fully described below under the caption "Opinion of
     iVillage's Financial Advisor.
"

   The iVillage board believes that the merger and the related agreements will
be beneficial to iVillage and its stockholders for the following reasons:

   o the terms and conditions of the merger and the related agreements are
     reasonable;

   o the merger will result in creation of the most comprehensive online
     destination for content and services targeted to women;

   o the merger will enable existing and new potential sponsors to have
     increased access to one of the most highly targeted and desirable
     demographics on the Internet;

   o the merger will result in iVillage being ranked in the largest 20 digital
     media/Web properties worldwide;

   o the merger will give iVillage a greater share of the online advertising
     market directed toward women enabling the combined company to compete
     more effectively for advertising revenues;

   o strategic relationship with Hearst Communications relating to advertising
     and to access to extensive content of Hearst Communications, a leading
     publisher of publications targeted to women;

   o access to a significant equity investment from Hearst Communications and
     other Women.com stockholders to enable iVillage to continue to establish,
     expand and support sales and distribution; and

   o the merger and the related agreements will better position iVillage in
     the capital markets.

   
iVillage's board also identified and considered a number of potentially
negative factors in its deliberations concerning the merger and the agreement,
including the following:

   o the risk that the potential benefits of the merger may not be realized;

   o the challenges of integrating Women.com's operations with those of
     iVillage; and

   o other applicable risks described in this joint proxy statement/prospectus
     under "Risk Factors.
"

   This discussion of the information and factors considered by iVillage's
board is not intended to be exhaustive, but includes the material factors
considered.
iVillage's board did not find it practicable to, and did not
quantify or otherwise assign particular weight to or rank the specific factors
it considered in approving the merger and the merger agreement.
In considering
the factors described above, the individual members of the iVillage board may
have given different weight to various factors.
The iVillage board considered
all these factors as a whole, and overall considered them to be favorable to,
and to support, its determination.


Recommendation of iVillage's board of directors

   For the reasons discussed above, iVillage's board of directors has approved
the merger and the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement and has
determined that the merger and the transactions contemplated by the merger
agreement are advisable and fair to and in the best interests of iVillage and
its stockholders, and recommends that iVillage stockholders vote for approval
of the merger and the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement,
including the merger, the issuance of iVillage common stock and warrants to
purchase iVillage common stock pursuant to the amended and restated securities
purchase agreement between iVillage and Hearst Communications and the rights
offering to Women.com stockholders.


Opinion of Women.com's Financial Advisor

   Salomon Smith Barney has acted as the financial advisor to the Women.com
board of directors in connection with the merger.
Pursuant to Salomon Smith
Barney's engagement letter dated January 30, 2001, Salomon Smith Barney
rendered an oral opinion to the Women.com board of directors and subsequently
confirmed in writing, that, as of February 5, 2001 and based upon and subject
to the assumptions, limitations and qualifications set forth in the opinion,
its work described below and other factors it deemed relevant, the merger
consideration, including the benefits to be derived from the Hearst
Communications investment following consummation of the merger, was fair to
the holders of Women.com common stock, other than Hearst Communications, from
a financial point

of view.
The merger agreement and the securities purchase agreement were
amended on February 22, 2001.
Women.com did not ask Salomon Smith Barney to
reconfirm its opinion subsequent to the amendment of these agreements because
Women.com viewed the changes made by the amendments to be clarifications, not
material changes.

   
The full text of the written opinion which sets forth the assumptions made,
procedures followed and matters considered by Salomon Smith Barney is set
forth as Annex B to this joint proxy statement/prospectus and Women.com
stockholders are urged to read Salomon Smith Barney's opinion in its entirety.

The summary of the opinion as set forth in this joint proxy statement/
prospectus is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the
opinion.

   
In arriving at its opinion, Salomon Smith Barney reviewed:

   o a draft of the merger agreement dated as of February 5, 2001;

   o a securities purchase agreement by and between iVillage and Hearst
     Communications dated as of February 5, 2001;

   o a stockholder agreement to be entered into between iVillage and Hearst
     Communications on the closing date of the merger; and

   o an amendment to the Women.com and Hearst Communications content and
     licensing agreement dated February 5, 2001.

   
Salomon Smith Barney also held discussions with certain Women.com senior
officers, directors and other representatives and advisors and certain senior
officers and other representatives and advisors of iVillage concerning
Women.com's and iVillage's businesses, operations and prospects.
Salomon Smith
Barney examined publicly available business and financial information relating
to Women.com and iVillage, as well as financial forecasts and other
information and data for each that were provided to or otherwise discussed
with Salomon Smith Barney by the managements of Women.com and iVillage
including information regarding strategic implications and operational
benefits anticipated to result from each.
Salomon Smith Barney reviewed the
financial terms of the merger as set forth in the draft merger agreement in
relation to, among other things:

   o current and historical market prices and trading volumes of Women.com and
     iVillage common stock;

   o current and historical exchange ratio comparisons;

   o current and prospective capitalization and financial conditions of
     Women.com and iVillage; and

   o implied exchange ratios based upon Women.com's percentage contribution of
     revenues and other metrics to the combined entity.

   
Salomon Smith Barney also considered, to the extent publicly available, the
financial terms of other similar transactions recently effected that Salomon
Smith Barney considered relevant in evaluating the merger, and analyzed
financial and stock market data relating to the businesses of Women.com and
iVillage.
Salomon Smith Barney also evaluated the relative pro forma financial
impact with respect to the synergies of the merger on the combined company.
In
addition, Salomon Smith Barney conducted other analyses and examinations and
considered other information and financial, economic and market criteria as it
deemed appropriate in arriving at its opinion.

   
In its review and analysis and in arriving at its opinion, Salomon Smith
Barney assumed and relied upon the accuracy and completeness of the
information reviewed by Salomon Smith Barney for the purpose of its opinion
and did not assume any responsibility for independent verification of that
information.
With respect to the financial forecasts of Women.com and
iVillage, Salomon Smith Barney assumed that they have been reasonably prepared
on bases reflecting best currently available estimates and judgments of the
managements of Women.com and iVillage, respectively, and Salomon Smith Barney
expressed no opinion with respect to the forecasts or the assumptions on which
they are based.
Salomon Smith Barney also has assumed that the merger and the
Hearst Communications investment will be consummated in accordance with the
terms of the merger agreement and the securities purchase agreement,
respectively.
It is possible, however, for the merger to close without the
concurrent closing of the investment by Hearst Communications under the
securities purchase

agreement.
Salomon Smith Barney did not make or obtain or assume any
responsibility for making or obtaining any independent evaluation or appraisal
of any of the assets (including properties and facilities) or liabilities of
Women.com or iVillage.

   
Salomon Smith Barney's opinion should be read carefully and in its entirety.

It does not imply any conclusion as to the likely trading range for iVillage
common stock following the consummation of the merger or the Hearst
Communications investment, which may vary depending upon, among other factors,
changes in interest rates, dividend rates, market conditions, general economic
conditions and other factors that generally influence the price of securities.

It does not address Women.com's underlying business decision to effect the
merger or the Hearst Communications investment, and Salomon Smith Barney
expresses no view on the effect on Women.com or iVillage of the merger or the
Hearst Communications investment.
Salomon Smith Barney's opinion is directed
only to the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the merger
consideration, including the benefits to be derived from the Hearst
Communications investment following the consummation of the merger, to the
holders of Women.com common stock, other than Hearst Communications and does
not constitute a recommendation concerning how holders of Women.com common
stock should vote regarding the proposed merger.

   
In connection with rendering its opinion to the Women.com board of
directors, Salomon Smith Barney performed several financial analyses, the
material portions of which are summarized below.
Salomon Smith Barney believes
that its analyses must be considered as a whole and that selecting portions of
these analyses and the factors it considered, without considering all of these
analyses and factors, could create an incomplete view of the analyses and the
process underlying its opinion.
While the conclusions reached in connection
with each analysis were considered carefully by Salomon Smith Barney in
arriving at its opinion, Salomon Smith Barney made various subjective
judgments in arriving at its opinion and did not consider it practicable to,
nor did it attempt to, assign relative weights to the individual analyses and
specific factors considered in reaching its opinion.
The following is a
summary of the material financial analyses used by Salomon Smith Barney in
connection with providing its opinion to the Women.com board of directors.

Several of the summaries below include information presented in tabular
format.
To fully understand these financial analyses used by Salomon Smith
Barney, the tables must be read with the text of each summary.
The tables
alone do not constitute a complete description of the financial analyses.

   
Historical Stock Price Performance.  
Salomon Smith Barney reviewed the
movements of Women.com common stock and iVillage common stock relative to
their trading volume and price history for the period from January 1, 2000
through February 2, 2001.
Salomon Smith Barney noted that during the period
analyzed, Women.com common stock had declined 96% from its 52-week high on
March 7, 2000 of $15.00 per share compared to iVillage's declined depreciation
of 94% from its 52-week high on March 15, 2000 of $27.31 per share.
Salomon
Smith Barney also found that the declines in both companies' market
capitalization over the past year were in line with smaller, niche-oriented
online media companies.

   
Historical Exchange Ratio Analysis.  
Salomon Smith Barney reviewed the
implied historical exchange ratio between Women.com common stock and iVillage
common stock determined by dividing the closing price per share of Women.com
common stock by the closing price per share of iVillage common stock for the
six, three and one month intervals ending February 2, 2001 as well as for the
period from January 1, 2000, through February 2, 2001.
The review indicated
that during the periods measured, the closing prices of iVillage common stock
and Women.com common stock implied the following high, low and average
historical exchange ratios:

                             Implied Exchange Ratio

                                                   High    Low    Average
                                                   ----    ----   -------

1 month ........................................   0.41    0.23     0.31
3 months .......................................   0.58    0.18     0.36
6 months .......................................   1.27    0.18     0.41
Since 1/1/2000 .................................   1.27    0.18     0.41

   Salomon Smith Barney noted that the implied exchange ratio of 0.407 based on
the closing stock prices for iVillage and Women.com on February 2, 2001 was
greater than the exchange ratio of 0.322 agreed to in the merger.
Salomon
Smith Barney also noted that the exchange ratio of 0.322 is greater than the
low of the exchange ratios calculated over the measured period and greater
than the average exchange ratio during the thirty days ending February 2,
2001.
Due to volatility in stock prices, it is customary to view exchange
ratios over a period of time rather than on a single trading day.

   
Relative Valuation Analysis.
Salomon Smith Barney conducted various
analyses of Women.com and iVillage comparing several indicators of financial
performance on a prospective basis:

   Profit and Loss Performance.
The profit and loss performance analysis
analyzed the relative operating performance of iVillage and Women.com on an
annual and quarterly basis for 2000 and as projected for 2001.
Salomon Smith
Barney examined the profitability of each company by comparing the cost of
goods sold, sales and marketing and research and development expenses as a
percentage of revenue on a historical basis for each quarter of 2000 and
projected basis for each quarter of 2001.
This analysis indicated that, as a
percentage of revenue, Women.com's expenses were consistently higher in the
historical periods and were projected to remain higher during 2001.
The
analysis also highlighted iVillage's ability to maintain their revenues during
a difficult market environment while Women.com experienced quarterly declines.

   
Cash Burn Analysis.
The cash burn analysis compared the cash burn rate of
iVillage and Women.com for the operation of the respective businesses over
each of the four quarters of 2000 and as projected for 2001 to forecast their
respective capital requirements.
The cash burn analysis indicated that
iVillage is expected to have more cash than Women.com at the end of 2001
implying a better competitive position for iVillage and its stockholders.
This
analysis revealed that iVillage is projected to have positive cash balances
throughout 2001, while Women.com's cash balance is projected to be depleted by
the third quarter of 2001.

   
Relative Contribution Analysis.
Based upon financial estimates and
projections for Women.com and iVillage, Salomon Smith Barney analyzed the
respective contributions of Women.com and iVillage to the estimated revenues
of the combined company for the fourth quarter of 2000 annualized, calendar
year 2000 and calendar year 2001.
In addition, Salomon Smith Barney analyzed
the respective contributions of Women.com and iVillage to the estimated web
site unique visitors, page views and usage hours to the combined company for
the month of December 2000 without any adjustment for potential positive or
negative synergies.
Salomon Smith Barney noted that these metrics are less
relevant because they do not equate to direct measures of actual revenues or
profitability.

   
The following table illustrates the implied exchange ratios, stock prices
and premiums for Women.com based upon Women.com's relative contribution to the
combined company's estimated revenues for the fourth quarter of 2000
annualized, calendar year 2000 and calendar year 2001 as well as for various
web site metrics for the month of December 2000.
The currently offered
exchange ratio represents a premium when compared to all revenue metrics
analyzed for the Women.com stockholders to the exchange ratios implied by
revenue contributions.

                                                                             
Contribution
                                                                         --------------------
                                                                                                                          Implied
                                                                                                  Implied     Implied    Premium to
                                                            Pro Forma                             Exchange     Stock    Stock Price
                                    iVillage    Women.com    Combined    iVillage   Women.com    Ratio (1)     
Price     on 2/2/01
                                    --------    ---------   ---------    
--------   ---------    
---------    -------   
-----------

Current Offer ...................                                                                  
0.322x     $ 0.54        (21%)
Current Market ..................    $ 1.69      $ 0.69                                            0.4074
                                    --------    ---------   
---------    --------   ---------    
---------    -------   -----------
Revenue (in millions)
2000(Q4) ........................    $ 74.8      $ 34.4       $109.2        69%         31%         0.163x    $ 0.28         (60%)
2000E ...........................      
76.3        44.1        120.4        63          37          0.198       0.33         (51)
2001E ...........................      84.0        60.3        144.3        58          42          0.236       0.40         (42)
Traffic Metrics
Total Unique
Visitors (in millions) ..........       6.7         8.4         15.1        44%         56%         0.355x    $ 0.60         (13%)
Total Page Views
 (in millions) ..................     
137.7       201.0        338.0        41          59         0.3945      0.067          (3)
Total UsageHours ................       3.1         2.0          5.1        60          40         0.2199       0.37         (46)

- ---------------
Source: Estimates from iVillage and Women.com projections.

All balance sheet data as of December 31, 2000.
(1) Adjusts for excess cash of $29 million for iVillage and $0 million for
    Women.com.

   
Precedent Transaction Analysis.
Salomon Smith Barney reviewed publicly
available information for various proposed and completed stock-for-stock
acquisition transactions, all announced since September 20, 1999, that
involved publicly traded companies and that it deemed appropriate in analyzing
the merger.
The precedent transactions considered by Salomon Smith Barney were
the following (in each case, the acquiror's name is listed first and the
acquired company's name is listed second):

   o Doubleclick Inc. / @plan.
Inc

   o CNET Networks, Inc. / Ziff Davis, Inc. (ZD Net)

   o Media Metrix, Inc. / Jupiter Communications, Inc.

   o Earthlink, Inc. / OneMain.com, Inc.

   o Terra Networks, S.A. / Lycos, Inc.

   o MyPoints.com, Inc. / Cybergold, Inc.

   o America Online, Inc. / MapQuest.com, Inc.

   o CMGI, Inc. /
Flycast Communications Corporation

   o MindSpring Enterprises Inc. / Earthlink, Inc.

   o CMGI, Inc. / AdForce, Inc.

   Salomon Smith Barney viewed aspects of each precedent transaction as
comparable to the merger.
For each precedent transaction, Salomon Smith Barney
derived the ratio of the target's pro forma ownership percentage in the
combined company to its percentage of revenue contributed to the combined
company without any adjustment for potential positive or negative synergies.

   
With respect to the financial information for the companies involved in the
precedent transactions, Salomon Smith Barney relied on information in publicly
available documents, where available.
The following table sets forth the
results of these analyses:

                                                                                                                Ownership/
                                                            Target Revenue Contribution                    Revenue Contribution
                                                            ---------------------------      
Target     ---------------------------
                                                            Last Quarter   Forward Year    Pro Forma    Last Quarter   Forward Year
                                                             Annualized     Estimate(1)    Ownership     Annualized     Estimate(1)
                                                             ----------     -----------    ---------     ----------     -----------

Mean....................................................       33.1%           34.8%         26.3%         85.5%           75.8%
Median..................................................        19.2            23.5          30.5          69.3            69.1

(1) "Forward Year Estimate" is defined as the calendar year revenue estimates
    for the calendar year in which the transaction occurred.
It should be noted
    that if the transaction occurred after June 30, the "Forward Year Estimate"
    will be for the calendar year following the year in which the transaction
    occurred.

   
Salomon Smith Barney noted that, prior to the Hearst Communications
transactions, Women.com stockholders, including Hearst Communications, would
receive shares based on the 0.322 exchange ratio that provided for an
approximate 33.8% ownership in the combined entity.
Women.com is estimated to
have contributed 31% of revenue based on annualized fourth quarter 2000
estimates, which equates to an ownership / revenue contribution percentage of
109.0%.
The same analysis for calendar year 2000 and 2001 indicates
percentages of 91.4% and 80.5%, respectively.
Salomon Smith Barney noted that
all of these percentages are above the respective reference ranges with
respect to precedent transactions.

   
Synergies Analysis.
Salomon Smith Barney considered the impact of potential
synergies and cost savings expected to be achieved by the management of
Women.com and iVillage in connection with the merger.
Based on the financial
information and forecasts discussed with the management of Women.com and
iVillage, Salomon Smith Barney calculated that the merger would have the
following pro forma effects on the revenues and expenses of the combined
company as compared to each company viewed independently:

                                            2000E                                            2001E
                                     --------------------    Pro Forma    Combined    --------------------    Pro Forma    Combined
                                    iVillage    Women.com   Adjustment     Total     iVillage    Women.com    Adjustment     Total
                                    --------    ---------   ----------     
-----     --------    ---------    
----------     -----
                                                                         (Dollars in millions)

Revenues ........................    $  76.3    $   44.1      $ 18.1      $ 138.4     $ 84.0      $  60.3       $ 21.6      $165.9
Cost of Goods Sold ..............        7.1         4.1         1.7         12.9        9.5          6.8          2.4        18.7
 % of Revenue ...................       
9.4%        9.4%                     9.4%      11.3%        11.3%                    11.3%
Sales & Marketing ...............       54.1        44.7       (22.3)        76.4       38.7         39.9        (19.3)       59.2
 % of Revenue ...................      
70.9%      101.3%                    55.2%      46.0%        66.2%                    42.8%
General & Administrative ........       
22.6        16.8       (12.6)        26.8       12.0         15.8         (9.0)       18.8
 % of Revenue ...................      
29.6%       38.2%                    19.4%      14.3%        26.2%                    13.6%
Operating Profit/(Loss) .........      (35.6)      (51.1)       65.3        (21.3)      (0.5)       (27.9)        59.7       $31.3
 % of Revenue ...................     
(46.7%)    (115.8%)                  (15.4%)     (0.6%)      (46.3%)                   18.9%

- ---------------
Source: Salomon Smith Barney estimates for illustrative purposes only.

Assumptions:
(1) 15% increase to revenue.

(2) Proportional increase to cost of goods sold.


(3) 75% reduction to general & administrative expenses and 50% reduction to
    sales & marketing expenses.

(4) iVillage cost of goods sold determined by applying Women.com cost of goods
    sold margin.

   
Salomon Smith Barney analyzed synergy projections estimated for the year
2000 and 2001 as to the future operating and financial performance of the
combined company.
Salomon Smith Barney's pro forma analysis of revenues and
expenses illustrated that relative expenses for sales and marketing and general
administration as a percentage of revenue are substantially higher for Women.com
on its own than it will be for the combined company.
In addition, Salomon Smith
Barney's pro forma estimates showed the combined company with an estimated
operating profit of 18.9% in 2001, as compared to a projected 46.3% and 0.6%
operating loss for Women.com and iVillage, respectively.

   
The preceding discussion is a summary of the material financial analyses
furnished by Salomon Smith Barney to the Women.com board of directors, but it
does not purport to be a complete description of the analyses performed by
Salomon Smith Barney or of its presentations to the board of directors.
The
preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex process and is not necessarily
susceptible to partial analysis or summary description.
In addition, the
process of preparing a fairness opinion necessarily requires a broad range of
subjective judgments with respect to appropriate comparable companies,
appropriate multiples of various selected financial data, appropriate discount
rates and other financial and other factors.
Analyses and estimates of the
values of companies do not purport to be appraisals or necessarily reflect the
prices at which companies or their securities actually may be sold.
No
precedent transaction analyzed for comparison is identical to this merger.

Accordingly, any analysis of a precedent transaction is not mathematical;
rather, it involves complex considerations and judgments concerning
differences in financial and operating characteristics of the companies
involved and other factors that could affect the public trading value of the
target companies or company to which they are being sold.
The range of
valuation for any particular analysis should not be taken to be the view of
Salomon Smith Barney of the actual value of Women.com or iVillage.

   
The opinion and presentation of Salomon Smith Barney to the Women.com board
of directors, in connection with which Salomon Smith Barney was requested to
evaluate the fairness from a financial point of view of the merger
consideration, including the benefits to be derived from the Hearst
Communications investment following the consummation of the merger, to the
holders of Women.com common stock, other than Hearst Communications, was only
one of many factors taken into consideration by the Women.com board of
directors in making its determination to approve the merger.
No limitations
were imposed by the Women.com board of directors upon Salomon Smith Barney
with respect to the investigation made or the procedures followed by Salomon
Smith Barney in rendering its opinion.

   
Salomon Smith Barney is an internationally recognized investment banking
firm that regularly engages in the valuation of companies and their securities
in connection with mergers and acquisitions, negotiated underwritings,
competitive bids, secondary distributions of listed and unlisted securities,
and corporate, estate and other purposes.
Women.com retained Salomon Smith
Barney as a financial advisor because of its reputation, expertise in the
valuation of companies and substantial experience in transactions such as the
merger.

   
In the past, Salomon Smith Barney has rendered investment banking and
financial advisory services to Women.com for which it has been paid fees.

Pursuant to an engagement letter dated January 30, 2001, Women.com agreed to
pay Salomon Smith Barney a fee upon consummation of the merger.
Additionally,
Women.com has agreed to reimburse Salomon Smith Barney for reasonable out-of-
pocket expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable fees and expenses
of Salomon Smith Barney's legal counsel.
Women.com has also agreed to
indemnify Salomon Smith Barney and related persons against liabilities,
including liabilities under the federal securities laws, related to or arising
out of its engagement.
In the ordinary course of its business, Salomon Smith
Barney and its affiliates may actively trade the securities of Women.com and
iVillage for its own account and the accounts of its customers and,
accordingly, may at any time hold a long or short position in these
securities.


Opinion of iVillage's Financial Advisor

   At the meeting of the iVillage board on February 2, 2001, Allen & Company
Incorporated delivered its opinion, later confirmed in writing on February 5,
2001, to the effect that, as of that date, the terms of the merger were fair
to iVillage from a financial point of view.
The merger agreement and the
securities purchase agreement were amended on February 22, 2001.
iVillage did
not ask Allen & Company to reconfirm its opinion subsequent to the amendment
of these agreements because iVillage viewed the changes made by the amendments
to be clarifications, not material changes.

   
The full text of the written opinion of Allen & Company, dated February 5,
2001, is set forth as Annex C to this joint proxy statement/prospectus and
describes the assumptions made, matters considered and limits on the review
undertaken.
iVillage stockholders are urged to read the opinion carefully and
in its entirety.
Allen & Company's opinion is directed only to the fairness to
iVillage, from a financial point of view, of the terms of the merger and does
not constitute a recommendation of the merger over other courses of action
that may be available to iVillage or constitute a recommendation to any
iVillage stockholder on how to vote with respect to

the merger.
The summary of the opinion of Allen & Company set forth in this
joint proxy statement/prospectus is qualified in its entirety by reference to
the full text of the opinion.

   
In arriving at its opinion, Allen & Company:

   o reviewed the terms and conditions of the merger, including the draft
     merger agreement and the draft agreements related thereto;

   o reviewed and analyzed publicly available historical business and
     financial information relating to iVillage and Women.com, as presented in
     documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission;

   o reviewed certain financial, operating and budgetary data provided to
     Allen & Company by iVillage and Women.com relating to their businesses;

   o conducted discussions with certain members of the senior management of
     iVillage and Women.com with respect to the financial condition, business,
     operations, strategic objectives and prospects of iVillage and Women.com,
     as well as prevailing industry trends;

   o reviewed and analyzed public information, including certain stock market
     data and financial information relating to selected public companies in
     lines of business which Allen & Company deemed to be generally comparable
     to iVillage's and Women.com's, as well as analysts' reports and estimates
     for iVillage and Women.com;

   o reviewed the recent trading history of iVillage common stock and
     Women.com common stock, including each company's performance in
     comparison to market indices and to selected companies in comparable
     businesses;

   o reviewed public financial and transaction information relating to
     business combinations which Allen & Company deemed to be comparable to
     the merger;

   o considered premiums and multiples paid in recent transactions which Allen
     & Company deemed comparable to the merger; and

   o conducted other financial analyses and investigations as Allen & Company
     deemed necessary or appropriate for the purposes of the opinion expressed
     therein.

   
In giving its opinion, Allen & Company assumed and relied on the accuracy
and completeness of the information it reviewed for the purpose of its
opinion.
Allen & Company did not assume any responsibility for independent
verification of this information or for any independent evaluation or
appraisal of the assets of iVillage or Women.com.
Allen & Company assumed that
financial, operating and budgetary data referred to above for iVillage and
Women.com had been reasonably prepared on bases reflecting the best currently
available estimates and judgments of the management of iVillage and Women.com.

Allen & Company expressed no opinion with respect to the financial, operating
and budgetary data or the assumptions on which they were based.

   
Allen & Company's opinion was necessarily based upon business, market,
economic and other conditions as they existed on, and could be evaluated as
of, the date of its opinion.
Allen & Company's opinion does not imply any
conclusion as to the likely trading range of the iVillage common stock
following the consummation of the merger.
This may vary depending on, among
other factors, changes in interest rates, dividend rates, market conditions,
general economic conditions and other factors that generally influence the
price of securities.

   
Allen & Company also assumed in its analysis that, in all material respects:

   o the representations and warranties of iVillage and Women.com contained in
     the merger agreement were true and correct, iVillage and Women.com will
     perform all of the covenants to be performed by them under the merger
     agreement and all conditions to the consummation of the merger by
     iVillage and Women.com will be satisfied;

   o all material governmental, regulatory or other approvals and consents
     required in connection with the consummation of the merger will be
     obtained; and

   
o obtaining the required approvals or opinions or consents or amendments,
     modifications or waivers to any agreements to which either iVillage or
     Women.com is a party would not impose any limitation,

     restrictions or conditions or amendments, modification or waivers that
     would have a material adverse effect on iVillage or Women.com or
     materially reduce the contemplated benefits of the merger to iVillage.

   
The following is a summary of the presentations made by Allen & Company to
the iVillage board while giving its fairness opinion:

   
Status of the Industry.
Allen & Company presented an overview of the
current state of the specialized online portal industry.
Allen & Company noted
that the industry has recently witnessed severe reductions in market values
and an increase in bankruptcies.
The difficult financing environment faced by
Internet companies has led to a decrease in online advertising revenue and a
reduction in the quality of the receivables of advertising-driven online
companies.
Allen & Company observed that third parties are projecting
advertising growth in the United States to be slower than previously expected,
due primarily to the loss of dot com advertising revenue.
Further, traditional
advertisers have been cautious about spending in online entities without
significant scale or financial resources.
This uncertainty has led to a lack
of revenue visibility for most companies supported by online advertising.

Finally, Allen & Company noted that larger companies with funding and scale
will continue to grow market share as undercapitalized companies are forced to
slow expansion or shut down entirely.

   
Benefits of the Merger.
Allen & Company identified potential benefits of
the proposed merger, including:

   o consolidation of the online women's space;

   o increased advertising concentration;

   o increased scale;

   o increased traffic and revenue opportunities;

   o cost savings due to a reduction in overhead;

   o the cash investment by Hearst Communications; and

   o the continued relationship with Hearst Communications.

   
Overview of Women.com.
Allen & Company presented an overview of Women.com,
including a description of the content, community, shopping and personalized
services offered by Women.com.
Allen & Company reviewed Women.com's historical
operating results for the fiscal years ended December 31, 1997 through 1999,
its estimated operating results for fiscal year 2000 and its budgeted
operating results for fiscal year 2001.

   
Allen & Company also reviewed stock price and trading volume data for
Women.com.
Allen & Company noted that the general trading patterns of
Women.com common stock have underperformed the NASDAQ Composite Index, Dow
Jones Industrial Average and an index of comparable Internet companies over
the past year.

   
Allen & Company also compared selected multiples derived from the February
2, 2001 closing price of Women.com common stock to multiples of a selected
group of publicly traded companies comprised of CNet, Dr. Koop, iVillage,
Market Watch, NBC Internet, Sportsline.com, Star Media and TheStreet.com.

Allen & Company selected these companies because Allen & Company considered
them to have operations similar to the operations of Women.com.
Allen &
Company commented that Women.com's stock trades at multiples of revenue, users
and page views below its comparable peers.
To illustrate, Allen & Company
highlighted the following multiples:

                                                                                     Revenue          (Millions)
                                                                                   -----------    -------------------
                                                                                                  Unique     Unique
                                                                                    CY     FYI    Users    Page Views
                                                                                   ----   ----    ------   
----------

Enterprise Value Multiples
Maximum........................................................................    5.2x   4.0x    249.1       35.6
Mean...........................................................................    1.9x   1.3x     58.8        6.8
Minimum........................................................................      NM     NM       NM         NM
Women.com......................................................................      NM     NM       NM         NM
Equity Value Multiples
Maximum........................................................................    5.8x   4.3x    383.0       54.7
Mean...........................................................................    2.8x   2.0x     82.0        9.2
Minimum........................................................................    
0.7x   0.6x      6.8        0.3
Women.com......................................................................    0.7x   0.5x      3.8        0.1

   These multiples were calculated by dividing either the enterprise value or
the equity value, depending on the stated multiple, by the stated metric.
"NM"
means "Not Meaningful" and represents multiples which Allen & Company
calculated and deemed to be irrelevant for inclusion in its analysis.
The
enterprise value is equal to the equity value plus total indebtedness minus
non-restricted cash (using the latest publicly available balance sheet).

   
Comparable Transaction Analysis.
Allen & Company compared Women.com's
implied transaction enterprise and equity value multiples to publicly
available financial information for twelve selected mergers and acquisitions
in the specialized online portal industry.
The transactions analyzed by Allen
& Company were:

   o America Online/Netscape Communications;

   o At Home/Excite;

   o Yahoo/GeoCities;

   o Yahoo/Broadcast.com;

   o NBC/Xoom.com;

   o Walt Disney/Infoseek;

   o Travelocity.com/Preview Travel;

   o CMGI, Inc./Yesmail.com;

   o America; Online/MapQuest.com;

   o Terra Networks/Lycos;

   o InfoSpace/Go2Net; and

   o Primedia/About.com.

   
The results of Allen & Company's analysis were as follows:

                                                                                   Revenue            (Millions)
                                                                                -------------    --------------------
                                                                                                 Unique      Unique
                                                                                  CY      FY1     Users    Page Views
                                                                                ------   ----    
-------   ----------

Enterprise Value Multiples
Maximum.....................................................................    148.1x     NA    1,048.5        NA
Mean........................................................................     
50.2x     NA      285.6        NA
Minimum.....................................................................      4.0x     NA       31.3        NA
Women.com...................................................................      0.2x   0.1x        1.0       0.0
Equity Value Multiples
Maximum.....................................................................    149.6x     NA    1,069.1        NA
Mean........................................................................     
52.5x     NA      298.9        NA
Minimum.....................................................................      
5.3x     NA       41.8        NA
Women.com...................................................................      0.6x   0.4x        3.0       0.1

   Based on the foregoing, Allen & Company concluded that the indicative
multiples of revenue, unique page views and unique users for the proposed
merger are at the low end or below the range of multiples paid in comparable
precedent transactions.

   
Indicative Premiums Paid.
Allen & Company noted that the per share value of
Women.com common stock implied by the merger of $0.55 was 20.2% less than the
closing price of the Women.com common stock on February 2, 2001, 12.2% less
than the price of the Women.com common stock one week prior to February 2,
2001 ($0.63) and 59.7% greater than the Women.com common stock price one month
prior to February 2, 2001 ($0.34).
Allen & Company analyzed the premiums paid
over pre-announcement prices in 19 public market merger and acquisition
transactions between $10 million and $50 million in equity value since January
1, 2000.
The transactions analyzed by Allen & Company were:

   o Agritope Inc./Exelixis Inc.;

   o Home Bancorp Inc./Old Kent Financial Corp.;

   o Aquila; Biopharmaceuticals/Antigenics Inc.;

   o
Bank Petaluma/Greater Bay Bancorp;

   o Trimark Holdings Inc./Lions Gate Entertainment Corp.;

   o Equality Bancorp/Allegiant Bancorp;

   o Lexington Global Asset Man./ReliaStar Financial Corp.;

   o Marion Capital Holdings/Mutual First Financial;

   o Molecular Biosystems Inc./Alliance Pharmaceutical Corp.;

   o Noodle Kidoodle, Inc./Zany Brainy Inc.;

   o Harbor Federal Bancorp Inc./Provident Bankshares Corp.;

   o Skylands Financial Corp./Fultan Financial Corp.;

   o Milton Federal Financial Corp./BancFirst Ohio;

   o Citation Computer Systems/Cerner Corp.;

   o Cambridge Neuroscience/CeNeS Pharmaceuticals PLC;

   o Fogdog Sports Inc./Global Sports Inc.;

   o BridgeStreet Accomodations/Meristar Hotels & Resorts;

   o Citizens Bancorp/Lincoln Bancorp; and

   o Videonics Inc./FOCUS Enhancements Inc.

   Allen & Company compiled the premiums represented by the acquisition prices
relative to the target companies' share prices one day, one week and one month
prior to the announcement that the target company was to be acquired.
The
following table summarizes Allen & Company's results:

                                                                                                
Premium Prior to
                                                                                                Announcement Date
                                                                                           --------------------------
                                                                                            1 Day    1 Week   1 Month
                                                                                           ------    ------   -------

Women.com ..............................................................................   (20.2%)   (12.2%)   59.7%
Maximum ................................................................................    71.0%    78.5%     152.0%
Mean ...................................................................................    25.3%    29.8%     36.8%
Minimum ................................................................................   (12.2%)   (10.2%)   (10.2%)

   Based on the foregoing analysis, Allen & Company concluded that the
indicative premiums paid in the proposed merger are at the low end or below
the range of premiums paid in similar stock-for-stock acquisitions.

   
Overview of Combined Company.
Allen & Company reviewed the projected pro
forma operating results of the combined company for the fiscal year ending
December 31, 2001 and the pro forma balance sheet as of December 31, 2000.

Allen & Company described an analysis of the pro forma ownership of the
combined company resulting from the merger before and after the additional
investment of $20 million by Hearst Communications, noting that the analysis
indicated that iVillage and Women.com would own the following percentages of
the combined company on a fully-diluted basis, using the treasury stock
method:

                                                                    Additional
                                                                      Hearst
                                                                  Communications
                                                                    Investment
                                                                  --------------
                                                                  Before   After
                                                                  ------   
-----

iVillage .....................................................    66.7%    53.4%
Women.com Holders ............................................    33.3%    46.6%

   The preparation of a fairness opinion is not susceptible to partial analysis
or summary description.
Allen & Company believes that its analyses and the
summary set forth above must be considered as a whole and that selecting
portions of its analyses and the factors considered by it, without considering
all analyses and factors, could create an incomplete view of the processes
underlying the analysis set forth in its opinion.
Allen & Company has not
indicated that any of the analyses which it performed had a greater
significance than any other.

   
In determining the appropriate analyses to conduct and when performing those
analyses, Allen & Company made numerous assumptions with respect to industry
performance, general business, financial, market and economic conditions, and
other matters, many of which are beyond the control of iVillage and Women.com.

The analyses which Allen & Company performed are not necessarily indicative of
actual values or actual future results, which may be significantly more or
less favorable than suggested by these analyses.
The analyses were prepared
solely as part of Allen & Company's analysis of the fairness, from a financial
point of view, of the terms of the merger to iVillage.
The analyses do not
purport to be appraisals or to reflect the prices at which a company might
actually be sold or the prices at which any securities may trade at the
present time or at any time in the future.

   
Allen & Company is a nationally recognized investment banking firm that is
continually engaged in the valuation of businesses and their securities in
connection with mergers and acquisitions, negotiated underwriting, competitive
bids, secondary distributions of listed and unlisted securities, private
placements and valuations for estate, corporate and other purposes.
iVillage
retained Allen & Company based on these qualifications as well as its
familiarity with iVillage.
In the ordinary course of its business as a broker-
dealer, Allen & Company may hold positions in and trade in the securities of
iVillage from time to time.

   
iVillage entered into an engagement letter agreement with Allen & Company
dated September 28, 1999 and amended on February 22, 2000, in which Allen &
Company agreed to act as iVillage's financial advisor in connection with the
merger and to render an opinion as to the fairness, from a financial point of
view, of the terms of the merger to iVillage.
Under the engagement letter,
iVillage agreed to pay a fee to Allen & Company, upon consummation of the
merger.
Whether or not the merger is consummated, iVillage has agreed,
according to the engagement letter, to reimburse Allen & Company for all its
reasonable out-of-pocket expenses, including the

fees and disbursements of its counsel, incurred in connection with its
engagement by iVillage, and to indemnify Allen & Company against certain
liabilities and expenses in connection with its engagement.


Interests of Directors and Officers in the Merger that are Different from Your
Interests

   Women.com Directors and Executive Officers

   Upon consummation of the merger, it is anticipated that the directors and
executive officers of Women.com and their affiliates will beneficially own
approximately [8.9]% of the then outstanding shares of iVillage common stock,
calculated on the basis set forth under the heading "Information Concerning
Women.com - Principal Stockholders of Women.com.
"

   As of February 28, 2001, the directors and executive officers of Women.com
held outstanding stock options to purchase an aggregate of 3,028,293 shares of
Women.com common stock.
In addition, William Miller, a non-employee member of
Women.com's board of directors, has received stock options to purchase an
aggregate of 17,500 shares of Women.com common stock.
See "The Merger
Agreement - Treatment of Women.com Stock Options" for a description of the
treatment of outstanding Women.com stock options upon consummation of the
merger.

   
Marleen McDaniel, President and Chief Executive Officer of Women.com, has an
employment agreement with Women.com under which she will receive severance
benefits in the event that, prior to January 27, 2002, her employment with
Women.com is terminated involuntarily without cause or voluntarily within
sixty days of a material reduction in her responsibilities or compensation or
a relocation of her place of employment by more than fifty miles.
These
severance benefits include continuation of base salary and benefits until the
longer of six months from termination or January 27, 2002, and acceleration of
vesting on all options that would have vested as of January 27, 2002.

   
A severance and retention plan of up to $5 million is currently being
finalized for Women.com employees.
As a result, certain officers of Women.com
may receive severance or retention payments in connection with the merger.

   
iVillage has agreed in the merger agreement that all rights to
indemnification existing in favor of those persons who are directors and
officers of Women.com as of the date of merger for their acts and omissions
occurring prior to the effective time of the merger, as provided in
Women.com's bylaws, as in effect as of the date of the merger agreement, and
as provided in the indemnification agreements between Women.com and these
persons, as in effect as of the date of the merger agreement, shall survive
the merger and shall be observed by Women.com to the fullest extent available
under Delaware law for a period of six years from the date of the merger.

iVillage also has agreed to maintain directors' and officers' liability
insurance for Women.com's directors and officers equivalent to Women.com's
current insurance for not less than six years after the effective time of the
merger, subject to certain limitations on the maximum premium payable for this
insurance.

   
In connection with the merger, Hearst Communications, the holder of
approximately 46% of the outstanding Women.com common stock, has entered into
an amended and restated securities purchase agreement with iVillage pursuant
to which Hearst Communications has agreed to purchase, for up to $20.0
million, up to 9,324,000 shares of iVillage common stock and warrants to
purchase up to 2,100,000 shares of iVillage common stock, subject to
adjustment as provided in the amended and restated securities purchase
agreement.  
In addition, it is a condition to the closing of the transactions
contemplated by the amended and restated securities purchase agreement and the
merger that iVillage and Hearst Communications enter into a stockholder
agreement and a magazine content license and hosting agreement.  
Among other
things:

   o the stockholder agreement requires iVillage to appoint three Hearst
     Communications representatives to the iVillage board of directors, one of
     which shall serve on the nominating committee and one of which shall
     serve on the compensation committee, and

   o the magazine content license and hosting agreement requires iVillage to
     pay Hearst Communications a royalty payment based on net advertising
     revenues of at least $3.9 million during the three year term of the
     agreement.


For additional information regarding the amended and restated securities
purchase agreement, the stockholder agreement and the magazine content license
and hosting agreement, see "Agreements between Hearst Communications and
iVillage."

   
Four of the members of the Women.com board of directors, James Asher,
Cathleen Black, Mark Miller and Alfred Sikes, are serving in that capacity as
representatives of Hearst Communications.

   
As a result of the foregoing, the directors and executive officers of
Women.com may be more likely to vote to approve the adoption of the merger
agreement than Women.com stockholders generally.

   
iVillage Directors and Executive Officers

   iVillage does not believe that any of the iVillage directors or executive
officers have interests in the merger that are different from the interests of
iVillage stockholders generally.

   
iVillage directors and executive officers owned, as of April 16, 2001,
approximately [1.2]% of the outstanding shares of iVillage common stock,
excluding those shares of iVillage common stock subject to outstanding stock
options.


Exchange of Women.com Stock Certificates for iVillage Stock Certificates

   Each share of Women.com common stock outstanding immediately before the time
of the merger will be converted into the right to receive 0.322 (subject to
adjustment) of a share of iVillage common stock at the time of the merger.
In
addition, stockholders of Women.com will receive a cash payment equal to one
percent of the product of the average high and low prices of a share of
iVillage common stock on the Nasdaq National Market on the closing date of the
merger multiplied by 0.322 (subject to adjustment).
To allow holders of shares
of Women.com common stock to exchange their certificates for certificates of
shares of iVillage common stock, iVillage will deposit with an exchange agent
certificates representing shares of iVillage common stock (plus the cash
portion of the merger consideration and cash in lieu of fractional shares and
unpaid distributions, if any) that will be issued in exchange for the
Women.com stock certificates.
The exchange agent will then mail to each holder
of shares of Women.com common stock a transmittal form that will contain
instructions for the surrender of Women.com stock certificates to be exchanged
in the merger.
Women.com stockholders who surrender to the exchange agent
their shares of Women.com common stock, along with the transmittal form, will
receive a certificate representing the number of whole shares of iVillage
common stock that they are entitled to receive.
These Women.com stockholders
will also receive a check representing the cash portion of the merger
consideration and cash in lieu of any fractional shares and any unpaid
dividends and distributions that the stockholder may have a right to receive.

   
The surrendered Women.com certificates will be canceled.
If any Women.com
certificates are presented to iVillage or the exchange agent after the merger,
then those certificates will be canceled and exchanged for certificates
representing the shares of iVillage common stock (plus the cash portion of the
merger consideration and cash in lieu of fractional shares, if any) that the
holder of the Women.com certificates is entitled to receive under the merger
agreement.

   
None of iVillage, the exchange agent or any other person will be liable to
any former Women.com stockholder for any amount properly delivered to a public
official pursuant to applicable abandoned property, escheatment or similar
laws.


Dividend Policy

   iVillage intends to retain all available earnings generated by its
operations for the development and growth of iVillage's business.
Since
iVillage's initial public offering, iVillage has not paid cash dividends.

iVillage does not anticipate paying any cash dividends on shares of iVillage
common stock in the foreseeable future.
Subject to Delaware law, iVillage's
board of directors will have broad discretion to make any future determination
as to dividend policy.
Any determination will depend on a number of factors,
including:

   o future earnings;

   o capital requirements;

   o financial condition;

   o business factors;

   o restrictions contained in iVillage's debt agreements; and

   o any other factors
iVillage's board of directors deems relevant.


Women.com's Stock Option and Stock Purchase Plans

   At the effective time, each outstanding option to purchase shares of
Women.com common stock under Women.com's stock option plans will be assumed by
iVillage.
Each Women.com stock option that is assumed by iVillage will
continue to have, and be subject to, the same terms and conditions that were
applicable to the option immediately prior to the effective time, except that:

   o each Women.com stock option will be exercisable for shares of iVillage
     common stock, and the number of shares of iVillage common stock issuable
     upon exercise of any given option will be determined by multiplying 0.322
     (as may be decreased pursuant to the terms of the merger agreement as
     described below under "The Merger Agreement--Merger Consideration") by
     the number of shares of Women.com common stock underlying the applicable
     option, rounded down to the nearest whole number;

   o the per share exercise price of any given option will be determined by
     dividing the exercise price of the option immediately prior to the
     effective time by 0.322 (subject to adjustment) less the per share cash
     payment, rounded up to the nearest whole cent; and

   o all Women.com stock options subject to vesting shall become vested in
     full and immediately exercisable.

   
iVillage has agreed to file a registration statement on Form S-8 for the
shares of iVillage common stock issuable with respect to the assumed Women.com
stock options within 30 days after the effective time.
iVillage intends to
maintain the effectiveness of the registration statement for so long as any
iVillage stock options or other rights thereunder remain outstanding.

   
Immediately prior to the effective time, any outstanding purchase rights
under Women.com's Employee Stock Purchase Plan will automatically be exercised
and paid for through accumulated payroll deductions.
This will allow
participants to purchase shares of Women.com common stock under the plan prior
to the effective time.
This shortened purchase period will expire immediately
following the new purchase date, and the plan will terminate immediately prior
to the effective time.


Accounting Treatment of the Merger

   iVillage intends to account for the merger as a purchase for financial
reporting and accounting purposes, under generally accepted accounting
principles in the United States of America.
After the merger, the results of
operations of iVillage and Women.com will be included in the consolidated
financial statements of iVillage and Women.com.
The purchase price will be
allocated based on the fair values of the assets acquired and the liabilities
assumed.
Any excess of cost over fair value of the net tangible assets of
Women.com acquired will be recorded as goodwill and other intangible assets
and will be amortized by charges to operations over the expected period of
benefit.
These allocations will be made based upon valuations and other
studies that have not yet been finalized.

   
If the cost of the acquisition is less than the fair value of the net
tangible assets of Women.com acquired, the deficiency will be allocated first
to reduce proportionately the values assigned to non-current assets.
Should
non-current assets be reduced to zero, any remaining deficiency should be
recorded as a deferred credit and amortized to income over the period of
expected benefit.

   
Representatives of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP are expected to be present at
the iVillage and Women.com special meetings and to be available to respond to
appropriate questions, and will have an opportunity to make a statement if
they desire to do so.


Material Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger

   The following are the material United States federal income tax consequences
of the merger, assuming that you are a United States person and hold your
shares of Women.com common stock as capital assets.
The following discussion
is based on and subject to the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, its
legislative history, applicable Treasury regulations, administrative rulings
and court decisions currently in effect, all of which are subject to change at
any time, possibly with retroactive effect.
The following discussion further
assumes that the merger will be consummated in accordance with the provisions
of the merger agreement.

   
This discussion does not address all aspects of United States federal income
taxation that may be important to you in light of your particular
circumstances, or if you are subject to special rules, such as rules relating
to:

   o Women.com stockholders who are not citizens or residents of the United
     States;

   o Financial institutions;

   o Tax-exempt organizations;

   o Insurance companies;

   o Mutual funds;

   o Dealers in securities;

   o Women.com stockholders who acquired their shares of Women.com common
     stock by exercising employee stock options or rights or otherwise as
     compensation; and

   o Women.com stockholders who hold their shares of Women.com common stock as
     "qualified small business stock" under Section 1202 of the Internal
     Revenue Code, or as part of a hedge, straddle or a constructive sale or
     conversion transaction.

   
Women.com and iVillage have structured the merger so that the merger should
be a taxable transaction for United States federal income tax purposes.

Provided that the merger is a taxable transaction, the following federal
income tax consequences will result.
Based on the foregoing, as a result of
the merger:

   o No gain or loss will be recognized by Women.com as a result of the
     merger.

   
o Each Women.com stockholder will recognize gain or loss equal to the
     difference between (i) the sum of the amount of cash received, the fair
     market value of the iVillage stock received (based upon the value of the
     iVillage stock on the date of the merger) and the fair market value, if
     any, of the rights to purchase iVillage common stock and the warrant to
     purchase iVillage common stock distributed in the rights offering (based
     upon the value of such rights and warrant on the date of the merger) and
     (ii) the stockholder's tax basis in the Women.com stock exchanged therefor.
     
See "The Rights Offering--Certain Federal Income Tax Consequences.
"
     This gain or loss generally will be capital gain or loss and will be
     long-term capital gain or loss if the stockholder's shares of Women.com
     stock have been held for more than one year at the time of the merger.

   
o
The tax basis of the iVillage common stock received by Women.com
     stockholders in the merger will be equal to its fair market value on the
     date of the merger.

   
o
The tax holding period of the iVillage common stock that Women.com
     stockholders receive in the merger will begin on the day after the
     merger.

   
In addition, you may have additional consideration received in the merger
equal to the fair market value, if any, of the rights distributed to you
pursuant to the rights offering on the date the rights are distributed.

However, you should not have any material United States federal income tax
consequences as a result of the rights offering if you decide not to exercise
the rights distributed to you pursuant to the rights offering.  
For a
discussion of the material federal income tax consequences of the rights
offering see "The Rights Offering--Certain Federal Income Tax Consequences.
"

   A Women.com stockholder may be subject to backup withholding at a rate of
31% on the cash payments and fair market value of the iVillage common stock
and rights under the rights offering a Women.com stockholder

receives in the merger.
Backup withholding will not apply, however, if a
Women.com stockholder is an exempt recipient (such as a corporation or
financial institution) or is otherwise exempt from backup withholding, if a
Women.com stockholder furnishes its taxpayer identification number and
certifies that it is not subject to backup withholding on the appropriate
form.
It is possible that the IRS may assert that the merger constitutes a
"reorganization" under Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986
which would result in you not recognizing gain or loss for federal income tax
purposes (except with respect to shares that qualify as dissenting shares
under the Delaware General Corporation Law) and not adjusting your tax basis
to equal the fair market value of the iVillage common stock.

   
iVillage's obligation to complete the merger is conditioned on, subject to
waiver by iVillage, receipt of a closing tax opinion from Orrick, Herrington &
Sutcliffe LLP, counsel to iVillage, dated the date that the merger is
completed, to the effect that for United States federal income tax purposes no
gain or loss will be recognized by iVillage or its stockholders as a result of
the merger.
iVillage does not currently intend to waive the condition relating
to the receipt of a closing tax opinion.
Women.com's obligation to complete
the merger is conditioned on, subject to waiver by Women.com, receipt of a
closing tax opinion from Cooley Godward LLP, counsel to Women.com, dated the
date the merger is completed, that addresses the tax treatment of the merger
to the stockholders of Women.com.
Specifically, subject to the limitations
contained in the opinion, Cooley Godward will opine that:

   o each Women.com stockholder will recognize gain or loss equal to the
     difference between:

      o the amount of cash received plus the fair market value of the iVillage
        stock received (based upon the value of the iVillage stock on the date
        of the merger), and the fair market value, if any, of the rights
        received pursuant to the rights offering (based upon the value of the
        rights on the date of distribution), and

      o the stockholder's tax basis in the Women.com stock exchanged therefore;

   o the tax basis of the iVillage common stock received by Women.com
     stockholders in the merger will be equal to its fair market value on the
     date of the merger; and

   o the tax holding period of the iVillage common stock that Women.com
     stockholders receive in the merger will begin on the day after the
     merger.

   
Women.com does not currently intend to waive the condition relating to the
receipt of a closing tax opinion.
In addition, neither iVillage nor Women.com
intend to request a ruling from the IRS with respect to the merger.

Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the IRS will not challenge the
conclusions set forth above or that a court will not sustain a challenge by
the IRS.

   
The foregoing discussion is not intended to be a complete analysis or
description of all potential United States federal income tax consequences or
any other consequences of the merger and, except as described herein, does not
address transactions effectuated prior or subsequent to or concurrently with
the merger whether or not these transactions are in connection with the
merger.
In addition, this discussion does not address tax consequences which
may vary with, or are contingent on, your individual circumstances.
Moreover,
this discussion does not address any non-income tax or any foreign, state or
local tax consequences of the merger.
Accordingly, you are strongly urged to
consult with your tax advisor to determine the particular United States
federal, state, local or foreign income or other tax consequences to you of
the merger.


Regulatory Filings and Approvals Required to Complete the Merger

   iVillage and Women.com do not believe that there are any material regulatory
or governmental approvals necessary to consummate the merger.


Restrictions on Sale of Shares by Affiliates

   All shares of iVillage common stock that Women.com stockholders will receive
in the merger will be freely transferable, except for shares of iVillage
common stock that are received by persons who are deemed to be "affiliates" of
Women.com under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, at the time of the
Women.com special

meeting.
These affiliates may resell the shares of iVillage common stock they
receive in the merger in transactions permitted by Rule 145 under the
Securities Act or as otherwise permitted under the Securities Act.
Persons who
may be deemed to be affiliates of Women.com for these purposes generally
include individuals or entities that control, are controlled by or are under
common control with Women.com, including directors and executive officers of
Women.com.
Hearst Communications is considered an affiliate of Women.com, and
as such may only resell the shares it receives in the merger in transactions
permitted by Rule 145 of the Securities Act or as otherwise permitted under
the Securities Act.
The shares Hearst Communications will receive under the
amended and restated securities purchase agreement in connection with the
merger will not be registered under the Securites Act.
As a result, Hearst
Communications may not resell these shares unless they are registered under
the Securities Act or Hearst Communications can rely on an exemption from
registration.
Because it will become an affiliate of iVillage after the
completion of the merger, Hearst Communications generally may not resell the
shares it receives under the amended and restated securities purchase
agreement for a period of one year and may only do so afterward in compliance
with the requirements of Rule 144 of the Securities Act or as otherwise
permitted under the Securities Act.


Rights of Dissenting Women.com Stockholders

   Pursuant to Section 262 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, a
dissenting Women.com stockholder who desires to object to the merger and to
receive the fair value of his or her shares of Women.com common stock in cash
by following the procedure described below may do so by complying with the
provisions of Delaware law pertaining to the exercise of dissenters' rights.

Only those Women.com stockholders entitled to vote on the merger are entitled
to dissent and receive the fair value of their shares.
All of the holders of
Women.com's common stock as of the record date are entitled to vote on the
merger and all of the holders may dissent and receive the fair value of their
shares of Women.com common stock.
The following is a summary of the applicable
provisions of Delaware law and it is qualified in its entirety by reference to
Delaware law.
A copy of the relevant provisions of Delaware law is attached to
this joint proxy statement/prospectus as Annex D.

   A written demand for appraisal of shares of Women.com common stock must be
delivered to Women.com by a Women.com stockholder seeking appraisal before the
vote on the merger is taken.
The written demand must be separate from any
proxy or vote abstaining from or voting against approval and adoption of the
merger.
Voting against approval and adoption of the merger, abstaining from
voting or failing to vote with respect to approval and adoption of the merger
will not constitute a demand for appraisal within the meaning of Section 262.

By voting against approval and adoption of the merger or by abstaining from
voting in favor of the merger, a Women.com stockholder may preserve his or her
rights of appraisal as a dissenting stockholder.

   
Women.com stockholders electing to exercise their appraisal rights under
Section 262 must not vote for approval and adoption of the merger.
A vote by a
Women.com stockholder against approval and adoption of the merger is not
required in order for a Women.com stockholder to exercise appraisal rights.

However, if a Women.com stockholder returns a signed proxy but does not
specify a vote against approval and adoption of the merger or a direction to
abstain, the proxy, if not revoked, will be voted for approval and adoption of
the merger, which will have the effect of waiving the Women.com stockholder's
appraisal rights.

   
A demand for appraisal will be sufficient if it reasonably informs Women.com
of the identity of the Women.com stockholder and that the Women.com
stockholder intends to demand appraisal.
If the Women.com common stock is
owned of record in a fiduciary capacity, such as by a trustee, guardian, or
custodian, the demand must be executed by the fiduciary.
If the Women.com
common stock is owned of record by more than one person, as in a joint tenancy
or tenancy in common, the demand must be executed by all joint owners.
An
authorized agent, including an agent for two or more joint owners, may execute
the demand for appraisal for a Women.com stockholder of record; however, the
agent must identify the record owner or owners and expressly disclose the fact
that, in exercising the demand, he or she is acting as agent for the record
owner or owners.

   
A Women.com stockholder who elects to exercise appraisal rights should mail
or deliver his or her written demand to Women.com at its executive offices set
forth under the caption "Summary of the Merger-The Companies" in this joint
proxy statement/prospectus or deliver the demand to Women.com at Women.com's
special meeting.
The demand should specify the Women.com stockholder's name
and mailing address and the number of shares of Women.com common stock owned.

It is the responsibility of each Women.com stockholder

electing to exercise appraisal rights to ensure that the written demand is
received by Women.com before the vote is taken at Women.com's special meeting.

   
Within ten days after the effective time of the merger, iVillage must
provide notice of the date the merger has become effective to all Women.com
stockholders who have complied with Section 262(d), summarized above, and have
not voted for approval of the merger.

   
Within 120 days after the effective time of the merger, any Women.com
stockholder who has complied with the provisions of Sections 262(a) and (d),
summarized above, is entitled, upon written request, to receive from iVillage
a statement setting forth the aggregate number of shares of Women.com common
stock not voted in favor of approval and adoption of the merger agreement and
the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement and with respect to
which demands for appraisal have been received and the aggregate number of
holders of dissenting shares.
This statement must be mailed to dissenting
Women.com stockholders within ten days after the written request for it has
been received by iVillage or within ten days after expiration of the time for
delivery of demands for appraisal under Section 262(d), whichever is later.

   
Within 120 days after the effective time of the merger, either iVillage or
any holder of Women.com common stock who has complied with the required
conditions of Sections 262(a) and (d) and who is otherwise entitled to
appraisal rights may file a petition in the Court of Chancery of the State of
Delaware demanding a determination of the fair value of the shares of any
dissenting Women.com stockholders.
If a petition for an appraisal is timely
filed, at a hearing on the petition, the court will determine which Women.com
stockholders are entitled to appraisal rights and will appraise the shares of
Women.com common stock owned by those Women.com stockholders, determining the
fair value of those shares, exclusive of any element of value arising from the
accomplishment or expectation of the merger, together with a fair rate of
interest, if any, to be paid upon the amount determined to be the fair value.

In determining fair value, the court is to take into account all relevant
factors.
In Weinberger v. UOP, Inc., decided in 1983, the Delaware Supreme
Court, in the context of litigation involving holders of common stock of a
Delaware corporation, expanded the factors that could be considered in
determining fair value in an appraisal proceeding, stating that "proof of
value by any techniques or methods which are generally considered acceptable
in the financial community and otherwise admissible in court" should be
considered, and that a "[f]air price obviously requires consideration of all
relevant factors involving the value of a company . . . ."
The Delaware
Supreme Court stated that in making this determination of fair value the court
must consider market value, asset value, dividends, earnings prospects, the
nature of the enterprise and any other facts which could be ascertained as of
the date of the relevant merger which could affect future prospects of the
merged corporation.
In Weinberger, the Delaware Supreme Court held that
"elements of future value, including the nature of the enterprise, which are
known or susceptible of proof as of the date of the merger and not the product
of speculation, may be considered.
"

   Women.com stockholders considering seeking appraisal should be aware that
the fair value of their shares determined under Section 262 could be more
than, the same as or less than the value of the consideration they are to
receive under the merger if they do not seek appraisal of their shares.

   
Both fairness opinions and appraisal proceedings review many different
aspects of a company's financial and business circumstances under accepted
valuation techniques, but the perspectives differ.
A determination that a
transaction is fair from a financial point of view may be based on a finding
that the price term of a transaction falls within a range of values that would
be fair for other companies involved in similar types of transactions and
circumstances.
A finding of this type does not determine what the best
possible price would be, but looks at the transaction as a whole and
determines whether entering the transaction is a reasonable business decision.

In reaching the determination that an offered price is fair from a financial
point of view, consideration is given to the fact that a purchaser of an
entire company may be willing to pay a "control premium" in excess of the fair
market value of the stock.
A determination of fair value in an appraisal
proceeding attempts to reduce all of the elements of value of a company to a
set amount rather than focusing on the range of values in similar
transactions.
A judicial finding of fair value attempts to ensure that each
dissenting stockholder receives the substantial equivalent of his or her
proportionate interest in a company before the merger occurred.
An appraisal
proceeding does not attempt to consider the effects, if any, of the merger
transaction itself on the value of the stock of a company.

   
The cost of the appraisal proceeding may be determined by the court and
taxed against the parties as the court deems equitable in the circumstances.

Upon application of a dissenting Women.com stockholder, the court may order
that all or a portion of the expenses incurred by any dissenting stockholder
in connection with the appraisal proceeding, including, without limitation,
reasonable attorneys' fees and the fees and expenses of experts, be charged
against the value of shares of Women.com common stock entitled to appraisal.

In the absence of a determination or assessment, each party bears its own
expenses.

   
A Women.com stockholder who has duly demanded appraisal in compliance with
Section 262 will not, after the effective time of the merger, have any rights
in respect of shares subject to that demand except for appraisal rights and
the right to receive payment of dividends or other distributions, if any, on
shares payable to Women.com stockholders of record as of a date prior to the
effective time.

   
At any time within 60 days after the effective time of the merger, a
dissenting Women.com stockholder will have the right to withdraw his or her
demand for appraisal and to accept the terms of the merger.
After this period,
a dissenting Women.com stockholder may withdraw his or her demand for
appraisal only with the consent of iVillage.
If no petition for appraisal is
filed with the court within 120 days after the effective time of the merger, a
dissenting Women.com stockholder's rights to appraisal will cease.
As iVillage
has no obligation to file a petition, a dissenting Women.com stockholder who
desires a petition to be filed is advised to file it on a timely basis.
No
petition timely filed in the court demanding appraisal may be dismissed as to
a dissenting Women.com stockholder without the approval of the court, and that
approval may be conditioned upon any terms the court deems just.

   
The provisions of Section 262 are technical in nature and complex.
Women.com
stockholders desiring to exercise appraisal rights and obtain appraisal of the
fair value of their Women.com common stock should consult counsel, because
failure to comply strictly with the provisions of Section 262 may defeat their
appraisal rights.


Listing on the Nasdaq National Market of Shares of iVillage Common Stock to Be
Issued in the Merger

   It is a condition to the merger that the shares of iVillage common stock
issuable pursuant to the merger be authorized for listing on the Nasdaq
National Market, subject to official notice of issuance.
iVillage common stock
is traded on the Nasdaq National Market under the symbol "IVIL.
"

                              THE MERGER AGREEMENT

   The following is a summary of the material terms of the merger agreement, as
amended as of February 22, 2001.
A copy of the merger agreement is attached as
Annex A-1 to this joint proxy statement/prospectus and a copy of the amendment
to the merger agreement is attached as Annex A-2 to this joint proxy
statement/prospectus, both of which are incorporated in this document by
reference.
All references in this joint proxy statement/prospectus to the
merger agreement mean the merger agreement as amended.
This summary is
qualified by reference to the merger agreement.
You should read the merger
agreement because it, and not this document, is the legal document that
governs the merger.


Merger Structure and Timing

   At the effective time of the merger, Stanhope Acquisition Sub, LLC, a wholly
owned subsidiary of iVillage, referred to in this joint proxy statement/
prospectus as "merger sub," will merge with and into Women.com, which will be
the surviving corporation in the merger and become a wholly owned subsidiary
of iVillage.

   
The effective time of the merger will be the time we file the certificate of
merger with the Delaware Secretary of State or at a later time as we may agree
and specify in the certificate of merger.
We currently anticipate that we will
complete the merger by the end of May 2001, assuming our stockholders approve
the merger at the special meetings and all other conditions to the merger have
been satisfied or waived.


Merger Consideration

   Exchange Ratio and Cash Consideration.  
At the effective time of the
merger, each share of Women.com common stock issued and outstanding
immediately before the effective time of the merger (other than shares of
Women.com common stock held by Women.com, iVillage or the merger sub, which
will be canceled and retired or shares as to which appraisal rights have been
demanded, exercised or perfected in accordance with Delaware law, which shares
will be converted into the right to receive the amount required by Delaware
law) will be converted into 0.322 of a share (subject to adjustment as
described below) of iVillage common stock.
In addition, stockholders of
Women.com will receive a cash payment per share equal to one percent of the
product of the average high and low prices of a share of iVillage common stock
on the Nasdaq National Market on the closing date of the merger multiplied by
0.322 (subject to adjustment as described below).
The exchange ratio will be
decreased if the shortfall with respect to cash or working capital of
Women.com as of March 31, 2001 was $2.0 million or less, and Hearst
Communications, at its option, may purchase additional shares of iVillage
common stock equal to or less than the shortfall with respect to cash or
working capital, whichever is greater, divided by $1.875, at a purchase price
of $1.875 per share.
If the shortfall with respect to cash or working capital
of iVillage was more than $2.0 million, but less than $4.0 million, as of March
31, 2001, then Hearst Communications must purchase additional shares of
iVillage common stock pursuant to the merger agreement for the amount of the
shortfall which exceeds $2.0 million, and Hearst Communications will have the
option to purchase additional shares of iVillage common stock with respect to
the shortfall of $2.0 million or less, equal to the shortfall with respect to
cash or working capital, whichever is greater, divided by $1.875.  
Hearst
Communications will pay $1.875 for each share purchased due to any shortfall.

   
iVillage may terminate the merger agreement if:

   o the shortfall is more than $4.0 million as of March 31, 2001;

   o Women.com's cash on hand immediately prior to the closing of the merger
     is not equal to or greater than the difference between the amount of cash
     on hand as of March 31, 2001 minus the product of $166,666 multiplied by
     the number of days elapsed from March 31, 2001 to the date which is one
     day prior to the date of the closing of the merger; or

   o  working capital immediately prior to the closing of the merger is
     materially less than the difference between the amount of working capital
     as of March 31, 2001 minus the reduction in Women.com's cash on hand
     since March 31, 2001.

   
The merger agreement does not specify the manner in which the parties would
determine whether or not such working capital amount is "materially less" than
the difference between the amount of working capital at March 31, 2001 and the
reduction in Women.com's cash since March 31, 2001.

   
Fractional Shares.
Certificates for fractional shares of iVillage common
stock will not be issued in the merger.
Women.com stockholders that would
otherwise receive fractional shares will, instead, be entitled to receive a
cash payment equal to the value of these fractional share interests.
The cash
payment for fractional shares is determined by multiplying the per share
closing price of iVillage common stock on the closing date by the fraction of
the share to which the holder is entitled.


Exchange Procedures

   As soon as reasonably practicable after the effective time of the merger, an
exchange agent will mail a letter of transmittal to each holder of record of
Women.com stock certificates.
This letter of transmittal must be used in
surrendering Women.com stock certificates to the exchange agent for
cancellation.
Upon surrender of a Women.com stock certificate for
cancellation, together with a duly executed letter of transmittal, the holder
of the Women.com stock certificate will be entitled to receive in exchange:

   o an iVillage stock certificate representing the whole number of shares of
     iVillage common stock that the holder has the right to receive;

   o a check representing the cash portion of the merger consideration and the
     amount of cash payable in lieu of any fractional shares of iVillage
     common stock, if any; and

   o unpaid dividends and distributions, if any, that the holder has the right
     to receive pursuant to the merger agreement, after giving effect to any
     required withholding tax.

   
Women.com stockholders should not send in their Women.com stock certificates
until they receive the letter of transmittal.

   
After the effective time of the merger, each Women.com stock certificate,
until surrendered and exchanged, will represent only the right to receive a
certificate representing shares of iVillage common stock and the cash portion
of the merger consideration and cash in lieu of fractional shares, if any, and
unpaid dividends and distributions, if any.
Holders of Women.com stock
certificates will not be entitled to receive any dividends or other
distributions declared or made by iVillage having a record date on or after
the effective time of the merger until the Women.com stock certificates are
surrendered for exchange.
Subject to applicable law, following surrender of
the Women.com stock certificates, dividends and distributions, if any, will be
paid without interest and less the amount of any required withholding taxes.


Treatment of Women.com Stock Options

   At the effective time
, each outstanding option to purchase shares of
Women.com common stock under Women.com's stock option plans will be assumed by
iVillage.
Each Women.com stock option that is assumed by iVillage will
continue to have, and be subject to, the same terms and conditions that were
applicable to the option immediately prior to the effective time, except that:

   o each Women.com stock option will be exercisable for shares of iVillage
     common stock, and the number of shares of iVillage common stock issuable
     upon exercise of any given option will be determined by multiplying 0.322
     (as may be decreased pursuant to the terms of the merger agreement as
     described above under "Merger Consideration") by the number of shares of
     Women.com common stock underlying the applicable option, rounded down to
     the nearest whole number;

   o the per share exercise price for iVillage common stock issuable upon
     exercise of a Women.com stock option will be determined by dividing the
     exercise price of the option immediately prior to the effective time by
     0.322 (subject to adjustment), rounded up to the nearest whole cent,
     minus the cash amount; and

   o all Women.com stock options subject to vesting shall become vested in
     full and immediately exercisable.

   
iVillage has agreed to file a registration statement on Form S-8 for the
shares of iVillage common stock issuable with respect to the assumed Women.com
stock options within 30 days after the effective time.
iVillage

intends to maintain the effectiveness of the registration statement for so
long as any iVillage stock options or other rights thereunder remain
outstanding.

   
Immediately prior to the effective time, any outstanding purchase rights
under Women.com's Employee Stock Purchase Plan will automatically be exercised
and paid for through accumulated payroll deductions.
This will allow
participants to purchase shares of Women.com common stock under the plan prior
to the effective time.
This shortened purchase period will expire immediately
following the new purchase date, and the plan will terminate immediately prior
to the effective time.


Representations and Warranties

   The merger agreement contains various representations and warranties by each
of iVillage and Women.com relating to, among other things:

   
o the organization, good standing and foreign qualification of these
     parties and their respective subsidiaries;

   o the authorization, execution, delivery and enforceability of the merger
     agreement and related matters;

   o each of their capital structures and outstanding voting securities;

   o their respective subsidiaries;

   o the absence of conflicts with, violations of or defaults under the
     charters or bylaws of each party, or any material agreement or applicable
     law, which results from the execution or delivery of the merger agreement
     or the completion of the transactions contemplated by the merger
     agreement;

   o governmental or regulatory consents, approvals, authorization for
     consummation of the merger and compliance with laws, ordinances and
     regulations;

   o litigation or decrees against each party;

   o the documents and reports filed by them with the Securities and Exchange
     Commission, their financial statements and the accuracy of the
     information contained in these documents;

   o absence of certain material changes since September 30, 2000;

   o taxes;

   o material contracts;

   o intellectual property matters;

   o transactions with affiliates;

   o absence of discussions with third parties concerning an acquisition;

   o brokerage and similar fees; and

   o the stockholder vote required in connection with the merger agreement and
     the other matters described in this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

   
In addition, Women.com made representations with respect to:

   o retirement and other employee plans and benefit arrangements and matters
     relating to the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as
     amended;

   o labor matters;

   o insurance matters;

   o the inapplicability of anti-takeover statutes;

   o real and personal property matters;

   o environmental matters; and

   o employee/consulting matters and agreements.


Conduct of Business of Women.com and iVillage Before the Merger

   Women.com has agreed that, before the effective time of the merger, it will:

   o conduct its business in the ordinary course in a manner consistent with
     prior practice;

   o use its commercially reasonable efforts to preserve substantially intact
     its business organizations, keep available the services of its officers
     and employees and preserve current relationships;

   o comply in all material respects with applicable laws;

   o not declare or pay any dividends on or make other distributions in
     respect of any of its capital stock, except for dividends by wholly-owned
     subsidiaries, or redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire any shares of its
     capital stock;

   o not split, combine or reclassify any of its capital stock, or issue or
     authorize or propose the issuance of any other securities in respect of,
     in lieu of or in substitution for its capital stock;

   o not grant any new options, warrants, convertible securities or other
     rights outstanding as of the date of the merger agreement to acquire
     shares of its capital stock or convertible securities;

   o not take any actions which would make its representations and warranties
     not true in all material respects or result in any of the conditions to
     the merger not being satisfied;

   o not amend its certificate of incorporation or bylaws;

   o not incur any indebtedness for borrowed money or guarantee any
     indebtedness for borrowed money;

   o not make any loans or advances to anyone other than its subsidiaries or
     any loans or advances in the ordinary course of business which exceed
     $100,000;

   o not merge or consolidate with any other entity in any transaction or sell
     any business or assets in a single transaction or a series of
     transactions in which the aggregate consideration is $100,000 or greater;

   o not make any changes to its accounting policies;

   o not make any changes in employment terms for any of its directors or
     officers;

   o not alter, amend or create any obligations with respect to compensation,
     severance, benefits, change of control payments or any other payments to
     employees, directors or affiliates of Women.com or its subsidiaries, or
     make any changes to the benefit plans; and

   o not sell, license, mortgage or otherwise encumber or subject to any lien
     or otherwise dispose of any material properties or assets, other than in
     the ordinary course of business.

   
iVillage has agreed that, before the effective time of the merger, it will
not enter into any transaction or agreement that would require the consent of
its stockholders other than the proposals submitted to iVillage stockholders
at the special meeting in connection with the merger agreement.

   
The merger agreement does not prohibit the actions described above to the
extent contemplated by the merger agreement, or to the extent that the other
party has otherwise consented in writing.


Competing Acquisition Proposals for Women.com

   Women.com has agreed not to, directly or indirectly, solicit, initiate or
encourage, including by way of furnishing material non-public information, or
take any action designed to facilitate, directly or indirectly, any competing
acquisition proposal for Women.com or participate in any discussions or
negotiations concerning an acquisition proposal, or a proposal which may
reasonably lead to an acquisition proposal, for Women.com.
Women.com must give
iVillage immediate notice of any proposal which may lead to an acquisition
proposal.

   
However, at any time prior to April 6, 2001, Women.com's board of directors
may consider a superior proposal (as defined below), may furnish information
of Women.com to a person making a superior proposal and

participate in discussions of a superior proposal in the exercise of its
fiduciary duties if but only if Women.com's board of directors reasonably
determines in good faith, based on the written advice of independent outside
legal counsel, that it is required to do so to comply with its fiduciary
duties to Women.com's stockholders.
Women.com is required to give iVillage
immediate notice in writing of the terms and conditions of the superior
proposal, keep iVillage apprised of the status of any discussions and give
iVillage at least 72 hours advance written notice before it modifies, or
proposes publicly to modify, the recommendation of its board of directors for
the approval of the merger.
Any information provided to a person or group in
connection with a superior proposal for Women.com is required to be provided
pursuant to a customary confidentiality agreement.

   
Women.com has also agreed that it will, through its board of directors,
recommend approval of the merger and use its best efforts to solicit from its
stockholders proxies in favor of the merger.
However, before the date
Women.com's stockholders approve the merger, the Women.com board of directors
may withdraw, modify or change its recommendation regarding the merger if, in
the good faith judgment of the Women.com board of directors based on written
advice of independent outside legal counsel that it must do so in order to
comply with its fiduciary duties to stockholders under applicable law.

   
For purposes of the description of the merger agreement in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus, "acquisition proposal for Women.com" means, except for
the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement:

   o any bona fide proposal or offer from any person relating to any direct or
     indirect acquisition or purchase of 20% or more of the assets of
     Women.com and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or 20% or more of the
     combined voting power of the shares of Women.com's common stock;

   o any tender offer or exchange offer that if consummated would result in
     any other person beneficially owning 20% or more of the combined voting
     power of Women.com's common stock; or

   o any merger, consolidation, business combination, recapitalization,
     liquidation, dissolution or similar transaction involving Women.com or
     its subsidiaries in which the acquiring person or the acquiring person's
     stockholder(s) will own 20% or more of the combined voting power of
     Women.com.

   
For purposes of the description of the merger agreement in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus, a "superior proposal" means any proposal made by a third
party:

   o relating to any direct or indirect acquisition or purchase of all or
     substantially all of the assets of Women.com and its subsidiaries, taken
     as a whole, or 80% of the combined voting power of the shares of
     Women.com voting stock;

   
o relating to any tender offer or exchange offer that if consummated would
     result in any other person beneficially owning 80% or more of the
     combined voting power of Women.com's common stock; or

   o otherwise on terms which the board of directors of Women.com determines
     in its good faith judgment (based upon the advice of a financial advisor
     of nationally recognized reputation), taking into account the person
     making the superior proposal and the legal, financial, regulatory and
     other aspects of the proposal deemed appropriate by the board of
     directors of Women.com (1) is more favorable from a financial point of
     view than the merger to its stockholders, taken as a whole, (2) is
     reasonably capable of being completed and (3) for which financing is then
     committed or is capable of being obtained.

   
Before taking any action in connection with a superior proposal for
Women.com, Women.com is required to immediately notify iVillage orally and in
writing of any requests for information or the receipt of any acquisition
proposal for Women.com or, which could reasonably be expected to lead to, an
acquisition proposal for Women.com, including the identity of the person or
group engaging in the discussions or negotiations, requesting the information
or making the competing acquisition proposal for Women.com, and the material
terms and conditions of any acquisition proposal for Women.com.
Women.com is
required to keep iVillage fully informed on a timely basis of the status and
details of a superior proposal as well as any related discussions or
negotiations.


Additional Agreements

   iVillage and Women.com have also agreed that:

   o they will allow each other access to their financial, business and other
     information, subject to the confidentiality agreement signed by both
     parties;

   o they will notify each other of the occurrence or nonoccurrence of any
     event which would be likely to cause any representation or warranty to be
     untrue or inaccurate and any failure to comply with or satisfy any
     covenant, condition or agreement to be complied with or satisfied by it
     in the merger agreement;

   
o they will each call meetings of their respective stockholders to be held
     as promptly as practicable and use their reasonable best efforts to
     solicit the required vote to approve the merger and the merger agreement;

   o they will have their boards of directors recommend the approval of the
     merger and the merger agreement to their stockholders (subject, in the
     case of Women.com, to the exercise of its fiduciary duties);

   o their boards of directors will not: (1) withdraw or modify, or propose to
     withdraw or modify, in a manner adverse to the other, the approval or
     recommendation of their boards of directors of the merger or the merger
     agreement or (2) approve or recommend or propose publicly to approve or
     recommend an acquisition proposal or an acquisition agreement, except as
     set forth above in "Competing Acquisition Proposals for Women.com," and
     either iVillage or Women.com may take and disclose to its stockholders
     pursuant to Rules 14d-9 and 14e-2 under the Exchange Act a position with
     respect to a tender or exchange offer by a third party, which is
     consistent with its obligations under the merger agreement or make a
     disclosure of this type to its stockholders, if, in the reasonable good
     faith judgment of the board of directors after receiving advice from
     independent outside legal counsel, is consistent with its obligations
     under the merger agreement and is required by applicable law;

   o Women.com will give iVillage the opportunity to participate in the
     defense or settlement of any stockholder litigation against Women.com and
     its directors relating to the transactions contemplated by the merger and
     the merger agreement and Women.com will not agree to a settlement without
     iVillage's approval;

   o
iVillage will maintain directors and officers insurance for current
     directors and officers of Women.com for a period of six years (however,
     iVillage is not required to maintain insurance which is more than 150%
     the current premiums) and will preserve the existing rights to
     indemnification of current and former directors, officers and employees
     of Women.com until the expiration of six years;

   o they will consult with each other on any press releases and other public
     announcements regarding the merger or the merger agreement;

   o they will prepare and iVillage will file the registration statement of
     which this joint proxy statement/ prospectus is a part;

   
o they will each use their commercially reasonable efforts to take all
     actions and do all things necessary, proper or advisable under applicable
     laws and regulations (including ensuring that no anti-takeover statute or
     regulation is applicable to the merger) to consummate the merger and the
     other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement as soon as
     practicable after February 5, 2001;

   o they will each use their commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all
     approvals and consents, governmental or otherwise, necessary to
     consummate the merger and to contest and resist any action or proceeding,
     order or injunction which seeks to prohibit or materially impair the
     merger;

   o they will take all actions necessary to ensure no antitakeover statute
     becomes operative, and to minimize the effects of any antitakeover
     statute;

   o
iVillage will use commercially reasonable efforts to cause to be approved
     for listing, subject to official notice of issuance, on the Nasdaq
     National Market, a sufficient number of shares of iVillage stock to be
     issued in the merger;

   o
iVillage will use reasonable efforts to obtain a tax opinion from Orrick,
     Herrington & Sutcliffe LLP to the effect that the merger will not cause a
     loss to iVillage or its stockholders;

   o Women.com will cooperate with iVillage if iVillage decides to make an
     election pursuant to Section 338 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
     amended;

   o
iVillage will perform or cause to be performed all obligations of the
     merger sub;

   o Women.com will cause all its current directors to resign and appoint
     directors nominated by iVillage to be effective upon consummation of the
     merger;

   o they will each provide the other a list of persons who may be its
     "affiliates" for purposes of Rule 145 under the Securities Act of 1933;

   o Women.com will use its reasonable best efforts to obtain from each of its
     affiliates a written undertaking in the form of a letter not to transfer
     shares of iVillage common stock issued to that person pursuant to the
     merger except pursuant to an effective registration statement or in
     compliance with Rule 145 or an exemption from the registration
     requirements under the Securities Act of 1933;

   o Women.com will take all commercially reasonable actions necessary to
     correct any noncompliance with Women.com employee benefit plans and all
     appropriate corporate action to cease benefit accruals under and
     terminate any 401(k) and retirement plans effective upon the closing and
     terminate its employee stock purchase plan effective prior to the
     closing;

   
o
iVillage will provide employees of Women.com who become employees of
     iVillage after the merger with benefits on terms and conditions
     substantially similar to similarly situated employees of iVillage, and
     recognize prior service with Women.com in determining eligibility to
     participate in the medical and 401(k) benefit plans; and

   o Women.com will provide a representative and assist iVillage in visits to
     and from advertisers.


Conditions to the Merger

   Conditions to Each Party's Obligation to Effect the Merger

   The respective obligations of each party to effect the merger are subject to
the satisfaction of the following conditions at or before the closing date of
the merger:

   
o the approval of the merger agreement and the merger by the required vote
     of both parties' stockholders;

   o all necessary governmental and other third party consents,
     authorizations, orders and approvals having been obtained;

   o the absence of laws, regulations, injunctions or orders which would make
     the merger illegal or materially restrict or prohibit the merger;

   o the receipt of a tax opinion by iVillage and Women.com;

   o the authorization for listing on the Nasdaq National Market of the
     iVillage shares to be issued pursuant to the merger and upon exercise of
     the Women.com stock options; and

   o the registration statement of which this joint proxy statement/prospectus
     is a part shall have been declared effective by the Securities and
     Exchange Commission under the Securities Act of 1933 and no stop order
     suspending the effectiveness of the registration statement shall have
     been issued by the Securities and Exchange Commission and no proceedings
     for that purpose shall have been initiated or threatened.

   
Conditions to Obligations of iVillage and Merger Sub to Effect the Merger

   The obligations of iVillage and merger sub to effect the merger are subject
to the satisfaction of the following additional conditions at or before the
closing date of the merger:

   o the representations and warranties of Women.com in the merger agreement
     shall be true and correct as of the closing (excluding any representation
     and warranty that refers specifically to any date other than the closing
     date);

   o Women.com must have performed in all material respects its covenants and
     agreements contained in the merger agreement required to be performed on
     or before the closing date of the merger;

   o
iVillage shall have received a letter from each affiliate of Women.com
     regarding transfer of iVillage stock after the merger;

   o no injunction, award, decision, judgement, order, ruling, subpoena,
     verdict or decree shall have been issued by any court or other
     governmental entity which restrains or prohibits or results in the
     obtaining of damages or other relief from iVillage or merger sub in
     connection with the merger agreement or this merger;

   o no change, condition or event that results in or would reasonably be
     expected to result in a material adverse effect to Women.com shall have
     occurred;

   o the amended and restated securities purchase agreement and the
     stockholder agreement with Hearst Communications shall be in full force
     and effect;

   o as at March 31, 2001, Women.com had at least $16.0 million in cash and
     $8.0 million of working capital (if the cash amount is at least $16.0
     million but less than $20.0 million, or if the working capital amount is
     at least $8.0 million but less than $12.0 million, the closing condition
     would be satisfied but the exchange ratio would be adjusted and Hearst
     Communications may be required to purchase additional shares of iVillage
     common stock);

   o Women.com's cash on hand immediately prior to the closing shall be equal
     to or greater than the difference between the amount of cash on the final
     statement of working capital as at March 31, 2001 minus the product of
     $166,666 multiplied by the number of days elapsed from March 31, 2001 to
     the date which is one day prior to the date of the closing;

   o Women.com's working capital immediately prior to the closing shall be in
     an amount which is not materially less than the difference between the
     amount of working capital as at March 31, 2001 minus the reduction in
     Women.com's cash on hand since March 31, 2001; and

   o Women.com shall have provided iVillage with a Foreign Investment and Real
     Property Tax Act of 1980 Notifications Letter and a notice in accordance
     with Treasury Regulation Section 1.897-2(h)(2).

   
Conditions to Obligations of Women.com to Effect the Merger

   The obligations of Women.com to effect the merger are subject to the
satisfaction of the following additional conditions at or before the closing
date of the merger:

   o the representations and warranties of iVillage and merger sub under the
     merger agreement shall be true and correct as of the closing (excluding
     any representation and warranty that refers specifically to any other
     date other than the closing);

   o
iVillage must have performed in all material respects its covenants and
     agreements contained in the merger agreement required to be performed on
     or before the closing date of the merger; and

   o no change, condition or event shall have occurred that has resulted in or
     would reasonably be expected to result in a material adverse effect to
     iVillage.

   
For purposes of the merger agreement, "material adverse effect" means:

   o with respect to Women.com, any change, event or effect shall have
     occurred or been threatened that, when taken together with all other
     adverse changes, events or effects that have occurred or been threatened,
     is or is reasonably likely to be materially adverse to the business,
     operations, properties, condition (financial or otherwise), assets or
     liabilities (including contingent liabilities) of Women.com and its
     subsidiaries taken as a whole, or prevent or materially delay the
     performance by Women.com of any of its obligations under the merger
     agreement or the consummation of the merger.
None of the following alone
     constitute a material adverse effect on Women.com:

      o a change in the market price or trading volume of Women.com common
        stock;

      o a loss by Women.com of its suppliers, customers or employees that is
        directly and principally related to iVillage being a party to the
        merger agreement;

      o changes in general economic conditions or changes affecting the
        industry in which iVillage or Women.com operates generally; or

      o an event which would otherwise constitute a material adverse effect
        which is the direct and principal result of an action or omission by
        Women.com which was taken or not taken at the specific instruction of
        iVillage.

   
o with respect to iVillage, any change, event or effect shall have occurred
     or been threatened that, when taken together with all other adverse
     changes, events or effects that have occurred or been threatened, is or
     is reasonably likely to be materially adverse to the business,
     operations, properties, condition (financial or otherwise), assets or
     liabilities (including contingent liabilities) of iVillage and its
     subsidiaries taken as a whole, or prevent or materially delay the
     performance by iVillage of any of its obligations under the merger or the
     consummation of the merger or the other transactions contemplated by the
     merger agreement.
None of the following alone constitute a material
     adverse effect on iVillage:

      
o a change in the market price or trading volume of iVillage common
        stock;

      o a loss by iVillage of its suppliers, customers or employees that is
        directly and principally related to iVillage being a party to the
        merger agreement; or

      o changes in general economic conditions or changes affecting the
        industry in which iVillage or Women.com operates generally.


Termination

   The merger may be terminated and the merger abandoned prior to the effective
time:

   o by mutual written consent of the boards of directors of the parties;

   o by either iVillage, Women.com or merger sub, if a governmental entity has
     taken any action to permanently restrict, enjoin or prohibit any part of
     the merger and that action is final and non-appealable;

   o by iVillage, Women.com or merger sub, if the merger is not consummated on
     or before June 30, 2001;

   o by iVillage, if Women.com withdraws or modifies its recommendation or
     approval of the merger prior to the earlier of April 6, 2001 or the date
     of the Women.com stockholders meeting in response to a superior proposal;

   o by Women.com or iVillage, if the requisite approval of the iVillage
     stockholders or the Women.com stockholders is not obtained;

   o by iVillage or merger sub, if the conditions to their obligations to
     close are not satisfied or waived by iVillage and the merger sub, or
     Women.com materially breaches and fails to cure any of its
     representations, warranties, covenants or other obligations within 30
     days after written notice of breach delivered to Women.com by iVillage;
     and

   o by Women.com, if the conditions to its obligations to close are not
     satisfied or waived by Women.com, or iVillage or merger sub materially
     breaches and fails to cure any of their representations, warranties,
     covenants or other obligations within 30 days after written notice of
     breach delivered to iVillage by Women.com.


Termination Fees

   If iVillage terminates the merger agreement because Women.com withdraws or
modifies its recommendation or approval of the merger, Women.com is obligated
to pay iVillage a termination fee of $1.0 million.

   
If iVillage terminates the merger agreement because the Women.com
stockholders do not approve the transaction, Women.com is obligated to pay
iVillage a termination fee of $1.0 million.
In addition, if Women.com
terminates the merger agreement because the iVillage stockholders do not
approve the merger, iVillage is obligated to pay Women.com a termination fee
of $1.0 million.


Amendment and Waiver

   The parties may amend the merger agreement, by action taken or authorized by
their respective boards of directors, at any time before or after approval of
the matters presented in connection with the merger by the stockholders of the
parties.
However, after any stockholder approval, the parties may not amend
the merger agreement if the law requires further approval by stockholders
unless the parties obtain that further approval.

   
At any time before the effective time of the merger, each party may by
action taken by its board of directors, to the extent legally allowed to:

   o extend the time for the performance of any of the obligations or other
     acts of the other parties;

   o waive any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties made to that
     party in the merger agreement or in any document delivered pursuant to
     the merger agreement; and

   o waive compliance with any of the agreements or conditions of any other
     party or with any conditions to its own obligations contained in the
     merger agreement.

                             
THE VOTING AGREEMENTS

   
The following is a summary of certain provisions of the stockholder voting
agreements.
This summary is qualified by reference to the stockholder voting
agreements, copies of which have been filed as exhibits to the registration
statement of which this joint proxy statement/prospectus forms a part.
The
stockholder voting agreements, and not this document, are the legal documents
that govern the voting of shares subject to those agreements and the other
matters discussed in those agreements.


General

   
In connection with the execution and delivery of the merger agreement:

   o America Online, Inc., National Broadcasting Company, Inc., GE Investments
     Subsidiary, Inc.  and Rho Management Trust I, each holders of iVillage
     common stock, have entered into stockholder voting agreements with
     iVillage; and

   o Hearst Communications, a holder of Women.com common stock, has entered
     into a stockholder voting agreement with iVillage.


Voting of Shares

   The stockholder voting agreements obligate the parties to vote their shares
in favor of the approval and adoption of the merger agreement and each of the
other transactions contemplated in the merger agreement and, except as
otherwise agreed to in writing by iVillage, to vote their shares against:

   o any action or agreement that would result in a breach of iVillage (or
     Women.com in the case of Hearst Communications' voting agreement) under
     the merger agreement;

   o any extraordinary corporate transaction, such as a merger, consolidation
     or other business combination of iVillage (or Women.com in the case of
     Hearst Communications' voting agreement);

   o a sale, lease or transfer of a material amount of assets or a
     reorganization, recapitalization, dissolution or liquidation of iVillage
     (or Women.com in the case of Hearst Communications' voting agreement);

   o any change in the board of directors;

   o any amendment of the certificate of incorporation of iVillage (or
     Women.com in the case of Hearst Communications' voting agreement), except
     that iVillage stockholders may vote their shares at the iVillage special
     stockholder meeting for the amendment to iVillage's certificate of
     incorporation to increase the number of shares of iVillage's authorized
     common stock; or

   o any other action which is intended, or could reasonably be expected, to
     impede, interfere with, delay, postpone, discourage or materially and
     adversely affect the contemplated benefits to iVillage of the merger and
     the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement.

   
As of April 16, 2001, America Online, Inc. is obligated to vote [2,161,075]
shares of iVillage common stock as provided above, representing approximately
[7.3]% of the outstanding shares of iVillage common stock, National
Broadcasting Company, Inc. and GE Investments Subsidiary, Inc. are obligated
to vote [1,838,009] shares of iVillage common stock as provided above,
representing approximately 6.2% of the outstanding shares of iVillage common
stock, and Rho Management Trust I is obligated to vote [1,668,885] shares of
iVillage common stock as provided above, representing approximately [5.6]% of
the outstanding shares of iVillage common stock.

   
As of April 16, 2001, Hearst Communications is obligated to vote

[21,576,447] shares of Women.com common stock as provided above, representing
approximately [46]% of the outstanding shares of Women.com common stock.


Additional Agreements

   
The stockholders have also agreed that they will not, directly or
indirectly:

   o solicit, initiate or encourage (including by way of furnishing
     information) or otherwise take any action to facilitate, a competing
     acquisition proposal relating to iVillage (or Women.com in the case of
     Hearst Communications' voting agreement); or

   o participate in any discussions or negotiations regarding any proposal
     that constitutes, or that may lead to, a competing acquisition proposal.

   
Each stockholder has also agreed not to authorize or permit any of its
officers, directors, employees, agents or representatives to engage in these
activities and to keep iVillage informed of the status and details of any
requests, competing acquisition proposals or inquiries.


Termination

   The obligations to vote shares pursuant to the stockholder voting agreements
terminate on the earlier of the delivery by iVillage to the stockholder of
written notice of iVillage's determination to terminate the stockholder voting
agreement, the termination of the merger agreement in accordance with the
terms thereof and the effective time of the merger.

             AGREEMENTS BETWEEN HEARST COMMUNICATIONS AND iVILLAGE

General

   In addition to the voting agreement described above under "The Voting
Agreements," iVillage and Hearst Communications entered into a securities
purchase agreement dated as of February 5, 2001 and amended and restated as of
February 22, 2001 and, as a condition to the closing of the merger, will enter
into a stockholder agreement and a magazine content license and hosting
agreement.
The following is a summary of certain provisions of the amended and
restated securities purchase agreement, the stockholder agreement and the
magazine content license and hosting agreement.


The Amended and Restated Securities Purchase Agreement

   Overview.
Pursuant to the amended and restated securities purchase
agreement, Hearst Communications will pay to iVillage an aggregate purchase
price of up to $20.0 million for up to 9,324,000 shares of iVillage's common
stock and a warrant (with an exercise price of $0.01 per share) to purchase up
to 2,100,000 shares of iVillage's common stock.
The warrant is exercisable at
any time prior to December 31, 2004, but only if the average closing price of
iVillage common stock exceeds $3.75 for at least fifteen consecutive trading
days.
Under the amended and restated securities purchase agreement, iVillage
agreed to conduct a rights offering upon the terms described in "The Rights
Offering."
Hearst Communications has agreed to reimburse iVillage for expenses
related to the rights offering that exceed $100,000.
The closing of the
transactions contemplated by the amended and restated securities purchase
agreement will occur concurrently with the closing of the merger unless the
closing conditions specified in the amended and restated securities purchase
agreement have not been satisfied or waived (in which case the closing would
occur as soon as practicable after those conditions are satisfied or waived,
unless the amended and restated securities purchase agreement is terminated).

   
The number of shares of iVillage common stock to be purchased by Hearst
Communications, and the aggregate purchase price, under the amended and
restated securities purchase agreement are subject to adjustment as described
below under "-Additional Purchase Obligations" and "The Merger Agreement-
Merger Consideration."
Additionally, the number of shares of iVillage common
stock and warrants to purchase iVillage common stock to be purchased by Hearst
Communications under the amended and restated securities purchase agreement,
and the aggregate purchase price will be reduced on a one-for-one basis by the
number of shares of iVillage common stock and warrants to purchase iVillage
common stock purchased by the other Women.com stockholders in the rights
offering.

   
Representations and Warranties.
Both iVillage and Hearst Communications
make various representations and warranties in the amended and restated
securities purchase agreement.
iVillage makes representations and warranties
relating to, among other things:

   o the organization, good standing and foreign qualification of iVillage and
     its subsidiaries;

   o the authorization, execution, delivery and enforceability of the amended
     and restated securities purchase agreement and related matters;

   o the absence of conflicts with, violations of or defaults under the
     charter or bylaws of iVillage, or any material agreement or applicable
     law, resulting from the execution or delivery of the amended and restated
     securities purchase agreement or the completion of the transactions
     contemplated by the amended and restated securities purchase agreement;

   o governmental or regulatory consents, approvals, authorization for
     execution of the amended and restated securities purchase agreement and
     compliance with laws, ordinances and regulations;

   o iVillage's capital structure and outstanding voting securities;

   o litigation or decrees against iVillage;

   o iVillage's subsidiaries;

   o the documents and reports filed by iVillage with the Securities and
     Exchange Commission, iVillage's financial statements and the accuracy of
     the information contained in these documents;

   o the absence of certain material changes since September 30, 2000;

   o intellectual property matters;

   o brokerage and similar fees; and

   o taxes.

   
Hearst Communications makes representations and warranties relating to,
among other things:

   o the organization and good standing of Hearst Communications, and its
     power and authority to perform its obligations under the amended and
     restated securities purchase agreement;

   o the absence of any violations or contraventions of Hearst Communications'
     charter, bylaws or other organizational documents, or any material
     agreement or applicable law, resulting from the execution or delivery of
     the amended and restated securities purchase agreement or the completion
     of the transactions contemplated by the amended and restated securities
     purchase agreement;

   o governmental or regulatory consents, approvals, authorization for
     execution of the amended and restated securities purchase agreement and
     compliance with the law, ordinances and regulations;

   o Hearst Communications' investment intent and status as an accredited
     investor;

   o brokerage and similar fees;

   o ownership of iVillage securities;

   o Hearst Communications' ability to pay for the securities contemplated by
     the amended and restated securities purchase agreement; and

   o Hearst Communications' reliance on the representations and warranties of
     iVillage contained in the amended and restated securities purchase
     agreement and the information filed by iVillage with the Securities and
     Exchange Commission.

   
Closing Conditions.
The obligation of each party to consummate the
transactions contemplated by the amended and restated securities purchase
agreement are subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the following
conditions:

   o the absence of any pending or threatened injunction or governmental order
     prohibiting the transaction;

   o the receipt of all necessary governmental approvals; and

   o the merger shall have become effective.

   
In addition, Hearst Communications' obligation to consummate the
transactions contemplated by the amended and restated securities purchase
agreement is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the following
conditions:

   o the accuracy on the closing date of iVillage's representations and
     warranties contained in the amended and restated securities purchase
     agreement;

   o the increase in the size of iVillage's board of directors to ten members
     and the appointment of the Hearst Communications' designees to the
     iVillage board of directors;

   o the execution by iVillage of the stockholder agreement, the warrant and
     the magazine content license and hosting agreement;

   o the performance by iVillage of all agreements and conditions required to
     be performed or complied with by it on or prior to the closing of the
     transaction contemplated by the amended and restated securities purchase
     agreement; and

   o the receipt by Hearst Communications from Orrick, Herrington & Sutcliffe
     LLP of an opinion of counsel with respect to the issuance of the
     securities and related matters.

   
Similarly, iVillage's obligation to consummate the transactions contemplated
by the amended and restated securities purchase agreement is subject to the
satisfaction or waiver of the following conditions:

   o the accuracy on the closing date of Hearst Communications'
     representations and warranties contained in the amended and restated
     securities purchase agreement;

   
o the execution by Hearst Communications of the stockholder agreement and
     the magazine content license and hosting agreement;

   o the reimbursement by Hearst Communications of iVillage for all rights
     offering expenses to the extent required by the amended and restated
     securities purchase agreement; and

   o the performance by Hearst Communications of all agreements and conditions
     required to be performed or complied with by it on or prior to the
     closing of the transaction contemplated by the amended and restated
     securities purchase agreement.

   
Covenants.
Under the amended and restated securities purchase agreement,
iVillage and Hearst Communications covenant that they will:

   o use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all necessary approvals and
     authorizations and to make all necessary filings;

   o obtain the other party's approval prior to making any public announcement
     regarding the transactions contemplated by the amended and restated
     securities purchase agreement;

   o execute and deliver additional documents and take further actions as
     necessary to carry out the terms of the amended and restated securities
     purchase agreement; and

   o cooperate with each other to consummate, as promptly as possible, the
     transactions contemplated by the amended and restated securities purchase
     agreement.

   
Termination.
The amended and restated securities purchase agreement may be
terminated if both iVillage and Hearst Communications consent in writing to
termination of the agreement.
In addition, either party may terminate the
agreement if:

   o the transaction does not close by June 30, 2001;

   o the closing conditions set forth in the amended and restated securities
     purchase agreement are not satisfied;

   o there is a governmental order prohibiting the transaction; or

   o the merger agreement is terminated pursuant to its own terms.

   
Indemnification.
iVillage and Hearst Communications will indemnify each
other for breaches by the other party of representations, warranties,
covenants or agreements contained in the amended and restated securities
purchase agreement, the stockholder agreement and the warrant.
iVillage and
Hearst Communications will not indemnify each other for breaches by the other
party of representations, warranties, covenants or agreements contained in the
magazine content license and hosting agreement, which contains its own
indemnification provisions.

   
Additional Purchase Obligations.
The amended and restated securities
purchase agreement provides that if Women.com stockholders holding in excess
of two percent of the number of shares of Women.com common stock outstanding
as of the record date for the Women.com special stockholders meeting exercise
dissenters' rights in connection with the merger, iVillage can require Hearst
Communications to purchase additional shares of iVillage common stock at a
price of $1.875 per share.  
See "The Merger-Rights of Dissenting Women.com
Stockholders" for information regarding Women.com stockholders' dissenters'
rights.  
The number of shares of iVillage common stock that Hearst
Communications would be required to purchase in that event would equal the
number of Women.com dissenting shares in excess of two percent of the
outstanding Women.com shares as of the record date for the Women.com special
stockholders meeting multiplied by the exchange ratio of 0.322 (subject to
adjustment).


Stockholder Agreement

   As a condition to the closing of the merger, iVillage and Hearst
Communications will enter into a stockholder agreement.
The stockholder
agreement sets forth certain obligations, restrictions and limitations
relating to the securities purchased by Hearst Communications pursuant to the
merger agreement and the amended and restated securities purchase agreement.

The stockholder agreement applies to all voting securities of iVillage owned
by Hearst Communications on the date of the agreement and all voting
securities of iVillage subsequently acquired by Hearst Communications.
The
following is a summary of the material terms of the stockholder agreement.

   
Purchase Restrictions.
The stockholder agreement places a cap on the number
of iVillage voting securities that Hearst Communications and its affiliates
may own.
This cap may be exceeded only with (i) the unanimous written consent
of the iVillage board of directors or (ii) the approval of all of the non-
Hearst Communications board designees present at a meeting of the iVillage
board of directors at which a quorum is present.
Under the stockholder
agreement, Hearst Communications and its affiliates will be prohibited from
owning voting securities of iVillage in excess of a specified percentage of
the total number of iVillage voting securities outstanding at any time.
This
specified percentage, which will not be calculated until the closing of the
merger, will be determined by:

   o calculating the total number of outstanding iVillage voting securities
     owned by Hearst Communications or its affiliates on the closing date of
     the merger and the total number of outstanding convertible securities,
     options, warrants or other rights exercisable for or convertible into
     iVillage voting securities, with or without the passage of time or the
     satisfaction of specified conditions, owned by Hearst Communications or
     its affiliates on the closing date of the merger; and

   o dividing the number calculated in the manner described above by the sum
     of the total number of iVillage voting securities outstanding on the
     closing date of the merger and the number of shares of iVillage voting
     securities represented by warrants for iVillage common stock held by
     Hearst Communications or its affiliates on the closing date of the
     merger.

   
Assuming that:

   
o
no Women.com stockholders participate in the rights offering;

   o Hearst Communications is not required to, and does not elect to, purchase
     additional iVillage common stock pursuant to the merger agreement;

   o there are 54,228,025 shares of iVillage common stock outstanding after
     the merger; and

   o Women.com stockholders holding in excess of two percent of the number of
     shares of Women.com common stock outstanding as of the record date for
     the Women.com special stockholders meeting do not exercise dissenters'
     rights in connection with the merger,

the cap would equal 32.6% and Hearst Communications and its affiliates would
be prohibited from owning iVillage voting securities or securities convertible
into or exercisable for iVillage voting securities in excess of 32.6% of the
total number of outstanding iVillage voting securities.

   
Restrictions on Stockholder Activities.
The stockholder agreement provides
that unless Hearst Communications obtains (i) the unanimous written consent of
iVillage's board of directors or (ii) the approval of all of the non-Hearst
Communications board designees present at a meeting of the iVillage board of
directors at which a quorum is present, Hearst Communications may not, as it
relates to iVillage, initiate or engage in proxy solicitations, solicit
stockholders or induce others to do so, initiate stockholder proposals or
tender offers, call stockholders' meetings, act by written consent or place
any voting securities in a voting trust or other voting agreement.

   
Quorum Obligations.
The stockholder agreement requires Hearst
Communications and each of its affiliates to be present in person or
represented by proxy at all iVillage stockholder meetings so that their
iVillage shares may be counted for the purpose of determining a quorum.

   
Voting Obligations.
The stockholder agreement allows Hearst Communications
to vote their iVillage shares as they wish so long as the aggregate amount of
their shares does not exceed 25% of the outstanding iVillage voting securities
as of the date of the calculation.
However, any voting securities held by
Hearst Communications or its affiliates in excess of 25% of the outstanding
voting securities must be voted by Hearst Communications and its affiliates in
the manner recommended to iVillage stockholders by (i) the unanimous written
consent of iVillage's board of directors or (ii) the non-Hearst Communications
board designees present at a meeting of the iVillage board of directors at
which a quorum is present.
This 25% threshold will be increased to the extent
Hearst Communications is required to purchase additional shares of iVillage
common stock as discussed above under "--The Amended and Restated Securities
Purchase Agreement--Additional Purchase Obligations.
"

   Board Representation.
Effective upon the closing, the stockholder agreement
requires iVillage to appoint three representatives of Hearst Communications to
separate classes of the iVillage board of directors.
iVillage must appoint one
of these board members to the nominating committee and one to the compensation
committee.
In addition, the stockholder agreement requires iVillage to appoint
five independent directors to the board.
An independent director is defined as
any person who is not and has not been for the past three years affiliated
with Hearst Communications or its affiliates or an employee of iVillage or any
of its subsidiaries.

   
So long as Hearst Communications or its affiliates holds at least 10% of the
outstanding voting securities of iVillage, Hearst Communications may recommend
and iVillage's nominating committee must recommend to the iVillage board that
number of nominees of Hearst Communications or its affiliates as follows:

   o so long as Hearst Communications holds at least 80% of its initial equity
     investment, Hearst Communications may designate three nominees;

   o so long as Hearst Communications holds at least 66%, but less than 80%,
     of its initial equity investment,  Hearst Communications may designate
     two nominees;

   
o so long as Hearst Communications holds at least 10% of the voting
     securities of iVillage, but less than 66% of its initial equity
     investment, Hearst Communications may designate one nominee.

   
Hearst Communications' initial equity investment is determined as follows:

   o first, determine the number of iVillage voting securities (including
     securities convertible into or exercisable for iVillage voting
     securities) held by Hearst Communications and its affiliates immediately
     following the closing of the merger;

   o second, divide the number calculated in the manner described above by the
     sum of the total number of outstanding iVillage voting securities as of
     the closing date of the merger and the number of voting securities
     issuable upon conversion or exercise of any other iVillage securities
     held by Hearst Communications or its affiliates as of the closing date of
     the merger; and

   o third, multiply the percentage resulting from steps one and two above by
     the sum of the total number of iVillage voting securities outstanding as
     of the date of the determination and the number of shares of iVillage
     common stock issuable upon exercisable of any warrants held by Hearst
     Communications or its affiliates.

         
Hearst Communications currently owns 21,576,447 shares of Women.com.
If
the exchange ratio remains at 0.322, those shares would be converted into
6,947,615 shares of iVillage common stock in connection with the merger.
If no
Women.com stockholders participate in the rights offering and Hearst
Communications makes the entire $20.0 million investment in iVillage pursuant to
the amended and restated securities purchase agreement, Hearst Communications
would acquire an additional 9,324,000 shares of iVillage common stock, which
would increase its total share ownership in iVillage to 16,271,615 shares.

Hearst Communications would also hold the warrant, acquired pursuant to the
amended and securities purchase agreement, which would entitle it to purchase an
additional 2,100,000 shares of iVillage common stock if the exercise conditions
of the warrant are met.

         
Based on the above assumptions, Hearst Communications' initial equity
investment would be determined as follows:

         o first, determine the number of iVillage voting securities held by
Hearst Communications immediately following the closing of the merger.
This
number, which would include the shares issuable upon exercise of the warrant and
the shares purchased under the amended and restated securities purchase
agreement, would equal 18,371,615.

         
o second, divide 18,371,615 by the sum of the total number of
post-merger iVillage voting securities and the number of voting securities
issuable upon exercise of the warrant held by Hearst Communications.
Based on
the number of outstanding shares of iVillage as of February 5, 2001 and the
number of outstanding shares of Women.com common stock as of February 28, 2001,
and assuming an exchange ratio of 0.322 and a $20.0 million investment in
iVillage by Hearst Communications, there would be 66,142,978 shares of iVillage
common stock outstanding immediately following the merger.
The sum of 66,142,978
and 2,100,000 (the number of shares issuable upon exercise of the warrant) is
68,242,978.
To complete the second step of this calculation, we would divide
18,371,615 by 68,242,978, which results in 0.269.

         o third, to calculate Hearst Communications' initial equity investment,
we would multiply 0.269 and 68,242,978, which is 18,357,361.

         
Hearst Communications initial equity stake would be increased to the
extent it is required to, or elects to, purchase additional shares of iVillage
common stock under the merger agreement as a result in a shortfall in
Women.com's cash or working capital or the exercise of dissenters' rights by the
holders of more than two percent of the outstanding Women.com common stock.
For
example, if Hearst Communications purchased the maximum amount as a result of a
cash or working capital shortfall, it would acquire an additional 2,133,333
shares of iVillage common stock, which would increase its initial equity
investment to 20,479,506.

   
If, after the election of directors pursuant to the above requirements, the
number of voting securities held by Hearst Communications decreases below the
stated thresholds, any excess directors must immediately resign.
If the number
of voting securities held by Hearst Communications falls below ten percent
(10%) of the initial equity investment, all Hearst Communications designated
board members must immediately resign and all quorum and voting obligations
cease.
However, if the number of voting securities held by Hearst
Communications returns to 10% or more of the initial equity investment, all
rights and obligations under the agreement revive for the duration of the term
of the agreement.

   
The stockholder agreement also provides that if iVillage issues voting
securities in a single transaction or a series of related transactions and the
number of iVillage voting securities outstanding immediately after that
transaction or series of related transactions:

   o is greater than 20% but less than 40%, then, at the request of iVillage,
     Hearst Communications and its affiliates must cooperate with iVillage and
     take all action reasonably necessary to increase the size of the iVillage
     board of directors to 11 and to fill the vacancy resulting therefrom with
     an independent director; or

   o is equal to or greater than 40%, then, at the request of iVillage, Hearst
     Communications and its affiliates must cooperate with iVillage and take
     all action reasonably necessary to increase the size of the iVillage
     board of directors to 12 and to fill the vacancies resulting therefrom
     with two independent directors.


In either case, the independent directors appointed as a result of the
increased board size must be approved by either the unanimous written consent
of the iVillage board of directors or all members of the iVillage board of
directors at any properly noticed board meeting at which a quorum is present,
including all of the non-Hearst Communications board designees present at the
meeting.

   
Transfer Restrictions.
Except for certain permitted transfers, for so long
as Hearst Communications and its affiliates own voting securities representing
at least 10% of iVillage's outstanding voting securities, Hearst
Communications may not transfer any voting securities of iVillage without (i)
the approval of all of the non-Hearst Communications directors present at a
meeting of the board of directors of iVillage at which a quorum is present or
(ii) the unanimous written consent of the iVillage board of directors.
The
following transfers will be permitted without the approval of the non-Hearst
directors or the unanimous written consent of the iVillage board of directors:

   o a pledge of voting securities pursuant to a bona fide loan transaction
     that creates a mere security interest;

   o a repurchase of voting securities by iVillage;

   o a bona fide gift of voting securities;

   o a sale or transfer of voting securities to a third party that does not
     result in the third party holding more than 10% of iVillage's voting
     securities;

   o a sale or transfer of voting securities pursuant to a tender offer or
     exchange approved by the board of directors;

   o a sale or transfer of voting securities in connection with a merger or
     consolidation approved by the iVillage board of directors; and

   o a sale or transfer in connection with the sale of all or substantially
     all of iVillage's assets approved by the iVillage board of directors.

   
In the case of pledges and gifts, Hearst Communications must notify iVillage
in advance and the transferee must agree to be bound by the stockholder
agreement.
In addition, without obtaining approval from the non-Hearst
Communications members of the board of directors, Hearst Communications may
transfer voting securities to its affiliates provided that the affiliates
agree to be bound by the terms of the stockholder agreement.
In the event that
Hearst Communications ceases to own or control at least 80% of the affiliate
or ceases to control the management or policies of the affiliate, the
affiliate will lose all ownership and voting rights in the voting securities
and will be required to transfer them back to Hearst Communications.

   
Term.
The stockholder agreement expires in five years unless earlier
terminated by mutual written consent of iVillage and Hearst Communications.

Upon any early termination, any Hearst Communications designees serving on the
iVillage board of directors must resign immediately.


Magazine Content License and Hosting Agreement

   Pursuant to the merger, iVillage will assume an amended and restated
magazine content license and hosting agreement, which was originally entered
into between Women.com and Hearst Communications.
Under this agreement, and an
amendment number two to the agreement which iVillage and Hearst Communications
intend

to execute upon the closing of the merger, iVillage will provide production
and hosting services for certain web sites affiliated with selected Hearst
magazines, including Good Housekeeping, Redbook, Cosmopolitan and Country
Living.
These sites will be part of the iVillage network.
The magazine sites
will be on URL's owned by Hearst Communications.

   
Under the agreement, as amended, iVillage agrees to provide to Hearst
Communications website production and hosting services, including the creation
of original site content which will be owned by Hearst Communications.
In
consideration for these services, Hearst Communications agrees to:

   o pay iVillage at least $5.0 million per year for production services
     during the three-year term of the agreement, for a total of at least
     $15.0 million;

   o place at least $2.0 million of Hearst Communications advertising per year
     (total of at least $6.0 million) on the network, which amount may be
     increased in the second and third years of the agreement if Hearst
     Communications fails to pay iVillage the required fees for production
     services as described above.
If a shortfall in production fees occurs in
     the second and third years of the agreement, Hearst Communications must
     place additional advertising in an amount equal to 40% of the production
     fee shortfall; and

   o grant to iVillage a right of first offer on any new internet-based
     development projects initiated by Hearst Communications that are
     appropriate for inclusion on the network.

   
iVillage will not be required to pay any monies under its agreement to
provide Hearst Communications website production, content and hosting
services.
If those services are provided, they will be provided to Hearst
Communications by iVillage's internal production and technology staff in
exchange for the payments described in the agreement.

   
The agreement also provides for revenue sharing between iVillage and Hearst
Communications with respect to advertising revenues obtained by iVillage from
the Hearst magazine websites and other iVillage websites containing
substantial Hearst content.
This revenue sharing arrangement requires that
iVillage pay Hearst Communications a royalty payment based on net advertising
revenues of at least $3.9 million during the three year term of the agreement.

This amount is reducible pro rata if Hearst Communications fails to expend the
$5.0 million in production fees in the second and third years of the
agreement.

   
Exclusivity.
Pursuant to the agreement, iVillage agrees that it will not,
without the prior written consent of Hearst Communications:

   o enter into any agreement to include in iVillage's network of websites any
     sites for magazines that compete with the Hearst magazines listed in the
     agreement;

   o display on the magazine websites any advertising or other promotional
     materials from magazines that compete with the Hearst magazines listed in
     the agreement;

   o display on an iVillage webpage the brands, logos, trademarks or
     proprietary content of both Hearst Communications and a Hearst
     Communications competitor.

   
Under the agreement, Hearst Communications agrees that it will not enter
into, with an iVillage competitor, any internet distribution agreements that
relate to Hearst content covered by the agreement nor will it grant any entity
the right to display on the internet content that has appeared on the magazine
websites in substantially the same form and format as it appeared on the
magazine website (other than materials posted on the website verbatim to the
way they were initially published by Hearst Communications).
However, Hearst
Communications is permitted to license the content or trademarks of its
magazines to any internet site or portal that is not deemed to be an iVillage
competitor, subject only to the  restrictions in the foregoing sentence, and
to use the Hearst content in international editions of its magazine and on the
internet.
The agreement defines an iVillage competitor to include any internet
site, channel, area or online content aggregation service that provides
content primarily for women, is targeted primarily at women, is used primarily
by women and is primarily targeted to any country or region in the world where
iVillage is targeted.

   Warranties.
In the agreement, Hearst Communications warrants that it will
not provide any content to iVillage or publish any content that, and iVillage
warrants that it will not post to the magazine websites any content that:

   o infringes on any third party's proprietary rights or rights to publicity
     or privacy;

   o violates any law, statute, ordinance or regulation;

   o is defamatory, trade libelous, unlawfully threatening or harassing;

   o is obscene or pornographic;

   o violates any laws regarding unfair competition, antidiscrimination or
     false advertising; or

   o to the best of the party's knowledge, contains any viruses or other
     damaging computer problems.

   
Term.
The term of the magazine content license and hosting agreement will
be three years from the effective date of the amendment.
However, the
agreement may be terminated by either party immediately upon written notice if
the other party:

   o becomes the subject of any proceeding relating to insolvency,
     receivership or liquidation;

   o files or has filed against it a petition in bankruptcy that is not
     discharged within 30 days;

   o makes an assignment for the benefit of its creditors; or

   o admits in writing its inability to pay debts as they become due.

   
In addition, either party has the right to terminate the magazine content
license and hosting agreement in the event of a "change of control" of the
other party.
A "change of control" is defined in the magazine content license
and hosting agreement to mean: (i) a sale of all or substantially all of the
assets of iVillage; (ii) a merger or consolidation of iVillage with or into
another corporation or entity with the effect that, immediately after the
merger or consolidation, none of the existing holders of iVillage voting stock
immediately before the  merger or consolidation holds, and the existing
holders of iVillage voting stock immediately before the merger or
consolidation do not hold, in the aggregate, at least 50% of the combined
voting power of the then voting stock of the surviving corporation of the
merger or the corporation or other entity resulting from the consolidation,
(iii) the acquisition of 20% or more of the voting stock of iVillage by an
entity other than Hearst Communications, (iv) the adoption by iVillage of a
plan of complete or partial liquidation or (v) certain bankruptcy events.

                        
INFORMATION CONCERNING iVILLAGE

Business of iVillage

   Overview

   iVillage is a media company that operates iVillage.com, Lamaze Publishing
and the Newborn Channel.
iVillage.com is a leading women's online destination
providing practical solutions and everyday support for women 18 and over.

Lamaze Publishing produces advertising supported educational materials for
expectant and new parents.
The Newborn Channel is a satellite television
network in over 1,000 hospitals nationwide.

   
iVillage.com is organized into communities across multiple topics of high
importance to women and offers interactive services, peer support, content and
online access to experts and tailored shopping opportunities.
The content
areas include Astrology, Babies, Beauty, Books, Computing, Diet & Fitness,
Food, Games, Health, Home & Garden, Lamaze, Money, News & Issues, Parenting,
Pets, Relationships, Shopping and Work.
iVillage facilitates use across
content areas by providing the same look and feel within each area and across
the network, resulting in a consistent and strongly branded Web site.

   
iVillage is recognized as an industry leader in developing innovative
sponsorship and commerce relationships that match the desire of marketers to
reach women with the needs of iVillage.com members for relevant information
and services.
Membership to iVillage.com is free and provides features such as
email, personal homepages, instant messaging and other community tools.

   
iVillage.com's page views have grown to a monthly average of 214 million for
the quarter ended December 31, 2000.

   
iVillage Content Areas

   iVillage.com is organized around content specific areas that focus on issues
of most importance to women and provide interactive services, peer support and
online access to experts and tailored shopping opportunities.
iVillage.com is
updated daily to promote content and community, including highlights.
The
following table provides a brief description of the features of each content
area as of February 15, 2001:


Area                    Description

Astrology               A site providing users with horoscopes, celebrity profiles, romance charts, monthly guidance and the
                        ability to purchase astrology reports.

Babies                  A parenting community center site that caters to women who are trying to conceive, are expecting or are
                        new parents and includes bulletin boards and weekly chats on both AOL and the Web.
Beauty                  A site offering users beauty advice, product reviews and access to hair, makeup and skincare experts.
                        
The beauty channel is operated by a joint venture between a subsidiary of Unilever United States, Inc.
                        ("Unilever") and iVillage.

Books                   A book and reading site for readers interested in a wide range of books that allows users to discuss
                        featured books and offers Monthly Book Picks, Question of the Week, Reading Groups and iVillage.com
                        Bestsellers.

Diet & Fitness          A diet and fitness site which includes Body Calculators, Nutrition Experts and Community Challenges to
                        improve one's fitness level.

Entertainment           An area which includes iVillage Radio, celebrity interviews, jokes, and entertainment-related tools and
                        quizzes.

Food                    A food site providing information on meal planning, nutrition and recipes which includes Food Experts
                        and Cooking Basics.

Games                   A site offering users the ability to participate in a variety of games.

Health                  One of the leading health sites on the Internet, Health assists users in becoming better health care
                        decision makers through bulletin boards and weekly chats on AOL and the Web.

Home & Garden           A home and garden site offering users information and tools on gardening issues.
                        
A financial planning site providing users with information on savings and investment strategies focusing
Money                   on key life stages of women.

News & Issues           A site offering users information on current news.
                        
A parenting site providing users with a branded online community where parents share parenting
Parenting               solutions, talk with experts and find answers and support.
                        
A site that provides information on caring for your pet, selecting a breed and features an automated
                        adoption and veterinarian-finder tool sponsored by the American Humane Association and American Animal
Pets                    Hospital Association.

Pregnancy               An area for expectant parents providing information on fertility and pregnancy, including Lamaze.com.

Relationships           A site offering users information and conversation on love, marriage, sex and family.

Shopping                A one-stop online shopping destination offering users easy access to retail Web sites.
                        
A site providing women who work from home with tools and resources such as Home Office Basics, a Tax
                        Guide and a Software Library.
The site also provides women with tools and resources relating to
Work                    professional development and career-related issues.

   
iVillage believes that user support is critical in order to attract and
retain users.
iVillage provides user support primarily through e-mail-based
correspondence.
Help and feedback buttons are prominently displayed throughout
iVlllage.com, and iVillage.com's user support staff attempts to respond to all
e-mail queries within 24 hours.
In addition, community leaders provide e-mail
support for broad-ranging issues.
iVillage does not charge for these services.

   
Sponsorship and Advertising Revenues

   iVillage has derived a significant amount of its revenues to date from the
sale of sponsorships and advertisements.
For the years ended December 31, 2000
and 1999 sponsorship and advertising revenues represented 92% and 95%,
respectively, of iVillage's revenues.

   
iVillage's strategy is focused in part on generating a majority of its
advertising revenues from sponsors and merchants who seek a cost-effective
means to reach women online.
iVillage is aggressively working to build its
leadership position as the preeminent women's brand to the advertising
community.
iVillage's sponsorship arrangements typically differ from
traditional banner advertising in that they are designed to achieve broad
marketing objectives such as brand promotion, awareness, product introductions
and online research.
Sponsorships allow iVillage to cater to the specific
goals of advertisers in the areas of impressions, product research, market
research, new product launches, list development, product information,
repositioning, new account openings, lead generation and transactions.

Sponsors also have the opportunity to develop a dialogue with their key
consumer prospects through iVillage's message boards, chats, polls and special
events, which allows sponsors the opportunity to gain insights into their
customers.
iVillage's sponsorship arrangements generally have longer terms
than typical banner advertising placements, provide for higher cost per
thousand impressions per advertiser and independence from page-views as the
sole measure of value.
In addition, iVillage occasionally develops extensive
content to support the marketing initiatives of advertisers.
iVillage's
sponsorship agreements can be exclusive.
However, iVillage believes that the
combined company will not have to terminate any advertising or sponsorship
agreement after the merger as a result of these exclusive relationships.

   
iVillage also derives a smaller portion of its sponsorship and advertising
revenues from banner advertisements that are prominently displayed at the top
and bottom of pages throughout iVillage.com.
From each banner advertisement,
viewers can hyperlink directly to the advertiser's own Web site, thus
providing the advertiser the opportunity to directly interact with an
interested customer.

   
During the years ended December 31, 2000 and 1999, iVillage's five largest
advertisers accounted for approximately 23% and 20%, respectively, of its
total revenues.
At December 31, 2000, Ford Motor Media accounted for
approximately 11% of the net accounts receivable, and at December 31, 1999, no
advertiser accounted for more than 10% of the net accounts receivable.

   
Membership

   iVillage believes a large and active membership base is critical to its
success.
Some features of iVillage's Web sites are restricted to members.

Membership is free and available to iVillage.com visitors who disclose their
names, e-mail addresses, zip codes, ages and gender and choose a member name
and password to be used throughout member-only areas.
Members form
iVillage.com's core audience and are its most valuable users.
E-mail, instant
messaging, community challenges, message boards and chats are examples of
members-only benefits.

   
iVillage recognizes the importance of maintaining the confidentiality of
member information and has a privacy policy to protect this information.
In
addition, iVillage Health is a founding member of the Health Internet Ethics,
or Hi-Ethics, organization.
iVillage's current privacy policy is accessible
through a link from the iVillage.com home page as well as every Web page on
iVillage.com, including the page where a person initially registers for
membership.
iVillage's current policy is to never sell or disclose to any
third party any member's personal identifying information such as his or her
name or address, unless the member has provided consent in the form of an
"opt-in" or in certain limited situations as described in iVillage's privacy
policy.
For example, in some situations, iVillage does allow a third-party
partner access to database information if it is necessary for the delivery of
a member service, such as e-mail.
In these instances, the partner has
generally agreed to be bound by iVillage's current policy.
iVillage does share
aggregated member information with third parties, such as average age or
geographic dispersion.
iVillage also reserves the right to offer members
products and services.
iVillage may use information revealed by members and
information built from user behavior to target advertising, content and e-
mail.
For instance, iVillage may, on behalf of an advertiser, send e-mail
offers to all members from a particular region or target advertisements to all
users who frequent a specific area of the site.

   
Lamaze Publishing and the Newborn Channel

   Lamaze Publishing is used to solidify iVillage's leading position in the
parenting category.
Lamaze Publishing produces advertising-supported
educational materials for expectant and new parents and is the exclusive
licensee of the LAMAZE mark for use in connection with consumer publications
and other communications, which include print, audio, visual and other
consumer oriented media, that are commercial in nature.
Lamaze Publishing is
also the exclusive marketing agent for Lamaze International, Inc., the owner
of the LAMAZE family of marks.
iVillage also operates the Lamaze.com Web site.

   
Lamaze is a method of childbirth preparation based on the Lamaze philosophy
of birth.
The Lamaze philosophy of birth states that birth is "normal, natural
and healthy," and "childbirth education empowers women to make informed
choices in healthcare, to assume responsibility for their health and trust
their inner wisdom".

   
Lamaze International was founded by interested parents, childbirth educators
and healthcare providers in 1960 to promulgate these ideas.
Lamaze Publishing
was established as a for-profit company in 1990 to provide childbirth and
infant care educational materials.

   
During a pregnancy and immediately after the birth of a child, new parents
spend substantial amounts of time with childbirth educators and maternity
nurses seeking information on healthcare issues, the birth process and infant
care.
These busy healthcare professionals typically have neither the time nor
the resources to create the consumer publications or communications that would
assist this process and allow parents to absorb this material at home.

   
The Lamaze Publishing business strategy is to provide these consumer
publications or communications to childbirth educators and maternity nurses
free of charge, and offset the expense incurred by selling print advertising
and commercial messages to advertisers who target the young family market.

   
Lamaze Publishing publications, used and distributed to parents by
childbirth educators and maternity nurses nationwide, include:

   o Lamaze Parents, a prenatal publication used in childbirth education.
     
Topics include prenatal nutrition, the role of the childbirth partner,
     and the physical and emotional challenges of pregnancy.
Childbirth
     educators distribute Lamaze Parents to expectant parents on the first
     night of class.
Lamaze Parents had an average annual circulation of
     approximately 2,400,000 for 2000.

   
o Lamaze Baby, a parenting guide for mothers from the time a child is born
     through twelve months of life written entirely by healthcare
     professionals.
Lamaze Baby is delivered by maternity nurses to new
     mothers at the hospital bedside shortly after childbirth.
The magazine
     covers topics that hospital nurses review with new mothers prior to
     discharge serving as a helpful and time saving tool for nurses in
     educating mothers about infant care.
Lamaze Baby had an average annual
     circulation of approximately 3,000,000 for 2000.

   
o Revista Lamaze para Padres, a Spanish language prenatal magazine which
     reaches more expectant Hispanic mothers than any other title.
Childbirth
     educators distribute Revista Lamaze para Padres to expectant parents on
     the first night of class.
Revista Lamaze para Padres had an average
     annual circulation of approximately 550,000 for 2000.

   
o "Lamaze You and Your Baby," a 90 minute video textbook providing
     expectant parents with important instruction on infant care.
Childbirth
     educators distribute to expectant parents the video, which is later
     returned.
This video is distributed yearly to childbirth educators,
     typically during the first four months of the year.
In 2000,
     approximately 13,000 childbirth educators ordered approximately 200,000
     copies of this video from Lamaze Publishing.

   
o "Lo Mejor para Su Bebe," a 60 minute Spanish-language video textbook that
     provides expectant parents with important instruction on infant care.
     
This video is modeled after "Lamaze You and Your Baby".
The video is
     distributed yearly to childbirth educators, typically during the first
     four months of the year.
In 2000, approximately 5,000 childbirth
     educators ordered approximately 50,000 copies of this video from Lamaze
     Publishing.

   
o Lamaze Special Delivery, a program offering advertisers the ability to
     distribute coupons, samples and promotional literature to expectant and
     new parents.
Information to be distributed is polybagged with Lamaze
     Parents, Lamaze Baby and Revista Lamaze para Padres.

   
Through iVillage Integrated Properties, iVillage also owns the Newborn
Channel, a satellite television network that instructs mothers in their
hospital rooms following birth in over 1,000 hospitals nationwide and, as of
December 31, 2000, reached approximately 2,400,000 new mothers.

   
Astrology.com

   Astrology.com is a leading destination for women seeking daily horoscopes,
astrology content and personalized forecasts online.
Through iVillage's
network of sites organized by topics of interest to women such as family,
love, money and career, Astrology.com provides a timely, personalized
experience for the user, stimulates commerce sales of monthly and annual
forecasts by subject and creates an advertising environment that is appealing
to advertisers due to targeting possibilities within the site and through e-
mail communication.

   
Astrology.com brings iVillage a content and commerce site that is appealing
to iVillage's core demographic of women and a vehicle to drive repeat visits
to iVillage.com through the use of daily horoscopes.
Astrology.com accounts
for a substantial portion of iVillage's traffic.
iVillage attempts to leverage
the popularity of Astrology.com by using internal promotion and links to
attract Astrology.com users to other areas of iVillage's web site, resulting
in higher average page views and time spent per visit.
Astrology.com has also
created an interactive commerce system that provides instantaneous, digital
astrology reports.
The system consists of software which operates the Web site
and is capable of generating customized astrology reports based on input from
users.

   
Alliances

   iVillage pursues strategic relationships to increase its access to online
customers, build brand recognition and expand its online presence.

Historically, iVillage has pursued strategic alliances to reach online and
offline customers.
iVillage's principal strategic alliances and relationships
include the following:

      Media Arrangement

   In November 1998, iVillage entered into an advertising and promotional
agreement with NBC pursuant to which NBC promotes iVillage.com on television,
primarily during prime-time programs, as well as through its Web sites.
In
February 2001, iVillage further amended its November 1998 agreement with NBC
to provide for an extension of time during which iVillage must purchase its
advertising or promotional spots on the NBC network.
The revised terms require
iVillage to purchase approximately $11.6 million of advertising or promotional
spots between January 30, 2001 and December 31, 2002, with $3.0 million of
advertising or promotional spots being telecast during the year 2001 and
approximately $8.6 million during the year 2002.

      
Sponsorship Arrangements

   iVillage has a number of sponsorship arrangements with leading advertisers
and sponsors, including:

   o Fuji Photo Film USA - exclusive sponsorship for the photographic film,
     disposable camera and digital camera categories throughout iVillage's
     network.

   
o Glaxo Wellcome - exclusive sponsorship for resource centers for smoking
     cessation, migraine, and asthma that include interactive assessment
     tools, disease-specific newsletters, and enhanced community support.

   
o Johnson & Johnson - exclusive sponsor of certain birth control, anti-
     fungal and other pharmaceutical products as well as sponsor of skin care
     resource centers.

   
o Kimberly-Clark - exclusive sponsor on certain parenting areas of diapers,
     wipes, training pants and similar products.

   
o Unilever - promotion of various Unilever brands in several consumer
     product categories.

      
Distribution Arrangements

   iVillage considers branding an important aspect of its distribution
arrangements and seeks distribution relationships where its brand is promoted.

iVillage periodically enters into distribution and content relationships with
major online service companies on the Internet.
For example, some of
iVillage's icons are placed within the AOL service and iVillage receives
guaranteed impressions.

      
Joint Venture and International License Arrangements

   iVillage  has entered into the following joint venture and international
license arrangements:

   o Cooperative Beauty Ventures, LLC -- iVillage and Unilever have formed,
     through a joint venture arrangement, an independently managed company,
     Cooperative Beauty Ventures, LLC, to provide women with a focused
     community, an array of interactive, customized online services, beauty
     and personal care products and personalized product recommendations.
     
iVillage presently owns 80.1% of the venture and Unilever owns the
     remaining 19.9%.
iVillage, over the twenty-year term of the venture, is
     obligated to fund the ongoing business and operations of the venture,
     subject to a maximum funding obligation of $7.0 million.
Under certain
     circumstances, Unilever can exercise a "put" option to require iVillage
     to purchase Unilever's remaining ownership interest in the venture for
     fair market value and iVillage, under certain circumstances, can exercise
     a "call" option to require Unilever to sell its remaining interest in the
     venture to iVillage for fair market value.
Also, under certain
     circumstances, Unilever can exercise a "call" option to purchase a
     portion of iVillage's membership interest in the venture for fair market
     value, up to a limit of 50% of the ownership of the venture.
During the
     year ended 2000, iVillage recognized losses from the joint venture of
     approximately $0.4 million.

   
o iVillage UK Limited - In July 2000, iVillage, through a foreign
     subsidiary, entered into a business arrangement with Tesco PLC, a leading
     U.K. supermarket chain, to form iVillage UK Limited, a U.K. company.
     
iVillage, through its foreign subsidiary, holds approximately a 50%
     interest in iVillage UK Limited.
Through a newly-developed women's
     website (located at www.ivillage.co.uk), iVillage UK Limited serves the
     womens' online market in the United Kingdom and the Republic of Ireland
     through a focused community and an array of interactive, customized
     online solutions and services.
iVillage,

     through its foreign subsidiary, will provide marketing, branding, an
     immaterial amount of cash, intellectual property, and other resources
     through online and offline activities in support of iVillage UK Limited
     and the U.K. and Ireland websites.
Tesco will provide $18 million in cash
     over the three-year period following the establishment of the
     relationship, and online and offline promotional considerations.
The
     iVillage.co.uk Web site also will promote Tesco's retail business.
     
Revenue will be derived primarily from advertising and sponsorship.

   
o Hindustan Lever Limited - In December 2000, iVillage and Hindustan Lever
     Limited, a Unilever subsidiary, entered into a licensing and technology
     agreement to create a web  site targeting women in India.
iVillage,
     through a foreign subsidiary, is licensing technology, brands and other
     intellectual property to Hindustan Lever Limited as part of the
     transaction.
Pursuant to the licensing agreement, Hindustan Lever Limited
     will pay an initial set-up fee of $500,000 and iVillage will receive an
     annual royalty on revenue generated.
The royalty will be the greater of
     7% of revenues or $500,000.
The agreement is subject to necessary
     regulatory approvals in India.
The government of India has approved the
     agreement except for the minimum annual royalty payment of $500,000.
     
iVillage is currently in discussions with Hindustan Lever Limited
     regarding this exception.
The Web site in India will operate under
     Hindustan Lever Limited's direction.
Hindustan Lever Limited will also
     provide all capital investments required in maintaining the Web site
     including technology, staffing and marketing support.
The site is expected
     to launch in the second half of 2001.

   
Sales, Marketing and Public Relations

      Sales

   As of December 31, 2000, iVillage had a direct sales organization consisting
of 20 sales professionals and 25 sales operations staff.
iVillage's sales
organization consults regularly with advertisers and agencies on design and
placement of its Web-based advertising and the production and management of
co-branded Web sites which provide information about advertisers and/or their
products and services, provides customers with advertising management analysis
and focuses on providing a high level of customer satisfaction.
Nine
professionals concentrate primarily on advertising sales for the Newborn
Channel, video products, and print advertising sales.
iVillage generally seeks
to hire individuals with significant experience in selling advertising and
pre-existing relationships with advertisers in a variety of media.

      
Marketing and Public Relations

   iVillage employs a variety of methods to promote the iVillage.com brand and
to attract traffic and new members, including advertising on other Internet
sites, targeted publications, radio stations, national television, cross
promotional arrangements to secure advertising and other promotional
considerations.
To extend the iVillage.com brand, iVillage has also entered
into several strategic alliances with offline partners.
Please see
"Alliances".
In addition, iVillage leverages other audience building
strategies, including working closely with search engine submissions, news
group postings and cross-promotion to properly index materials.
iVillage's
marketing department consisted of 30 marketing professionals as of December
31, 2000.

   
iVillage's internal public relations staff oversees a comprehensive public
relations program which iVillage believes is a key component of its marketing
and brand recognition strategy.
Organized into two primary components that
promote iVillage and the iVillage.com brand, the program targets a trade/
business and consumer audience, respectively.
iVillage has also implemented
national long-lead consumer initiatives, such as radio media tours, regional
broadcast media tours, consumer publicity of its Parent Soup book series and
other related activities, and multiple daily media advisories sent to consumer
outlets throughout the United States.

   
To maximize distribution of iVillage's publications and the Newborn Channel,
and gain the endorsement of the professional community for these products,
iVillage gives particular attention to marketing efforts targeted to
childbirth educators, maternity nurses and hospitals.
A staff of four
marketing professionals contacts hospitals for distribution of the Newborn
Channel and works with the professional community to maintain distribution
levels of iVillage's publications and demonstrate how they can be used as
teaching tools for expectant parents and new mothers.
iVillage's
representatives maintain contact with the professional community through trade
shows, professional conferences, consumer publication updates and personal
sales calls.

      
Operating Infrastructure

   iVillage's Internet operating infrastructure has been designed and
implemented to support the delivery of millions of page views a day.
Assuming
traffic is evenly distributed in a normal pattern, iVillage believes its
current operating infrastructure can support approximately 13 million page
views per day.
If necessary, iVillage can increase its capacity by adding
additional servers or entering into agreements with third parties under which
iVillage would receive credit for page views on third party sites.
Web pages
are generated and delivered, in response to end-users requests, by any one of
more than 100 servers.
Key attributes of this infrastructure include the
ability to support growth, performance and service availability.

   
iVillage's servers run on the Sun Solaris, Microsoft NT and Linux operating
systems and use Netscape Enterprise, Apache and Microsoft Corporation's IIS
Web server software.

   
iVillage maintains all of its production servers at the New Jersey Data
Center of Exodus Communications, Inc. and Verio, Inc. in San Francisco,
California.
iVillage's operations are dependent upon these companies' ability
to protect their respective systems against damage from fire, hurricanes,
power loss, telecommunications failure, break-ins and other events.

   
Exodus provides comprehensive facilities management services, including
human and technical monitoring of all production servers 24 hours per day,
seven days per week.
The servers located at Verio are monitored by iVillage's
California operations staff.
Exodus and Verio provide the means of
connectivity for iVillage's servers to end-users via the Internet through
multiple connections.
Each facility is powered by multiple uninterruptible
power supplies and backup generators.

   
All of iVillage's production data, except Astrology.com, are copied to
backup tapes each night and stored at a third party, off-site storage
facility.
Astrology.com's production data is backed up on a daily basis to
local storage.
iVillage is in the process of developing a comprehensive
disaster recovery plan to respond to system failures.
iVillage keeps all of
its production servers behind firewalls for security purposes and does not
allow outside access, at the operating systems level, except via special
secure channels.
Strict password management and physical security measures are
followed.
Computer emergency response team alerts are read, and, where
appropriate, recommended action is taken to address security risks and
vulnerabilities.

   
iVillage's Web sites must accommodate a high volume of traffic and deliver
frequently updated information.
Components or features of iVillage's Web sites
have in the past suffered outages or experienced slower response times because
of hardware or software downtime.
This has not had a material effect on
iVillage's business.

   
Broadcasting of the Newborn Channel to hospitals originates from a laser
disc system operated by Group W Network Services, from Group W's facility in
Stamford, Connecticut.
The system provides an uplink signal to a satellite
operated by PanAmSat.
The signal is received through a satellite dish at each
hospital and distributed to patients' rooms.
Group W handles installation and
service of all hospital receiving equipment.
iVillage maintains business
interruption insurance in the event programming is interrupted over the
designated satellite.

   
Competition

   The market for members, visitors and Internet advertising is new and rapidly
evolving, and competition for members, visitors and advertisers is intense and
is expected to increase significantly in the future.
With no substantial
barriers to entry, iVillage expects that competition will continue to
intensify.

   
iVillage believes that the primary competitive factors in creating community
on the Internet are:

   o functionality;

   o brand recognition;

   o member affinity and loyalty;

   o demographic focus;

   o variety of value-added services;

   o ease-of-use;

   o quality of service; and

   o reliability and critical mass.

   
Other companies or sites which are primarily focused on targeting women
online include Oxygen.com and condenet.com, as well as Web sites targeted to
categories such as health.
iVillage will likely also face competition in the
future from:

   o developers of Web directories;

   o search engine providers;

   o shareware archives;

   o content sites;

   o commercial online services;

   o sites maintained by Internet service providers; and

   o other entities that attempt to or establish communities on the Internet
     by developing their own or purchasing one of iVillage's competitors.

   
In addition, iVillage could face competition in the future from traditional
media companies, a number of which, including CBS and NBC, have made
significant acquisitions of or investments in Internet companies.
Further,
there can be no assurance that iVillage's competitors and potential
competitors will not develop communities that are equal or superior to ours or
that achieve greater market acceptance than iVillage's community.

   
iVillage also competes with traditional forms of media, such as newspapers,
magazines, radio and television, for advertisers and advertising revenues.

iVillage believes that the principal competitive factors in attracting
advertisers are:

   o the amount of traffic on iVillage's Web sites;

   o brand recognition;

   o the demographics of iVillage's members and visitors;

   o
iVillage's ability to offer targeted audiences; and

   o the overall cost-effectiveness of the advertising medium offered by us.

   
iVillage believes that the number of Internet companies relying on Web-based
advertising revenues may increase in the future.
Accordingly, iVillage may
face increased competition, which could in turn have a material adverse effect
on its business, results of operations and financial condition.

   
Many of iVillage's current and potential competitors, including developers
of Web directories and search engines and traditional media companies, have:

   o longer operating histories;

   o significantly greater financial, technical and marketing resources;

   o greater name recognition; and

   o larger existing customer bases.

   
These competitors are able to undertake more extensive marketing campaigns
for their brands and services, adopt more aggressive advertising pricing
policies and make more attractive offers to potential employees, distribution
partners, commerce companies, advertisers and third-party content providers.

There can be no assurance that Internet content providers and Internet service
providers, including developers of Web directories, search engines, sites that
offer professional editorial content and commercial online services, will not
be perceived by advertisers as having more desirable Web sites for placement
of advertisements.
In addition, many of iVillage's current advertising
customers and strategic partners also have established collaborative
relationships with certain of iVillage's competitors or potential competitors,
and other high-traffic Web sites.
Accordingly, there can be no assurance that:

   o iVillage will be able to grow its membership, traffic levels and
     advertiser customer-base at historical levels;

   o
iVillage will be able to retain its current members, traffic levels or
     advertiser customers;

   o competitors will not experience greater growth in traffic as a result of
     these relationships which could have the effect of making their Web sites
     more attractive to advertisers; or

   o
iVillage's strategic partners will not sever or will elect not to renew
     their agreements with us.

   
Several major publishing companies produce products that are directly
competitive with iVillage's magazines.
Time Warner, Gruner and Jahr and
Primedia all publish various pre- and post-natal publications.
Disney
Publishing and Children's Television Workshop also publish general parenting
magazines.
All of these publishers have substantially greater marketing,
research and financial resources than us.
iVillage competes by emphasizing the
highly targeted nature of its audience, product quality and the fact that its
publications are used as teaching tools by professionals, and the credibility
and trust parents place in the Lamaze brand name.

   
While iVillage's Lamaze Publishing instructional videos and the Newborn
Channel currently have no direct competitors, advertisers in this marketplace
are heavy users of daytime network television and cable television networks
targeted to young parents.
The broadcasting companies that provide these
opportunities have invested substantial amounts in programming, sales and
marketing and are much better-known to advertisers than Lamaze Publishing and
the Newborn Channel.
To compete, Lamaze Publishing and the Newborn Channel
must convince them that advertising recall and effectiveness obtained in an
educational or hospital setting is superior to that of traditional
broadcasting.

   
There can be no assurance that iVillage will be able to compete successfully
against its current or future competitors or that competitive pressures faced
by us will not have a material adverse effect on its business, results of
operations and financial condition.

   
Intellectual Property, Proprietary Rights and Domain Names

   iVillage regards its copyrights, service marks, trademarks, trade names,
trade dress, trade secrets, proprietary technology and similar intellectual
property as critical to its success, and rely on trademark and copyright law,
trade secret protection and confidentiality and/or license agreements with its
employees, customers, independent contractors, partners and others to protect
iVillage's proprietary rights.
iVillage pursues the registration of its
trademarks and service marks in the United States, and has applied for and
obtained registration in the United States for certain of iVillage's
trademarks and service marks, including "iVillage".
Effective trademark,
service mark, copyright and trade secret protection may not be available in
every country in which iVillage's products and services are made available
online.

   
iVillage has licensed in the past, and expects that it may license in the
future, certain of iVillage's proprietary rights, such as trademarks or
copyrighted material, to third parties.
While iVillage attempts to ensure that
the quality of its brand is maintained by these licensees, there can be no
assurance that the licensees will not take actions that might materially
adversely affect the value of its proprietary rights or reputation, which
could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and
results of operations.
There can be no assurance that the steps taken by
iVillage to protect its proprietary rights will be adequate or that third
parties will not infringe or misappropriate its copyrights, trademarks, trade
dress and similar proprietary rights.
In addition, there can be no assurance
that other parties will not assert claims of infringement of intellectual
property or alter proprietary rights against iVillage.

   
iVillage has been subject to claims and expects to be subject to legal
proceedings and claims from time to time in the ordinary course of its
business, including claims of alleged infringement of patents, trademarks and
other intellectual property rights of third parties by iVillage and its
licensees.
These claims, even if not meritorious, could result in the
expenditure of significant financial and managerial resources.
Further, if
these claims are successful, iVillage may be required to change its
trademarks, alter its content, alter its site format and pay financial
damages.
There can be no assurance that these changes of trademarks,
alteration of content or format or payment of financial damages will not
adversely affect its business, results of operations and financial condition.

   
iVillage may be required to obtain licenses from others to refine, develop,
market and deliver new services.
There can be no assurance that iVillage will
be able to obtain any license on commercially reasonable terms or at all or
that rights granted pursuant to any licenses will be valid and enforceable.

   
Employees

   As of February 20, 2001, iVillage employed 309 full-time employees, of whom
96 were in sales and marketing, 85 were in editorial and community, 53 were in
administration and customer service, and 75 were in technology, operations and
support.
As iVillage continues to grow and introduce more products, iVillage
may need to hire more personnel, particularly in the areas of product
development and sponsorship.
None of iVillage's current employees are
represented by a labor union or is the subject of a collective bargaining
agreement.
iVillage believes that relations with its employees are good.

   
Properties

   iVillage is headquartered in New York, New York.
In March 2000, iVillage
entered into a fifteen-year lease for approximately 105,000 square feet at
500-512 Seventh Avenue in which iVillage has consolidated its New York City
operations.

   
iVillage also leases two floors at 149 Fifth Avenue, which are each for
approximately 10,000 square feet.
The lease expires on June 30, 2001 and
iVillage is exploring the possibility of subleasing this space.

   
iVillage also leases a sales office that is located at 645 North Michigan
Avenue, Chicago, Illinois.
The lease is on a month-to-month basis.

   
iVillage's subsidiary, IVN, Inc., formerly known as iBaby, Inc., is
currently leasing approximately 74,000 rentable square feet at a facility
located at 6910 Carroll Road in San Diego, California for use as general
office, administrative, storage, warehousing and distribution which expires in
November 2001.
iVillage is exploring the possibility of subleasing this space.

   
Lamaze Publishing subleases approximately 10,300 square feet of space at 9
Old Kings Highway, Darien, Connecticut.
The sublease expires on June 30, 2005.

   
Astrology.com leases approximately 7,400 square feet of space in San
Francisco, California.
The lease expires in November 2002.

   
Legal Matters

   On May 24, 2000, a complaint was filed in the Supreme Court of the State of
New York in New York County by Insignia/ESG, Inc. f/k/a Insignia/Edward S.
Gordon, Inc., a real estate broker, against iVillage.
The complaint alleges a
breach of the provisions of a written agreement between Insignia and iVillage
related to iVillage's failure to pay Insignia a broker's commission in
connection with its lease of office space at 500-512 Seventh Avenue in New
York City.
In addition to unspecified damages, the complaint seeks an award of
$2.0 million plus interest thereon.
On July 10, 2000, iVillage filed an answer
and counterclaim to Insignia's complaint alleging intentional, malicious,
wrongful and tortious interference by Insignia with iVillage's prospective
contractual relationship with the owner of another New York office building.

In addition to unspecified damages, iVillage's counterclaim seeks an award of
$7.0 million in compensatory damages and $1.0 million in punitive damages as
well as interest thereon from Insignia.

   
iVillage believes that the lawsuit and claims asserted against it by
Insignia are without merit and intends to vigorously defend against these
claims.

   
On July 22, 1998, Jewish Family and Children's Services filed a Notice of
Opposition in the Trademark Trial and Appeal Board of the U.S. Patent and
Trademark Office to iVillage's service mark application for the mark
"PARENTSPLACE.COM".
On January 22, 1999, iVillage filed an Answer to the
Notice of Opposition, denying that there was any likelihood of confusion
between iVillage's mark and the mark used by Jewish Family and Children's
Services.
In September 2000, iVillage and Jewish Family and Children's
Services entered into a settlement agreement permitting each party to use its
respective mark in a manner that does not infringe on the

other party's primary use of its mark.
The parties also plan to move for
dismissal of the Trademark Trial and Appeal Board proceedings.

   
iVillage is not currently subject to any other material legal proceedings.

iVillage may from time to time become a party to various legal proceedings
arising in the ordinary course of its business.


Selected Consolidated Financial Data of iVillage

   The iVillage selected consolidated financial data should be read in
conjunction with iVillage's "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations" and iVillage's consolidated financial
statements and notes to those statements and other financial information
included elsewhere in this joint proxy statement/prospectus.
iVillage acquired
ParentsPlace.com, Inc. in December 1996, Health ResponseAbility Systems, Inc.
in May 1997, Astrology.
Net in February 1999, OnLine Psych in June 1999, and
Lamaze Publishing and Family Point Inc. in August 1999.
The financial data
reflect the results of operations of these subsidiaries since their dates of
acquisition.
In April 1998 and March 1999, iVillage acquired the majority
interest and remaining minority interest in iBaby, Inc.
In June 2000, iVillage
decided to discontinue the operations of iBaby, Inc. and, as such, all
discussion and analysis below represents solely the continuing operations of
iVillage.

                                                                                            
Year Ended December 31,
                                                                            -------------------------------------------------------
                                                                              2000         1999        1998        1997       1996
                                                                            ---------   
---------    --------    --------   
-------
                                                                                     (in thousands, except per share data)

Consolidated Statement of Operations Data:
Revenues................................................................    $  76,352   $  36,576    $ 12,451    $  6,019   $   732
Operating Expenses:
Editorial, product development and
 technology.............................................................       
35,327      20,652      11,742       7,606     4,521
Sales and marketing.....................................................       
54,098      63,526      28,177       8,771     2,709
General and administrative..............................................       22,634      13,164       9,546       7,841     3,104
Depreciation and amortization...........................................       
37,681      25,720       5,500       2,886       109
Impairment of goodwill..................................................       98,056          --          --          --        --
                                                                            ---------   ---------    --------    --------   -------
 Total operating expenses...............................................      247,796     123,062      54,965      27,104    10,443
                                                                            ---------   ---------    --------    --------   -------
Loss from operations....................................................     (171,444)    (86,486)    (42,514)    (21,085)   (9,711)
Interest income (expense), net..........................................        5,261       4,085         571        (216)       28
Other income, net.......................................................          
595         271          --          --        --
Loss on sale of Web site (1)............................................           --          --        (504)         --        --
Minority interest.......................................................           --          --         587          --        --
Write-down of note receivable and
 investments............................................................      
(13,496)         --          --          --        --
Loss from affiliate.....................................................         (422)         --          --          --        --
                                                                            ---------   ---------    
--------    --------   -------
Net loss from continuing operations.....................................     (179,506)    (82,130)    (41,860)    (21,301)   (9,683)
Preferred stock deemed dividend.........................................           --     (23,612)         --          --        --
                                                                            ---------   
---------    --------    --------   
-------
Net loss attributable to common
 stockholders from continuing
 operations.............................................................    
$(179,506)  $(105,742)   $(41,860)   $(21,301)  $(9,683)
                                                                            =========   =========    ========    ========   =======
Basic and diluted net loss per share
 from continuing operations.............................................    $   (6.05)  $   (5.06)   $ (20.24)   $ (13.65)  $ (8.91)
                                                                            =========   =========    ========    ========   =======
Weighted average shares of
 common stock outstanding used
 in computing basic and diluted
 net loss per share.....................................................       29,683      20,901      2,068      1,561       1,087
                                                                            =========   =========    ========    ========   =======

- ---------------
(1) Please see note 6 to iVillage's consolidated financial statements.

                                                                  
Year Ended December 31,
                                                     
--------------------------------------------------
                                                      2000        1999       1998       1997      1996
                                                    --------    --------    -------   -------    
------
                                                                       (in thousands)

Consolidated Balance Sheet Data:
Cash and cash equivalents .......................   $ 48,963    $106,010    $30,825   $ 4,335    $2,102
Working capital .................................     
40,252      90,752     19,919     1,114     1,006
Total assets  ...................................    132,459     312,748     45,721    16,236     4,997
Long-term liabilities ...........................      4,818          --         --       139        --
Stockholders' equity ............................    101,366     283,850     32,022    10,522     3,259

iVillage's Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations

   The following discussion should be read in conjunction with iVillage's
consolidated financial statements and notes to those statements and the other
financial information appearing elsewhere in this joint proxy statement/
prospectus.

   
Overview

   iVillage is a media company that operates iVillage.com, Lamaze Publishing
and the Newborn Channel.
iVillage.com is a leading women's online destination
providing practical solutions and everyday support for women 18 and over.

Lamaze Publishing produces advertising supported educational materials for
expectant and new parents.
The Newborn Channel is a satellite television
network in over 1,000 hospitals nationwide.

   
In June 2000, iVillage decided to discontinue the operations of its iBaby,
Inc. subsidiary.
As such, all discussion and analysis below represents solely
the continuing operations of iVillage.

   
To date iVillage's revenues have been derived primarily from the sale of
sponsorship and advertising contracts.
Sponsorship revenues are derived
principally from contracts ranging from one to three years.
Sponsorships are
designed to support broad marketing objectives, including brand promotion,
awareness, product introductions and online research.
Sponsorship agreements
typically include the delivery of impressions on iVillage's Web sites and
occasionally the design and development of customized sites that enhance the
promotional objectives of the sponsor.
An impression is the viewing of
promotional material on a Web page, which may include banner advertisements,
links, buttons, or other text or images.
As part of certain sponsorship
agreements, sponsors who also sell products may provide iVillage with a
commission on sales of their products generated through iVillage's Web site.

To date, these amounts have not been significant.

   
Advertising revenues are derived principally from short-term advertising
contracts in which iVillage typically guarantees a minimum number of
impressions or pages to be delivered to users over a specified period of time
for a fixed fee.
Sponsorship and advertising revenues are recognized ratably
in the period in which the advertisement is displayed, provided that iVillage
has no continuing obligations and the collection of the receivable is
reasonably assured, at the lesser of the ratio of impressions delivered over
total guaranteed impressions or the straight-line basis over the term of the
contract.
To the extent that minimum guaranteed impressions are not met,
iVillage defers recognition of the corresponding revenues until the guaranteed
impressions are achieved.

   
Included in sponsorship and advertising revenues are revenues from
advertising placements in Lamaze Publishing's publications, videos and website
and satellite broadcasts on the Newborn Channel.
In addition, revenues are
generated through a sampling and coupon program which offers advertisers the
ability to distribute samples, coupons and promotional literature to new and
expectant mothers.

   
Sponsorship and advertising revenues also include barter revenues, which
represent exchanges by iVillage of advertising space on iVillage's Web sites
for reciprocal advertising space or traffic on other Web sites.
Revenues and
expenses from these barter transactions are recorded based upon the fair value
of the advertisements delivered.
Fair value of advertisements delivered is
based upon iVillage's recent historical practice of receiving cash from
similar advertisers.  
Barter revenues are recognized when the advertisements
are displayed on iVillage.com and its affiliated properties.
Barter expenses
are recognized at the value of advertisements received when iVillage's
advertisements are displayed on the reciprocal Web sites or properties,

which is typically in the same period as when advertisements are displayed on
iVillage.com and its affiliated properties, and are included as part of sales
and marketing expenses.
Revenues from barter transactions were approximately
$3.6 million, $3.3 million and $3.0 million for the years ended December 31,
2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively.
iVillage anticipates that barter revenues
will continue to increase in the future and will remain constant or increase
slightly as a percentage of total revenues depending on iVillage's future
revenue growth.

   
Revenues from the e-commerce portion of Astrology.com consist of the sale of
astrological charts and other related products to visitors to the
Astrology.com Web site.
iVillage recognizes revenues from Astrology.com
product sales, net of any discounts, when products are shipped to customers
and the collection of the receivable is reasonably assured.

   
iVillage received fees from the licensing of portions of its content in
connection with the PlanetRx.com relationship.
These fees are recognized on a
straight-line basis over the life of the contract.

   
iVillage has and will continue to reduce its costs through several expense
reduction initiatives targeted at certain expenses, including, without
limitation, reduced advertising, targeted staff reductions primarily through
attrition, reduced company employee benefit plan costs, as well as other
initiatives.

   
iVillage management expects to be able to significantly reduce expenditures
of the combined company through elimination of overlapping personnel,
facilities, marketing expenses, technology and legal, accounting and
regulatory fees.
iVillage also believes that it generally can leverage its
current operating infrastructure to meet its future operational needs.

   
Results of Operations

   The following table sets forth iVillage's results of operations expressed as
a percentage of total revenues:

                                                                                    Year Ended December
                                                                                            31,
                                                                                    
-------------------
                                                                                    2000   1999    1998
                                                                                    ----   
----    ----

Revenues .......................................................................     100%   100%    100%
Operating expenses:
 Editorial, product development and technology .................................      46     56      94
 Sales and marketing ...........................................................      
71    174     226
 General and administrative ....................................................      30     36      77
 Depreciation and amortization .................................................      49     70      44
 Impairment of goodwill ........................................................     128     --      --
                                                                                    ----   
----    ----
    Total operating expenses ...................................................     324    336     441
                                                                                    ----   ----    
----
Loss from operations ...........................................................    
(225)  (236)   (341)
                                                                                    
====   ====    ====
Net loss from continuing operations ............................................    (235)% (225)%  (336)%
                                                                                    ====   ====    ====

   Comparison of Years Ended December 31, 2000 and December 31, 1999

   Revenues

   Revenues were $76.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2000, which
represents an increase of 109% when compared with 1999.
The increase in
revenues was primarily due to iVillage's ability to generate significantly
higher sponsorship and advertising revenues during 2000 and the benefit of
receiving revenues from Lamaze Publishing and the Newborn Channel for the
entire 2000 period.
Sponsorship, advertising and other revenues were $69.9
million for the year ended December 31, 2000, compared to $35.0 million for
1999.
The increase in sponsorship, advertising and other revenues was
primarily due to an increase in the number of impressions sold, an increase in
the number of sponsors advertising on iVillage's Web sites during 2000, and
from operating Lamaze Publishing and the Newborn Channel for the entire 2000
period.
Sponsorship, advertising and other revenues accounted for
approximately 92% and 95% of total revenues for the years ended December 31,
2000 and 1999, respectively.
Revenues from Lamaze Publishing and the Newborn
Channel accounted for approximately 20% and 10% of sponsorship, advertising and
other revenues for the years ended December 31, 2000 and 1999, respectively.

   
Although no one advertiser accounted for greater than 10% of iVillage's
total revenues for the year ended December 31, 2000, iVillage's five largest
advertisers accounted for 23% of total revenues.
The five largest advertisers
accounted for 20% of total revenues for the year ended December 31, 1999.

   
Included in sponsorship and advertising revenues are barter transactions,
which accounted for approximately 5% of sponsorship and advertising revenues
for the year ended December 31, 2000, compared to 10% for 1999.

   
Included in total revenues are fees received from the licensing of portions
of iVillage's content and fees from chart sales through Astrology.com, which
accounted for approximately 8% of total revenues for the year ended December
31, 2000, compared to 5% for 1999.

   
Operating Expenses

   Editorial, Product Development and Technology.
Editorial, product
development and technology expenses consist primarily of payroll and related
expenses for the editorial, technology, Web site design and production staffs,
the cost of communications, related expenditures necessary to support
iVillage's Web sites, software development, technology and support operations,
and an allocation of facility expenses, which is based on the number of
personnel.
Editorial, product development and technology expenses for the year
ended December 31, 2000 were approximately $35.3 million, or 46% of total
revenues.
Editorial, product development and technology expenses were
approximately $20.7 million, or 56% of total revenues, for 1999.
The increase
was primarily attributable to additional personnel costs of $5.0 million
related to creating and testing new concepts and tools used throughout
iVillage's network of Web sites and the acquisition of Lamaze Publishing in
August 1999 which resulted in an incremental cost of $6.9 million in 2000.

Editorial, product development and technology expenses decreased as a
percentage of total revenues as a result of the growth in revenues for the
year ended December 31, 2000 compared to 1999.

   
Sales and Marketing.
Sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of
costs related to distribution agreements, payroll and related expenses for
sales and marketing personnel, commissions, advertising and other marketing-
related expenses, and an allocation of facility expenses, which is based on
the number of personnel.
Sales and marketing expenses for the year ended
December 31, 2000 were approximately $54.1 million, or 71% of total revenues.

Sales and marketing expenses were approximately $63.5 million, or 174% of
total revenues, for 1999.
The dollar decrease in sales and marketing expenses
in 2000 was primarily attributable to the launch of a national advertising
campaign in the third quarter of 1999 which was substantially completed by
early 2000, coupled with cost reduction initiatives instituted in the second
quarter of 2000 and continued throughout the year, which resulted in a $21.3
million decrease in advertising expenses, offset primarily by an increase in
personnel costs of $4.1 million, incremental costs from the acquisition of
Lamaze Publishing of $2.4 million, allocation of costs associated with
iVillage's office space of $1.7 million and an increase in consultant costs
for corporate communications and sales marketing research of $1.0 million.

Sales and marketing expenses decreased as a percentage of total revenues as a
result of the growth in revenues for the year ended December 31, 2000 compared
to 1999.

   
Included in sales and marketing expenses are barter transactions, which
amounted to approximately 7% of total sales and marketing costs during the
year ended December 31, 2000, compared to 5% of total sales and marketing
costs during 1999.

   
General and Administrative.
General and administrative expenses consist
primarily of payroll and related expenses and related costs for general
corporate overhead, including executive management, finance, allocated
facilities, and legal and other professional fees.
General and administrative
expenses for the year ended December 31, 2000 were $22.6 million, or 30% of
total revenues.
For 1999, general and administrative expenses were $13.2
million, or 36% of total revenues.
The increase in general and administrative
expenses was primarily due to an increase in salaries and benefits of $3.6
million, expenses incurred for international endeavors of $1.2 million,
allocation of costs associated with iVillage's office space of $0.4 million,
and the acquisition of Lamaze Publishing in August 1999 which resulted in an
incremental cost of $1.4 million in 2000.
General and administrative expenses
decreased as a percentage of total revenues as a result of the growth in
revenues for the year ended December 31, 2000 compared to 1999.

   
Depreciation and Amortization.
Depreciation and amortization expenses for
the year ended December 31, 2000 were approximately $37.7 million, or 49% of
total revenues.
For 1999, depreciation and amortization expenses were $25.7
million, or 70% of total revenues.
The dollar increase between 1999 and 2000
was primarily attributable to a full year of amortization expense resulting
from iVillage's acquisitions of Astrology.
Net, OnLine Psychological Services,
Inc., Lamaze Publishing and Family Point Inc. in 1999.
In the third quarter of
2000, iVillage recorded a charge of approximately $98.1 million, or $3.30 per
share, for the impairment of goodwill relating to certain 1999 acquisitions.

The charge of approximately $98.1 million consists of the following: OnLine
Psychological Services, Inc. and Code Stone Technologies, Inc. - $17.7 million,
Lamaze Publishing - $62.0 million, and Family Point Inc. - $18.4 million.
The
remaining goodwill from the acquisitions of Astrology.
Net and Lamaze
Publishing will be fully amortized in February 2002 and August 2009,
respectively.

   
This non-cash charge represents the difference between the historical book
value of the goodwill and the discounted estimated future cash flows expected
from the related operations.
iVillage estimated future cash flows based
upon historical results sales back log and sales targets and detailed expense
projections.
In addition, when developing these future projections iVillage
considers business trends, prospects and market and economic conditions.
These
estimate future cash flows were then discounted at a rate of 20% corresponding
to iVillage's estimated cost of capital.
Considerable management judgment is
necessary to estimate discounted future cash flows.
Accordingly, actual results
could vary from management's estimates.
Yearly amortization of impaired goodwill
was approximately $26.6 million.

   
Interest Income, Net

   Interest income, net includes interest income from iVillage's cash balances.

Interest income, net for the year ended December 31, 2000 was $5.3 million, or
7% of total revenues.
For 1999, interest income, net was $4.1 million, or 11%
of total revenues.
The increase between 1999 and 2000 was due to higher
interest rates in 2000 despite slightly lower average net cash and cash
equivalents balances in 2000 resulting primarily from the cash received from
iVillage's initial public offering of common stock in March 1999, and
secondary offering of common stock in October 1999.

   
Net Loss

   iVillage recorded a net loss of $191.4 million, or $6.45 per share, for the
year ended December 31, 2000.
For 1999, iVillage recorded a net loss of $116.6
million, or $5.58 per share.
The net loss for the year ended December 31, 2000
includes one-time expenses totaling approximately $118.7 million.  
These one-
time expenses consisted of a charge for the impairment of goodwill of
approximately $98.1 million in the third quarter of 2000, the write-down of
marketable and non-marketable investments of approximately $8.4 million ($0.3
million in the fourth quarter of 2000 and $8.1 million in the second quarter
of 2000), whose decline was considered other than temporary, the write-down of
a note receivable of approximately $5.1 million in the third quarter of 2000,
and an estimated loss on the sale of iBaby, Inc. assets of $7.1 million.
The
net loss for the year ended December 31, 1999 includes a deemed dividend of
$23.6 million incurred as a result of the difference between the purchase
price of the series E convertible preferred stock sold to NBC during the first
quarter of 1999, and the fair market value on the date of issuance.

   
Comparison of Years Ended December 31, 1999 and December 31, 1998

   Revenues

   Revenues were $36.6 million for the year ended December 31, 1999, which
represented an increase of 194%, when compared with 1998.
The increase in
revenues was primarily due to iVillage's ability to generate significantly
higher sponsorship and advertising revenues during 1999 and from the
acquisition of Lamaze Publishing in the third quarter of 1999, and
Astrology.com in the first quarter of 1999.
Sponsorship, advertising and other
revenues were $35.0 million for the year ended December 31, 1999, compared to
$12.5 million for 1998.
The increase in sponsorship, advertising and other
revenues was primarily due to an increase in the number of impressions sold
and an increase in the number of sponsors advertising on iVillage's Web sites
during 1999.
Sponsorship, advertising and other revenues accounted for
approximately 95% and 100% of total revenues for the years ended December 31,
1999 and 1998, respectively.

   
Although no one advertiser accounted for greater than 10% of total revenues
for the years ended December 31, 1999 and 1998, iVillage's five largest
advertisers accounted for 20% of total revenues in each period.

   
Included in sponsorship and advertising revenues are barter transactions,
which accounted for approximately 10% of sponsorship and advertising revenues
for the year ended December 31, 1999, compared to 24% for 1998.

   
Operating Expenses

   Editorial, Product Development and Technology.
Editorial, product
development and technology expenses consist primarily of payroll and related
expenses for the editorial, technology, Web site design and production staffs,
the cost of communications, related expenditures necessary to support
iVillage's Web sites, software development, technology and support operations,
and an allocation of facility expenses, which is based on the number of
personnel.
Editorial, product development and technology expenses for the year
ended December 31, 1999 were approximately $20.7 million, or 56% of total
revenues.
Editorial, product development and technology expenses were $11.7
million, or 94% of total revenues, for 1998.
The increase was primarily
attributable to additional personnel costs related to creating and testing new
concepts and tools to be used throughout iVillage's network of Web sites of
$2.0 million and incremental costs from iVillage's 1999 acquisitions of $2.7
million.

   Sales and Marketing.
Sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of
costs related to distribution agreements, payroll and related expenses for
sales and marketing personnel, commissions, advertising and other marketing-
related expenses, and an allocation of facility expenses, which is based on
the number of personnel.
Sales and marketing expenses for the year ended
December 31, 1999 were approximately $63.5 million, or 174% of total revenues.

Sales and marketing expenses were $28.2 million, or 226% of total revenues,
for 1998.
The dollar increase in sales and marketing expenses was primarily
attributable to iVillage's national advertising campaign on the Internet and
television in accordance with iVillage's agreement with NBC.
Sales and
marketing expenses as a percentage of revenues decreased between 1998 and 1999
as a result of the growth in revenues.

   
Included in sales and marketing are barter transactions which amounted to
approximately 5% of sales and marketing costs during the year ended December
31, 1999, compared to 10% of sales and marketing costs during 1998.

   
General and Administrative.
General and administrative expenses consist
primarily of payroll and related expenses and related costs for general
corporate overhead, including executive management, finance, allocated
facilities, and legal and other professional fees.
General and administrative
expenses for the year ended December 31, 1999 were $13.2 million, or 36% of
total revenues.
For 1998, general and administrative expenses were $9.5
million, or 77% of total revenues.
The increase in general and administrative
expenses between 1998 and 1999 was primarily due to an increase in salaries
and benefits of $1.5 million and facilities expenses of $1.5 million resulting
from an increase in the number of personnel hired to support the growth of
iVillage's business.
General and administrative expenses decreased as a
percentage of total revenues as a result of the growth in revenues in the year
ended December 31, 1999 compared to 1998.

   
Depreciation and Amortization.
Depreciation and amortization expenses for
the year ended December 31, 1999 were $25.7 million, or 70% of total revenues.

For 1998, depreciation and amortization expenses were $5.5 million, or 44% of
total revenues.
The dollar increase between 1998 and 1999 was primarily
attributable to increased amortization expense resulting from iVillage's
acquisitions of Astrology.
Net, OnLine Psychological Services, Inc., Lamaze
Publishing and Family Point Inc.

   Interest Income, Net

   Interest income, net includes interest income from iVillage's cash balances
and interest expenses related to iVillage's financing obligations.
Interest
income, net for the year ended December 31, 1999 was $4.1 million, or 11% of
total revenues.
For 1998, interest income, net was $0.6 million, or 5% of
total revenues.
The increase between 1998 and 1999 was primarily due to higher
average net cash and cash equivalents balances resulting primarily from the
cash received from iVillage's initial public offering of common stock in March
1999, and secondary offering of common stock in October 1999.

   
Net Loss

   iVillage recorded a net loss of $116.6 million, or $5.58 per share, for the
year ended December 31, 1999.
The net loss per share for the year ended
December 31, 1999 includes a deemed dividend of $23.6 million incurred as a
result of the difference between the purchase price of the series E
convertible preferred stock sold to NBC during the first quarter of 1999, and
the fair market value on the date of issuance.
For 1998, iVillage recorded a
net loss of $43.7 million.

   
Income Taxes

   As of December 31, 2000, iVillage had approximately $196.0 million of net
operating loss carryforwards for federal tax reporting purposes available to
offset future taxable income.
iVillage's federal net operating loss
carryforwards expire beginning in 2010.
Certain future changes in the share
ownership of iVillage, as defined in the Tax Reform Act of 1986, may restrict
the utilization of carryforwards.
A valuation allowance has been recorded for
the entire deferred tax asset as a result of uncertainties regarding the
realization of the asset due to the lack of iVillage's earnings history.

   
Recent Events

   Cooperative Beauty Ventures, LLC.
On February 15, 2000, iVillage and
Unilever announced the formation of an independently managed company to
provide women within a highly focused community, an array of interactive,
customized online services, beauty and personal care products and personalized
product recommendations.  
Unilever and iVillage plan to provide cash,
intellectual property, marketing and other resources.  
Unilever will provide
capital as well as sponsorship and promotional initiatives.
iVillage will
provide its Beauty channel, capital, intellectual property, services and
promotion.
iVillage's funding obligations shall not exceed in the aggregate
$1.5 million in calendar year 2000 and $2.0 million in calendar year 2001,
however any unused funding for calendar year 2000 or 2001 may be carried over
and used in calendar year 2001 or 2002, respectively.  
As of December 31,
2000, iVillage had not contributed any capital to the joint venture.
During
the year ended 2000, iVillage recognized losses from the joint venture of
approximately $0.4 million.

   
Additionally, in February 2000 iVillage entered into a multi-year
advertising agreement with Unilever for $12.0 million.

   
In March 2001, iVillage purchased 30.1% of Cooperative Beauty Ventures, LLC
(the "venture") from Unilever for $1.5 million increasing its ownership to
80.1%.
The agreement provides that iVillage will fund the ongoing business and
operations of the venture, but not to exceed $7.0 million, and terminates
Unilever's funding obligation.
Under certain circumstances, Unilever can
exercise a "put" option to require iVillage to purchase Unilever's remaining
ownership interest for fair value in the venture and iVillage, under certain
circumstances, can exercise a "call" option to require Unilever to sell its
remaining interest in the venture to iVillage for fair value.
Also, under
certain circumstances, Unilever can exercise a "call" option to purchase a
portion of iVillage's membership interest in the venture for fair value, up to
a limit of 50% of the ownership of the venture.
As a result of the purchase
transaction described above, iVillage gained operational control of the
venture and the venture will be consolidated within iVillage's financial
statements.

   
In addition, iVillage amended its February 2000 advertising agreement with
Unilever.
The amendment increased Unilever's advertising purchase commitment
to $14.5 million.

   Women.com.
On February 5, 2001, iVillage signed a definitive agreement to
acquire all outstanding shares of Women.com Networks, Inc.
The overall
transaction has an approximate aggregate value of $29.5 million.
Under terms
of the merger agreement, iVillage will issue 0.322 shares (subject to
adjustment) of iVillage common stock for each share of Women.com common stock
on the closing date of the acquisition, plus an aggregate amount of cash
currently anticipated to be approximately $250,000.

   
The acquisition is subject to the approval of iVillage's stockholders and
Women.com's stockholders and other customary closing conditions.

   
In addition, Hearst Communications and Women.com's other public stockholders
will have the opportunity to invest an aggregate of $20.0 million in iVillage
in exchange for approximately 9.3 million shares, and warrants to purchase an
additional 2.1 million shares, of iVillage common stock.
The warrants are
exercisable until December 31, 2004 at an exercise price of $0.01, but only if
the average closing market price of iVillage common stock, on any 15
consecutive trading days, has been above $3.75 per share.
To the extent any of
Women.com's other stockholders do not purchase their pro rata percentage of
iVillage shares and warrants in this rights offering, Hearst Communications
has agreed to purchase any shortfall.

   
Hearst Communications has also committed to purchase from iVillage between
$15.0 and $21.0 million of production and advertising services over a three-
year period.

   
A severance and retention plan for up to $5 million is currently being
finalized for Women.com employees in connection with the merger.

   
NBC.
In February 2001, iVillage further amended its November 1998 agreement
with NBC to provide for an extension of time during which iVillage must
purchase its advertising or promotional spots on the NBC network.
The revised
terms require iVillage to purchase approximately $11.6 million of advertising
or promotional spots between January 30, 2001 and December 31, 2002, with $3.0
million of advertising or promotional spots being telecast during the year
2001 and approximately $8.6 million during the year 2002.

   
Related-Party Transaction.
As of April 1, 2001, iVillage and Ms. Carpenter
amended their previous agreement to provide that Ms. Carpenter would resign as
a member of iVillage's board of directors but would remain an iVillage
employee available for special projects at the request of iVillage's Chief
Executive Officer and board of directors through December 31, 2002.
Ms.
Carpenter received a one-time lump sum cash payment of $1,327,900 (less an
overdue interest payment of $27,900 on her promissory note to iVillage) in
lieu of the salary, bonus and other payments set forth in the October
agreement and will receive a monthly salary of $3,433.33 (less set-offs for
future interest payments on her promissory note) through December 31, 2002.

The amendment also provided that Ms. Carpenter would surrender 333,334
iVillage stock options with an exercise price of $24.00 and 75,000 iVillage
stock options with an exercise price of $17.17 to iVillage.

   
Liquidity and Capital Resources

   Until iVillage's initial public offering in March 1999, which raised net
proceeds of $91.4 million, iVillage financed its operations primarily through
the private placement of its convertible preferred stock.
On November 3, 1999,
iVillage consummated a secondary offering of 2.7 million shares of common
stock and received net proceeds of $70.8 million.
As of December 31, 2000,
iVillage had approximately $58.2 million in cash, cash equivalents and
restricted cash.

   
iVillage has sustained net losses and negative cash flows from operations
since its inception.
iVillage's ability to meet its obligations in the
ordinary course of business is dependent upon its ability to achieve
profitable operations and/or raise additional financing through public or
private equity financings, collaborative or other arrangements with corporate
sources, or other sources of financing to fund operations.
However, there is
no assurance that iVillage will achieve profitable operations or that it will
be able to raise adequate financing from other sources.
Management believes
without giving consideration to the effects of the proposed merger with
Women.com that its current funds will be sufficient to enable iVillage to meet
its planned expenditures through at least December 31, 2001.
If anticipated
operating results are not achieved, management has the intent and believes it
has the ability to delay or reduce expenditures so as not to require
additional financial resources, if these resources were not available on terms
acceptable to iVillage.

   
If the proposed merger with Women.com is consummated management believes
that its current funds, along with the investment of $20 million in connection
with the rights offering and management's intent and ability to significantly
reduce expenditures of the combined company, will be sufficient to enable
iVillage to meet its planned expenditures through at least December 31, 2001.

   
Net cash used in operating activities from continuing operations decreased
to $39.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2000, from $48.6 million for
the year ended December 31, 1999.
The overall decrease in net cash used in
operating activities from continuing operations during the year resulted
primarily from a decrease in losses from continuing operations, excluding non-
cash charges, a decrease in deferred revenue, offset by an increase in
restricted cash and other assets and depreciation and amortization expenses.

Non-cash charges include the write-down of a note receivable and investments,
and an impairment of goodwill.
The decreased loss from continuing operations,
excluding non-cash charges, was primarily due to the increase in revenue
coupled with iVillage's expense reduction initiatives.
Net cash used in
operating activities amounted to $31.0 million for the year ended December 31,
1998.
The increase in net cash used from 1998 to 1999 resulted primarily from
increasing net losses and other assets and decreasing accounts payable and
accrued expenses, offset by an increase in deferred revenue and depreciation
and amortization expense.

   
Cash used in investing activities from continuing operations was $17.7
million for the year ended December 31, 2000.
This compares to cash used in
investing activities from continuing operations of $32.9 million and $5.4
million for the years ended December 31, 1999 and 1998, respectively.
The
overall decrease in cash used in investing activities from continuing
operations for the year ended December 31, 1999 to 2000 resulted primarily
from the acquisition of iBaby and Astrology.
Net in the first quarter of 1999,
the acquisitions of OnLine Psychological Services, Inc. and Code Stone
Technologies, Inc. during the second quarter of 1999, and Lamaze Publishing
and Family Point Inc. in the third quarter of 1999, offset by higher fixed
asset purchases in 2000 for the build-out of iVillage's New York City office.

Through December 31, 2000, approximately $9.9 million has been disbursed for
the build-out of iVillage's office space.
Net cash used in investing
activities increased from 1998 to 1999, primarily from the acquisitions of
iBaby, Inc. and Astrology.
Net in the first quarter of 1999, the acquisitions
of OnLine Psychological Services, Inc. and Code Stone Technologies, Inc.
during the second quarter of 1999, and the acquisition of Lamaze Publishing
and Family Point Inc. in August 1999.

   
Net cash provided by financing activities from continuing operations
amounted to $5.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2000, compared to
$166.9 million for the year ended December 31, 1999.
The overall decrease in
net cash provided by financing activities from continuing operations was
primarily due to the receipt of $91.4 million of net proceeds from iVillage's
initial public offering in March 1999 and $70.8 million of net proceeds from
its secondary public offering consummated in November 1999.
Net cash provided
by financing activities from continuing operations was $63.1 million for 1998.

The increase from 1998 to 1999 was primarily due to the receipt of $91.4
million in net proceeds from iVillage's initial public offering in March 1999
and $70.8 million of net proceeds from its secondary public offering
consummated in November 1999, offset by $63.6 million of net proceeds from the
sale of shares of its series D and E convertible preferred stock, and common
stock in 1998.

   
On September 3, 1999, iVillage paid approximately $7.5 million to
PlanetRx.com for 371,103 shares of series D preferred stock of PlanetRx.com,
which was converted into the same number of shares of PlanetRx.com, common
stock upon the closing of PlanetRx.com's initial public offering in October
1999.
At June 30, 2000, the investment in PlanetRx.com was written down
approximately $7.1 million, and at December 31, 2000 the investment was
further written down approximately $0.3 million, to its estimated fair market
value due to a decline in value deemed to be other than temporary.

   
In addition, in September 1999 iVillage entered into a content license
agreement with PlanetRx.com for $7.5 million and a multi-year sponsorship
agreement for $15.0 million.
In June 2000, iVillage's sponsorship agreement
with PlanetRx.com was amended to reduce the aggregate value of the agreement
to approximately $9.3 million, as well as reduce iVillage's obligations
thereunder.
In September 2000, iVillage's sponsorship agreement with
PlanetRx.com was further amended to reduce the aggregate value of the
agreement to approximately $4.0 million, further reduce iVillage's obligations
thereunder, and terminate the agreement as of December 31, 2000.

   
As of September 28, 1999, iVillage entered into a financial advisory
agreement with Allen & Company Incorporated pursuant to which Allen & Company
will act as iVillage's financial advisor with respect to various matters from
time to time.
iVillage paid Allen & Company $0.3 million upon execution of the
agreement.
In February 2000, iVillage executed an amendment to the agreement
that extended its term to September 28, 2000 and set forth additional fees
payable to Allen & Company for up to 12 months after expiration of the
agreement

upon the occurrence of certain events.
Upon consummation of the merger with
Women.com, iVillage will be obligated to pay Allen & Company a fee of up to
$2.0 million in connection with their services.

   
In March 2000, iVillage entered into a fifteen-year lease for approximately
105,000 square feet at 500-512 Seventh Avenue in which iVillage has recently
consolidated its New York City operations.
The financial commitment for rent
at this office space is approximately $4.7 million for the next 12 months.

Pursuant to the terms of the lease, iVillage received approximately $3.8
million in January 2001 and anticipates receiving another approximately $1.5
million for reimbursement of certain construction expenses.
iVillage also
expects to spend an additional approximately $2.1 million to complete the
construction project.

   
In June 2000, iVillage decided to discontinue the operations of iBaby, Inc.
iVillage recorded a loss on disposal of approximately $7.1 million, which
includes a loss on sale of assets of approximately $3.6 million and an
estimated loss from operations during the phase-out period of approximately
$3.4 million.  
Results of these operations have been classified as
discontinued operations and all prior period results have been reclassified.

   
In July 2000, iVillage sold certain assets of iBaby, Inc. to Babygear.com,
Inc.
Under the Asset Purchase Agreement dated July 6, 2000, iVillage received
a convertible promissory note of approximately $9.7 million.
Pursuant to the
terms of the Asset Purchase Agreement, in October 2000 the note was converted
into 890,198 shares of Babygear.com Series C Convertible Preferred Stock.

Subsequent to the conversion of the note, Babygear.com filed for bankruptcy.

   
In calculating the loss on sale of assets, iVillage valued the note at $5.1
million as of June 30, 2000, due to uncertainties surrounding the
recoverability of the convertible note.
At September, 30, 2000, the
convertible note was fully reserved due to uncertainties surrounding
Babygear.com's ability to sustain their operations, and is included in the
caption write-down of note receivable and investments in the consolidated
statements of operations.

   
In December 2000, iVillage entered into an exclusive licensing and
technology agreement with Hindustan Lever Limited to create a Web site
targeting women in India.
As part of the licensing agreement, Hindustan Lever
Limited will pay an initial set-up fee for certain services and domain
knowledge and iVillage will receive an annual royalty on any revenue
generated.
The license agreement is subject to necessary regulatory approvals
in India.

   
iVillage's capital requirements depend on numerous factors, including:

   o market acceptance of its services;

   o the amount of resources iVillage devotes to investments in the
     iVillage.com network, including entering into joint ventures with and/or
     the acquisition of other entities;

   o the resources
iVillage devotes to marketing; and

   o the resources
iVillage devotes to selling its services and brand
     promotions.

   
iVillage has experienced a substantial increase in its expenditures since
its inception.
The increase in expenditures is consistent with the growth in
iVillage's operations and staffing.
iVillage anticipates that it will continue
to evaluate possible investments in businesses and products and technologies,
either of which could reduce iVillage's liquidity.

   
Recent Accounting Pronouncements

   In June 1998, the FASB issued SFAS No. 133, "Accounting for Derivatives and
Hedging Activities", which establishes accounting and reporting standards for
derivative instruments and hedging activities.
The effective date of this
standard was deferred to all fiscal quarters of fiscal years beginning after
June 15, 2000 by SFAS No. 137, "Accounting for Derivative Instruments and
Hedging Activities - Deferral of the Effective Date of FASB Statement No.
133," which was issued on June 30, 1999.
iVillage does not expect the adoption
of this statement to have a significant impact on iVillage's results of
operations, financial position or cash flows.

   
In December 1999, the SEC issued Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 101, "Revenue
Recognition in Financial Statements" ("SAB 101").
This accounting bulletin
summarizes certain of the SEC's views in applying generally

accepted accounting principles to revenue recognition in financial statements.

This accounting bulletin is not a rule or interpretation of the SEC; however,
it represents interpretations and practices followed by the Division of
Corporation Finance and the Office of the Chief Accountant in administering
the disclosure requirements of the Federal securities laws.
iVillage does not
believe that the interpretations outlined in this accounting bulletin will
have an impact on its revenue recognition policies.

   
In March 2000, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued FASB
Interpretation No. 44, "Accounting for Certain Transactions Involving Stock
Compensation an Interpretation of APB 25."
This interpretation became
effective July 1, 2000, but certain conclusions cover specific events that
occur after either December 15, 1998 or January 12, 2000.
The adoption of this
interpretation did not have a material effect on iVillage's financial position
or results of operations.


iVillage's Directors and Executive Officers

   The following table sets forth the directors and executive officers of
iVillage, their ages and the positions held by them with iVillage as of April
1, 2001.


Name                                       Age        Position
- ------------                             ---------    
-------------------------------------

Douglas W. McCormick(b) ............        51        Chief Executive Officer and Director
Nancy Evans(c) .....................        
50        Chairperson of the Board and Editor-in-Chief
Steven A. Elkes ....................        39        Executive Vice President, Operations and Business Affairs
Scott Levine .......................        36        Chief Financial Officer
Nancy R. Alpert ....................        47        Senior Vice President, Corporate Development
John M. Barbera ....................        57        President of Sales and Sales Marketing
John W. Glascott ...................        47        Senior Vice President, Sponsorship
Richard Caccappolo .................        35        Chief Technology Officer and Senior Vice President of Product
                                                      Development
Jane Tollinger .....................        58        Senior Vice President, Operations and
                                                      Business Affairs
John T. Healy(a) ...................        61        Director
Habib Kairouz(c) ...................        34        Director
Lennert J. Leader(a) ...............        45        Director
Daniel Schulman(b) .................        43        Director
Martin Yudkovitz(c) ................        47        Director

- ---------------
(a) Class
I director
(b) Class II director
(c) Class III director

   Douglas W. McCormick, age 51, has been a director of iVillage since February
1999.
From April 2000 through July 2000, he served as President of iVillage
and has been iVillage's Chief Executive Officer since July 2000.
From 1998 to
April 2000, Mr. McCormick was President of McCormick Media, a media consulting
firm.
From 1993 to 1998, Mr. McCormick was President and Chief Executive
Officer of Lifetime Television, a joint venture of The Hearst Corporation and
The Walt Disney Company.
Mr. McCormick held various positions at Lifetime from
1984 to 1994 in the sales, marketing and research areas.
Mr. McCormick also
serves on the boards of directors of Streetmail.com, Zilo.com, and Myers
Consulting Group, and serves on Streetmail.com's Compensation Committee.
Mr.
McCormick received an M.B.A. from the Columbia University School of Business
and a B.A. in speech/communications from the University of Dayton.

   
Nancy Evans, age 50, is a founder of iVillage, has been Editor-in-Chief
since June 1995, Co-Chairperson of the Board from December 1998 through March
2001, and Chairperson of the Board since April 2001.
Prior to founding
iVillage, Ms. Evans created Family Life magazine in 1991, which she published
in partnership with Jann Wenner.
From 1987 to 1991, Ms. Evans served as
President and Publisher of Doubleday.
Prior to her employment at Doubleday,
Ms. Evans was Vice President and Editor-In-Chief of the Book-of-the-Month
Club,

where she launched the Children's Book-of-the-Month Club.
Ms. Evans graduated
from Skidmore College with a B.A. and is also a graduate fellow at Columbia
University.

   
Steven A. Elkes, age 39, has been Executive Vice President-Operations and
Business Affairs since July 2000 and Secretary since October 1999.
From April
1999 to July 2000, Mr. Elkes was Senior Vice President, Business Affairs.
From
August 1996 to April 1999, Mr. Elkes was Vice President, Business Affairs.

From August 1993 to August 1996, Mr. Elkes was Vice President Credit/
Structured Finance at CNA Insurance Company.
From August 1991 to August 1993,
Mr. Elkes served as Assistant Vice President at CNA Insurance Company.
Mr.
Elkes received his M.B.A. from Baruch College and his B.A. from Grinnell
College.

   
Scott Levine, age 36, has been Chief Financial Officer since January 2001.

From September 2000 until January 2001, Mr. Levine was Senior Vice President,
Finance and interim Chief Financial Officer.
From February 1999 to September
2000, Mr. Levine was Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer.

From July 1998 to February 1999, Mr. Levine was Controller for FundTech Ltd.,
a financial software company.
From April 1997 to July 1998, Mr. Levine was the
Controller of AmeriCash, Inc., an operator of a network of automated teller
and electronic commerce machines.
From 1993 to 1997, Mr. Levine was employed
by Coopers & Lybrand L.L.P. Mr. Levine is a Certified Public Accountant and
received his M.B.A. from Baruch College and his B.A. from State University of
New York, Buffalo.

   
Nancy R. Alpert, age 47, has been Senior Vice President, Corporate
Development of iVillage since October 2000.
From 1994 to 2000, Ms. Alpert
served as Senior Vice President, Business and Legal Affairs at Lifetime
Television, a joint venture of The Hearst Corporation and The Walt Disney
Company.
From 1992 to 1994, Ms. Alpert was Deputy General Counsel at Liz
Claiborne, Inc., and from 1987 to 1992, Ms. Alpert served as Vice President
and Deputy General Counsel at Telemundo Group, Inc., a U.S. Spanish-language
broadcast television network.
Ms. Alpert received her J.D. from the UCLA
School of Law and her B.A. from Brandeis University.

   
John M. Barbera, age 57, has been President of Sales and Sales Marketing
since February 2001.
From 1999 to February 2001, Mr. Barbera served as Chief
Operating Officer for 24/7 Media Europe.
From 1994 to 1999, Mr. Barbera ran
his own consulting firm, J.B. Communications.
From 1990 to 1994 Mr. Barbera
was President of Turner Broadcasting Sales for Turner Broadcasting.
Mr.
Barbera held various positions with Turner Broadcasting from 1978 to 1994.
Mr.
Barbera received his B.A. from Allegheny College.

   
John W. Glascott, age 47, has been Senior Vice President, Sponsorship since
April 1998.
From September 1996 to March 1998, Mr. Glascott was Senior Vice
President and Director of Corporate Marketing and Sales for Hearst Magazines.

From August 1994 to September 1996, Mr. Glascott was a publisher and partner
of SmartHealth at Meigher Communications L.P., a magazine publisher.
Prior to
August 1994, Mr. Glascott held various sales management positions at Whittle
Communications L.P., a media company, from 1982 to 1994.
Mr. Glascott received
an M.B.A. from New York University and a B.A. from Ohio Wesleyan University.

   
Richard Caccappolo, age 35, has been Chief Technology Officer and Senior
Vice President of Product Development since September 2000 and served as Chief
Technology Officer of iVillage from March 1999 to September 2000.
From January
1998 to March 1999, Mr. Caccappolo served as the Chief Technology Officer of
Kodak Polychrome Graphics, a supplier of products and services to graphics
arts industries.
From October 1994 to December 1997, Mr. Caccappolo served as
Sun Chemicals' Director, Information Systems - Europe.

   
Jane Tollinger, age 58, has been Senior Vice President, Operations and
Business Affairs since September 2000 and from June 2000 to September 2000
served as Vice President, Business Affairs.
From June 1999 to June 2000, Ms.
Tollinger served on several advisory boards.
From September 1993 through June
1999, Ms. Tollinger served as Executive Vice President of Lifetime Television
Network.
Prior to September 1993, Ms. Tollinger held various management
positions at Lifetime Television Network.
Prior to joining Lifetime Television
Network, Ms. Tollinger was an attorney with Columbia Pictures and previous to
that was an associate with the Coudert Brothers law firm.
Ms. Tollinger
received a J.D. from Columbia Law School, an M.A. from Harvard University and
a B.A. from Beloit College.

   
John T. (Jack) Healy, age 61, has been a director of iVillage since November
2000.
Since February 1996, Mr. Healy has been Principal of the H.A.M. Media
Group, LLC.
Prior to joining The H.A.M. Media Group, LLC, from August 1970 to
July 1996, Mr. Healy held various positions and served most recently as
President, ABC

International Operations and Executive Vice President, ABC Cable &
International at Capital Cities/ABC Inc.
Mr. Healy serves as a director of
Newstar Inc. and StoryFirst Communications.

   
Habib Kairouz, age 34, has been a director of iVillage since March 1998.

Currently, Mr. Kairouz is Managing Director of Rho Management Company, Inc.,
an investment company, and has been with Rho since 1993.
He also serves as a
director at Bellwether Exploration Company, Inc., an oil drilling company, and
a number of other private companies.
Mr. Kairouz received a B.S. in
Engineering and a B.A. in Economics from Cornell University and an M.B.A. in
Finance from Columbia University.

   
Lennert J. Leader, age 45, has been a director of iVillage since July 1998.

Mr. Leader became President of the Venture Group of AOL Time Warner
Investments upon the merger of America Online, Inc. and Time Warner Inc. in
January 2001.
Prior to the merger, Mr. Leader served as President of AOL
Investments, a division of America Online, Inc., beginning in February 1998.

Mr. Leader served as Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and
Treasurer of AOL from September 1989 until July 1998.
Prior to joining AOL,
Mr. Leader was Vice President-Finance of LEGENT Corporation, a computer
software and services company, from March 1989 to September 1989, and Chief
Financial Officer of Morino, Inc., a computer software and services company,
from 1986 to March 1989 and Director of Finance from 1984 to 1986.
Prior to
joining Morino, Inc. in 1984, he was an audit manager at Price Waterhouse.
Mr.
Leader serves as a director of Multex.com, Inc.
Mr. Leader graduated with a
B.S. in Accounting in 1977 from the University of Baltimore.

   
Daniel H. Schulman, age 43, has been a director of iVillage since February
1999.
Since May 2000, Mr. Schulman has been Chief Executive Officer of
Priceline.com Inc. From June 1999 to May 2000, Mr. Schulman was President and
Chief Operating Officer of Priceline.com.
From October 1998 to June 1999, Mr.
Schulman was an Executive Vice President at AT&T Corp. and was President of
AT&T WorldNet Services from January 1997 to October 1998.
From January 1996 to
January 1997, Mr. Schulman was a Vice President of Business Services at AT&T
Corp.
From December 1994 to January 1996, he served as a Marketing Vice
President at AT&T Corp. from June 1993 to December 1994.
Mr. Schulman is
currently a director of Net2Phone, Inc., an internet telephone service
provider and Symantec Corporation, a provider of Internet security software
for business and personal computing.
Mr. Schulman received an M.B.A. from New
York University and a B.S. from Middlebury College.

   
Martin Yudkovitz, age 47, has been a director of iVillage since February
1999.
Since December 1995, Mr. Yudkovitz has been the President and Chief
Executive Officer of NBC Multimedia, Inc., a division of the National
Broadcasting Company, Inc.
In January 1997, Mr. Yudkovitz also became the
Senior Vice President of Business Development, Broadcast Network Applications
for NBC.
From 1994 to 1995, Mr. Yudkovitz was Senior Vice President of NBC
Multimedia.
From 1992 to 1994, he served as Senior Vice President of Strategic
Development at NBC.
His other positions at NBC have included Vice President of
Business Affairs for NBC's 1992 Olympics Unit; First General Counsel and Vice
President for Business Affairs at CNBC; and Senior Counsel to NBC's 1988 Seoul
Olympics Unit in NBC Sports.
Mr. Yudkovitz joined NBC in January 1984 in the
law department.
Mr. Yudkovitz received his J.D. from Columbia University and
his B.A. from Rutgers University.

   
Classified Board of Directors

   iVillage's board of directors is divided into three classes, denominated
Class I, Class II and Class III, the terms of which expire successively over a
three-year period.
Currently, the term of the Class III directors expires in
2001, the term of the Class I directors expires in 2002 and the term of the
Class II directors expires in 2003.

   
Hearst Communications Board Representation

   
As described in the section of this joint proxy/prospectus entitled
"Agreements between Hearst Communications and iVillage - Stockholder
Agreement," effective as of the closing of the merger, iVillage is required to
appoint three Hearst Communications designees to iVillage's board of
directors, one of whom will be appointed to each of iVillage's three classes
of directors.
iVillage is also required to appoint one Hearst Communications
designee to iVillage's compensation committee and one Hearst Communications
designee to iVillage's nominating committee.
Upon the closing of the merger,
one or more of iVillage's current directors will resign and the board of
directors will appoint the three Hearst Communications designees.
The identity
of the Hearst Communications designees has not yet been determined.

   
Director Compensation

   Directors do not currently receive any cash compensation from iVillage for
their service as members of the board of directors, although they are
reimbursed for certain expenses in connection with attendance at board and
Committee meetings.
From time to time, certain directors of iVillage have
received grants of options to purchase shares of iVillage's common stock
pursuant to the 1995 Amended and Restated Employee Stock Option Plan and the
Amended and Restated 1999 Employee Stock Option Plan.
Under iVillage's 1999
Director Option Plan, non-employee directors are eligible to receive non-
discretionary, automatic stock option grants.

   
On January 13, 2000, each non-employee director was granted an option to
purchase 10,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $17.625 under
the Amended and Restated 1999 Employee Stock Option Plan.
On May 17, 2000,
each non-employee director of iVillage was also granted an option to purchase
1,666 shares of iVillage's common stock at an exercise price of $8.3125 per
share pursuant to the 1999 Director Option Plan.

   
Executive Compensation

   The following table sets forth the compensation earned for services rendered
to iVillage in all capacities for the fiscal years ended December 31, 1998,
1999 and 2000 by iVillage's Chief Executive Officer and its four next most
highly compensated executive officers who earned more than $100,000 during the
fiscal years ended December 31, 1998, 1999 and 2000 (collectively, the "Named
Executive Officers").
Candice Carpenter was iVillage's Chief Executive Officer
through July 2000 and Douglas W. McCormick has served in that capacity since
July 2000.

                      
iVillage Summary Compensation Table

                                                                                            Long-Term
                                                                                           Compensation
                                                           Annual Compensation                Awards
                                                   ------------------------------------     Securities
                                                                               Other        Underlying
                                                                              Annual       Options/SARs
Name and Principal Position                Year    Salary($)    Bonus($)   
Compensation       (#)(1)
 
--------------------------------          ----    ---------    
--------   ------------    
------------

Douglas W. McCormick(2)
................   2000     252,780          --         --          1,010,000
 Chief Executive Officer                   1999          --          --         --             35,000
                                           1998          --          --         --                 --
Candice Carpenter(3) ...................   
2000     400,079      90,000         --            100,000
 Former Chief Executive Officer            1999     225,000      90,000         --            333,333
                                           1998     225,000          --         --            153,334
Nancy Evans ............................   2000     325,144      84,000         --            260,000
 Editor-in-Chief                           1999     208,750     134,000         --            116,667
                                           1998     195,000          --         --             76,667
John W. Glascott(4) ....................   2000     231,015     209,580         --             30,000
 Senior Vice President,                    1999     211,279      91,307         --             30,000
 Sponsorship                               1998     155,906      50,000         --             66,667
Steven A. Elkes ........................   2000     242,578     168,790         --            128,333
 Executive Vice President,                 1999     166,500     202,099         --              6,667
 Operations and Business Affairs           1998     158,968      12,150         --             16,667
Scott Levine(5) ........................   2000     171,404     156,693         --             75,000
 Chief Financial Officer                   1999     127,500          --         --             40,000
                                           1998          --          --         --                 --

- ---------------
(1) Options were granted under iVillage's 1995 Amended and Restated Employee
    Stock Option Plan, Amended and Restated 1999 Employee Stock Option
    Plan or Amended and Restated 1999 Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan (as
    amended by Amendment No. 1) and generally vest 1/4 one year after the date
    of employment and the remainder in equal quarterly installments, except (i)
    for those options granted in 2000 to Mr. McCormick

    which vest as described in "Employment Arrangements" below and (ii) 20,000
    options granted in 2000 to Mr. Glascott which vest 1/2 on the second
    anniversary of the date of grant and thereafter in equal quarterly
    installments.


(2) Mr. McCormick joined iVillage in April 2000 as President and was appointed
    Chief Executive Officer in July 2000.


(3) Ms. Carpenter served as iVillage's Chief Executive Officer through July
    2000.


(4) Mr. Glascott joined iVillage in April 1998.


(5) Mr. Levine joined iVillage in February 1999 as Vice President, Controller
    and Chief Accounting Officer.

   
Employment Arrangements

   On October 5, 2000, iVillage and Ms. Carpenter entered into an agreement
pursuant to which Ms. Carpenter agreed to resign as Chief Executive Officer of
iVillage, effective August 1, 2000, and retain her position as Co-Chairperson
of the Board of Directors.
Ms. Carpenter further agreed to represent iVillage
at certain speaking engagements and perform such other duties as are requested
by iVillage's Chief Executive Officer and board of directors and shall receive
compensation equal to $400,000 per year through December 31, 2002.
In addition
to that compensation, Ms. Carpenter is entitled to certain benefits and bonus
compensation, if approved by the Compensation Committee, on a pro rata basis
reflecting Ms. Carpenter's tenure as Chief Executive Officer for the seven (7)
month period ended July 31, 2000.
Ms Carpenter is also entitled to the
continued vesting of her existing stock options through December 31, 2002 and
an extension of the due date to December 31, 2002 on the promissory note
issued by Ms. Carpenter to iVillage dated June 5, 1998.
See "Information
Concerning iVillage--Certain Transactions" for additional information
regarding the agreements between iVillage and Ms. Carpenter.
In consideration
for the payments to her and iVillage's obligations under the agreement, Ms.
Carpenter has entered into a non-compete agreement that survives for six
months after December 31, 2002 and has agreed to release and discharge
iVillage from any and all claims which exist, have existed or may arise out of
or in any way are related to her relationship with, including her employment
with, or departure from iVillage, or the execution of the agreement.

   
As of April 1, 2001, iVillage and Ms. Carpenter amended their previous
agreement to provide that Ms. Carpenter would resign as a member of iVillage's
board of directors but would remain an iVillage employee available for special
projects at the request of iVillage's Chief Executive Officer and board of
directors through December 31, 2002.
Ms. Carpenter received a one-time lump
sum cash payment of $1,327,900 (less an overdue interest payment of $27,900 on
her promissory note to iVillage) in lieu of the salary, bonus and other
payments set forth in the October agreement and will receive a monthly salary
of $3,433.33 (less set-offs for future interest payments on her promissory
note) through December 31, 2002.
The amendment also provided that Ms.
Carpenter would surrender 333,334 iVillage stock options with an exercise
price of $24.00 and 75,000 iVillage stock options with an exercise price of
$17.17 to iVillage.

   
On November 29, 2000, iVillage entered into an employment agreement with
Douglas W. McCormick.
Mr. McCormick's employment agreement provides for an
initial annual base salary of $500,000 and eligibility to receive a bonus
pursuant to iVillage's bonus plan of up to forty percent (40%) of his base
salary upon satisfaction of objectives determined by the board of directors or
the Compensation Committee.
iVillage has also granted Mr. McCormick options to
purchase shares of its common stock which expire 7 years after the date of
grant.
Specifically, Mr. McCormick was granted options to purchase: (a)
600,000 shares of iVillage's common stock at an exercise price equal to $1.25
per share (the fair market value of the common stock on the effective date of
the employment agreement); (b) 200,000 shares of common stock at an exercise
price of $3.50 per share; and (c) 200,000 shares of common stock at an
exercise price of $5.00 per share.
Each grant of options described above shall
vest in equal quarterly installments commencing three (3) months from the
effective date of the employment agreement over a period of thirty (30)
months.

   
Mr. McCormick's employment agreement is effective as of November 29, 2000
for a period of thirty (30) months.
Pursuant to the employment agreement, if
Mr. McCormick voluntarily terminates his employment without "good reason" (as
defined in the agreement) or is terminated for cause (as defined in the
agreement) prior to the expiration of the employment agreement, iVillage shall
pay him base compensation and benefits through the effective date of his
termination and iVillage will have no obligation to pay Mr. McCormick his base
salary,

any bonus or other compensation (including options) for the remainder of the
term of the employment agreement.
If Mr. McCormick is terminated without cause
or resigns for good reason prior to the expiration of the initial term of the
employment agreement, iVillage shall pay him his base compensation and benefits
through the effective date of termination and shall pay him cash equal to his
base salary for a twelve (12) month period, to be paid monthly, and the normal
vesting of any options issued to Mr. McCormick shall continue over this twelve
(12) month period.

   
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event Mr. McCormick's employment is
terminated for any reason: (i) prior to the six month anniversary of the
effective date of the employment agreement, Mr. McCormick shall immediately
vest in one third ( 1/3) of the options, as described above, granted to him at
an exercise price of $1.25 to the extent not otherwise vested; or (ii) on or
after the six month anniversary but prior to the one-year anniversary of the
effective date of the employment agreement, Mr. McCormick shall immediately
vest in two fifths ( 2/5) of the options.

   
Option Grants in Last Fiscal Year

   
The following table sets forth certain information with respect to stock
options granted to each of the Named Executive Officers during the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2000.
iVillage has never granted any stock appreciation
rights.
The exercise price per share of each option was at least equal to the
fair market value of the common stock on the date of grant as determined by
the iVillage board of directors.
The potential realizable value is calculated
based on the term of the option at its time of grant (seven years).
It is
calculated assuming that the fair market value of common stock on the date of
grant (or exercise price per share, if higher) appreciates at the indicated
annual rate compounded annually for the entire term of the option and that the
option is exercised and sold on the last day of its term for the appreciated
stock price.
These numbers are calculated based on the requirements of the
Securities and Exchange Commission and do not reflect iVillage's estimate of
future stock price growth.

                                                      
Percent of
                                       Number of         Total                                  Potential Realizable
                                       Securities       Options                                   Value at Assumed
                                       Underlying       Granted       Exercise                  Annual Rates of Stock
                                        Options      To Employees     Price Per   Expiration     Price Appreciation
                                        Granted     in Fiscal Year      Share        Date          for Option Term
                                       ----------   --------------    ---------   ----------    ---------------------
Name                                      (#)             (%)          ($/Sh)                     5%($)       10%($)
- ----------------------                 ----------   --------------    ---------                 ---------   
---------

Douglas W. McCormick...............      10,000            0            17.17       1/21/07       241,543     334,517
                                        600,000           14             1.25      11/29/07     1,055,325   1,461,538
                                        200,000            5             3.50      11/29/07       984,970   1,364,102
                                        200,000            5             5.00      11/29/07     1,407,100   1,948,717
Candice Carpenter(1)...............     100,000            2            17.17       1/21/07     2,415,429   3,345,168
Nancy Evans........................      
60,000            1            17.17       1/21/07     1,449,257   2,007,101
                                        200,000            5             7.50        6/8/07     2,110,651   2,923,076
John W. Glascott...................      30,000            1            17.17       1/21/07       724,629   1,003,550
Steven A. Elkes....................      43,333            1            17.17       1/21/07     1,046,678   1,449,562
                                         85,000            2             7.50        6/8/07       897,027   1,242,307
Scott Levine.......................      75,000            2             1.25      11/29/07       131,916     182,692

- ---------------

(1) Please see "Executive Compensation--Employment Arrangements" for a
discussion of certain options surrendered by Ms. Carpenter as of April 1,
2001.

   
Fiscal Year-End Option Values

   The following table sets forth information with respect to the Named
Executive Officers concerning stock options held during the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2000 and exercisable and unexercisable options held as of
December 31, 2000.
No options were exercised during fiscal 2000 by any of the
officers.
The value of unexercised in-the-money options at fiscal year-end is
based on  $1.0625 per share, the assumed fair market value of the common stock
at December 31, 2000, less the exercise price per share.

                                                  
Number of Securities Underlying
                                                   Unexercised Options at Fiscal       Value of Unexercised In-The-
                                                           Year-End (#)              Money Options at Fiscal Year-End
                                                 --------------------------------    --------------------------------
Name                                               Exercisable      Unexercisable      Exercisable     Unexercisable
- -----------------------                          --------------    --------------    --------------    
--------------

Douglas W. McCormick .........................        22,639          1,022,361            --                --
Candice Carpenter(1) .........................       
216,111            463,891            --                --
Nancy Evans ..................................        
98,960            354,374            --                --
John W. Glascott .............................        
49,167             77,500            --                --
Steven A. Elkes ..............................        41,977            143,024            --                --
Scott Levine .................................        17,603             97,397            --                --

- ---------------
(1) Please see "Executive Compensation--Employment Arrangements" for a
    discussion of certain options surrendered by Ms. Carpenter as of April 1,
    2001.


Principal Stockholders of iVillage

   The following table sets forth certain information regarding the beneficial
ownership of the common stock as of February 15, 2001 of:

   o each person known by iVillage to beneficially own more than 5% of the
     common stock;

   o each director or director nominee of iVillage;

   o each executive officer of iVillage for whom information is given in the
     iVillage Summary Compensation Table in this joint proxy statement/
     prospectus; and

   o all directors and executive officers of iVillage as a group.

                                                                 
Number of Shares
Name of Beneficial Owner                                      Beneficially Held (1)    Percent of Class
- --------------------------------                              ---------------------    ----------------

Capital Group International, Inc. and Capital Guardian
  Trust Company (2)........................................         2,963,600                10.3
 11100 Santa Monica Boulevard
  Los Angeles, California 94109
AOL Time Warner Inc. (3) ..................................         
2,511,983                 8.4
 75 Rockefeller Plaza
  New York, New York 10019
National Broadcasting Company, Inc. (4) ...................         
2,109,012                 7.0
 30 Rockefeller Plaza
  New York, New York 10112
Rho Management Company, Inc.(5) ...........................         
1,818,885                 6.1
 152 West 57th Street
  New York, New York 10019
Candice Carpenter(6) ......................................           717,640                 2.4
Nancy Evans(7) ............................................           433,609                 1.5
Habib Kairouz(8) ..........................................         
1,829,302                 6.2
Lennert J. Leader(9) ......................................         2,522,400                 8.4
Douglas McCormick(10) .....................................           181,750                   *
Daniel Schulman(11) .......................................            57,083                   *
Martin Yudkovitz(12) ......................................         2,123,429                 7.1
Steven A. Elkes(13) .......................................            
76,125                   *
John W. Glascott(14) ......................................            
68,874                   *
John T. Healy .............................................                 -                   *
Scott Levine(15) ..........................................            
23,063                   *
All directors and executive officers as a group (15
  persons).................................................         
8,082,773                26.0

- ---------------
*Less than one percent of the outstanding common stock.


(1)  
Unless otherwise indicated, the address for each listed director or
     officer is c/o iVillage Inc., 500-512 Seventh Avenue, New York, New York
     10018.
As used in this table, "beneficial ownership" means the sole or
     shared power to vote or direct the voting or to dispose or direct the
     disposition of any security.
For purposes of this table, a person is
     deemed to be the beneficial owner of securities that can be acquired
     within 60 days from February 15, 2001 through the exercise of any option
     or warrant.
Shares of common stock subject to options or warrants that
     are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days are deemed
     outstanding for computing the ownership percentage of the person holding
     such options or warrants, but are not deemed outstanding for computing
     the ownership percentage of any other person.
The amounts and percentages
     are based upon 29,706,770 shares of common stock outstanding as of
     February 15, 2001.


(2)  
According to a Schedule 13G, filed on December 12, 2000 and as amended on
     February 12, 2001, Capital Group International, Inc. is the parent
     holding company of a group of investment management companies that hold
     investment power and, in some cases, voting power over the securities
     reported in this section.
The investment management companies, which
     include a "bank" as defined in Section 3(a)6 of the Securities Exchange
     Act of 1934, as amended, and several investment advisers registered under
     Section 203 of the Investment Advisors Act of 1940, provide investment
     advisory and management services for their respective clients which
     include registered investment companies and institutional accounts.
     
Capital Group International, Inc. does not have investment power or
     voting power over any of the securities shown herein; however, Capital
     Group International, Inc. may be deemed to "beneficially own" such
     securities by virtue of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act.
Capital
     Guardian Trust Company, a bank as defined in Section 3(a)6 of the
     Exchange Act is deemed to be the beneficial owner of the 2,963,600 shares
     as a result of its serving as the investment manager of various
     institutional accounts.


(3)  AOL Time Warner Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiary, America Online,
     Inc. ("AOL"), may be deemed to have shared power to vote and dispose of
     the 2,511,983 shares of iVillage common stock (including 350,908

     shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants) registered
     in the name of AOL and owned beneficially by AOL Time Warner Inc.

(4)  
According to an Amended Schedule 13D, filed November 5, 1999, the
     National Broadcasting Company, Inc. has sole voting and dispositive power
     over all shares.
Includes 271,003 shares of common stock issuable upon
     the exercise of a warrant.


(5)  Rho Management Company, Inc., a New York corporation, may be deemed the
     beneficial owner of the 1,818,885 shares according to an investment
     advisory relationship by which Rho Management Company, Inc. exercises
     voting and investment control over the shares of which 1,668,885 shares
     are registered in the name of Rho Management Trust I.
The remaining
     150,000 shares are registered in the name of a controlling stockholder of
     Rho Management Company, Inc.

(6)  Includes options to purchase 330,138 shares of common stock that are
     currently exercisable.
As of April 1, 2001, Ms. Carpenter surrendered
     options to purchase 118,055 shares of common stock that are reflected in
     this table.
Please see "Executive Compensation--Employment Arrangements".


(7)  Includes (a) options to purchase 134,377 shares of common stock that are
     currently exercisable and (b) 81,166 shares of common stock beneficially
     owned by the Evans/Wishman 1998 Irrevocable Trust.
Ms. Evans disclaims
     beneficial ownership of the shares of common stock held by the Evans/
     Wishman 1998 Irrevocable Trust.


(8)  Mr. Kairouz is Managing Director of Rho Management Company, Inc.
In such
     capacity, Mr. Kairouz may be deemed to have beneficial ownership of the
     1,818,885 shares beneficially owned by Rho Management Company, Inc.
Mr.
     Kairouz disclaims beneficial ownership of the shares reported by Rho
     Management Company, Inc., other than an insignificant number of shares in
     which Mr. Kairouz has a pecuniary interest.
Includes options to purchase
     10,417 shares of common stock that are currently exercisable.


(9)  Consists of 2,511,983 shares of common stock beneficially owned by AOL
     Time Warner Inc., including 350,908 shares of common stock issuable upon
     the exercise of warrants.
Mr. Leader is the President of the Venture
     Group of AOL Time Warner Investments.
As such, Mr. Leader may be deemed
     to have voting power or investment power over the securities beneficially
     owned by AOL Time Warner Inc.
Mr. Leader disclaims beneficial ownership
     of the shares of common stock beneficially owned by AOL Time Warner Inc.
     Includes options to purchase 10,417 shares of common stock that are
     currently exercisable.
iVillage has been informed by AOL Time Warner Inc.
     that Mr. Leader is obligated to transfer such options or the benefit of
     such options to AOL or AOL Time Warner Inc.

(10) Includes (a) options to purchase 143,750 shares of common stock that are
     currently exercisable and (b) 3,000 shares of common stock beneficially
     owned by Mr. McCormick's wife.
Mr. McCormick disclaims beneficial
     ownership of the shares of common stock held by his wife.


(11) Consists of options to purchase 57,083 shares of common stock that are
     currently exercisable.


(12) Consists of (a) 4,000 shares of common stock beneficially owned by Mr.
     Yudkovitz, (b) 2,109,012 shares of common stock beneficially owned by the
     National Broadcasting Company, Inc., including 271,003 shares of common
     stock issuable upon the exercise of a warrant and (c) options to purchase
     10,417 shares of common stock that are currently exercisable.
Pursuant to
     a nominee agreement with NBC, Mr. Yudkovitz holds any options that he
     receives from iVillage in connection with his services as a director as a
     nominee for NBC and has no discretionary duties with respect thereto.
Mr.
     Yudkovitz disclaims beneficial ownership of the option to purchase 10,417
     shares of common stock.
Mr. Yudkovitz is President and Chief Executive
     Officer of NBC Multimedia, Inc., a division of NBC.
Mr. Yudkovitz does
     not have voting or investment power with respect to the shares of common
     stock owned by NBC.
Mr. Yudkovitz disclaims beneficial ownership of the
     shares of common stock beneficially owned by NBC.


(13) Includes options to purchase 73,025 shares of common stock that are
     currently exercisable.


(14) Includes options to purchase 61,874 shares of common stock that are
     currently exercisable.


(15) Includes options to purchase 20,103 shares of common stock that are
     currently exercisable.


Certain Transactions

   On June 5, 1998, Candice Carpenter executed a promissory note in favor of
iVillage for borrowings up to a maximum principal amount of $500,000, of which
$500,000 was outstanding at December 31, 2000.
Subject to prepayment or
acceleration, any loans made to Ms. Carpenter under the note mature on
December 31, 2002.
Borrowings made under the note bear interest at 5.58% per
annum and are payable on an annual basis on December 31 of each year
commencing on December 31, 1998.
The note is collateralized by a pledge by Ms.
Carpenter of 20,000 shares of common stock.
Pursuant to an agreement with
iVillage, Ms. Carpenter has resigned as Chief Executive Officer of iVillage as
of August 1, 2000 and from iVillage's Board of Directors as of April 1, 2001.

See "Executive Compensation-Employment Arrangements".

   
During 1998, as amended in March 1999, iVillage entered into a stock
purchase agreement with NBC pursuant to which iVillage issued shares of series
E convertible preferred stock and warrants to purchase up to 970,874 shares of
series E convertible preferred stock and 813,003 shares of series E
convertible preferred stock in exchange for a promissory note of approximately
$15.5 million.
The note, which bears interest at the rate of 5% per annum, is
payable in twelve installments of approximately $1.4 million, payable
quarterly beginning April 1, 1999.
In connection with iVillage's initial
public offering and the reverse stock split, the shares of series E
convertible preferred stock and warrants were converted into 1,629,676 shares
of common stock and warrants to purchase 323,625 shares of common stock at
$15.45 per share and 271,003 shares of common stock at $18.45 per share,
respectively.
In addition, iVillage agreed to purchase, for cash, $13.5
million of advertising and promotional spots during 1999 and $8.5 million per
annum during 2000 and 2001, respectively.
iVillage also agreed to pay $1.1
million during 1999 for prominent placement on the NBC.com Web site.
In
February 2001, iVillage further amended its November 1998 agreement with NBC
to provide for an extension of time during which iVillage must purchase its
advertising or promotional spots on the NBC network.
The revised terms require
iVillage to purchase approximately $11.6 million of advertising or promotional
spots between January 30, 2001 and December 31, 2002, with $3.0 million of
such spots being telecast during the year 2001 and the remaining approximately
$8.6 million during the year 2002.
Martin Yudkovitz, an iVillage director, is
President and Chief Executive Officer of NBC Multimedia, Inc., a division of
NBC.

   
In July 1997, iVillage entered into an interactive services agreement with
AOL, whereby iVillage received anchor tenant distribution within the AOL
service.
This agreement superseded any prior agreements between iVillage and
AOL.
This agreement, which was due to expire on February 28, 1999, provided
both parties with the right to extend the agreement.
In consideration for AOL
carrying certain channels of iVillage, iVillage receiving guaranteed
impressions and other services, iVillage was obligated to pay AOL monthly
payments of approximately $229,000 until September 1, 1998 and approximately
$201,000 thereafter until February 28, 1999, make certain additional payments
based on revenues and provide in-kind commitments to AOL which primarily
consisted of the mentioning of "AOL Keyword: iVillage" within iVillage
advertisements and other promotions.

   
In January 1998, iVillage entered into a shopping channel promotional
agreement with AOL, whereby AOL agreed to promote iVillage and its services on
the AOL shopping channel and provide access to iVillage's online sites.
This
agreement provided for monthly installments of $10,417 paid to AOL through
December 31, 1998.
The shopping channel promotion agreement was amended in
October 1998, at which time the monthly payment increased to approximately
$10,833 and the agreement was extended to October 1999.

   
On December 31, 1998, iVillage entered into an interactive services
agreement with AOL which superseded the 1997 agreement with AOL.
The 1998
agreement with AOL expired on December 31, 2000 and allowed both parties to
extend the term of the agreement for an additional year.
The 1998 agreement
with AOL provided for iVillage to receive anchor tenant distribution on
certain AOL channels, guaranteed impressions, and other services.
In
consideration for such services iVillage was obligated to pay AOL minimum
quarterly payments of approximately $921,000 until March 31, 1999,
approximately $611,000 from April 1, 1999 through December 31, 1999 and
approximately $807,000 from January 1, 2000 through December 31, 2000, and
provide up to $2 million of advertising to AOL.
iVillage extended the 1998
agreement with AOL for periods after December 31, 2000 on a month-to-month
basis for a monthly fee of $268,908 and is currently in negotiations with AOL
to amend the 1998 agreement.

   
On February 20, 2000, iVillage executed an addendum to the 1998 agreement
under which AOL will distribute through the AOL network a customized version
of iVillage's Astrology.
Net Website and content, and

provide guaranteed impressions, and other services.
In consideration for such
services iVillage is obligated to pay AOL monthly installments of $22,500
until June 6, 2000, an upfront payment of $700,000 in June 2000, and six
quarterly installments of $350,000 commencing on September 6, 2000.
The
agreement expires on June 5, 2002.
Lennert J. Leader, an iVillage director, is
President of the Venture Group of AOL Time Warner Investments.

   
iVillage has entered into indemnification agreements with its executive
officers and directors containing provisions which may require iVillage, among
other things, to indemnify its officers and directors against certain
liabilities that may arise by reason of their status or service as officers or
directors, other than liabilities arising from willful misconduct of a
culpable nature, and to advance their expenses incurred as a result of any
proceeding against them as to which they could be indemnified.

                        INFORMATION CONCERNING WOMEN.COM

Business of Women.com

   Overview

   Women.com is a leading Internet media company that offers a network of web
sites dedicated to women.
While Women.com offers all the services that Web
users expect in a portal site, including programming, community, shopping and
personalized services, its most distinguishing feature is its network
approach, which unites the most popular brand names in the world under one
user-friendly interactive network.
Brand names such as Cosmopolitan, Good
Housekeeping, Harlequin and Prevention are incorporated into the Women.com
network, which includes 150,000 pages within 17 topical channels.
Women.com
believes this depth and breadth of programming sets it apart from other online
properties.
The company was founded in 1992 by Ellen Pack, who launched
"Women's Wire" an online subscription service in 1993.
In 1995, Women.com
introduced its current Web site, located at www.women.com.
In March 1998,
Women.com purchased Wild Wild Web Incorporated, which operated StorkSite, a
Web site focused on content and community for expectant mothers.
In January
1999, Women.com combined its business with HomeArts and Astronet, both of
which were business units of Hearst's New Media and Technology Division.

During the fourth quarter of 1999, Women.com completed its initial public
offering and completed the acquisition of World Gaming Corporation, a
privately-held online gaming company.
Women.com makes its programming and
services available without charge to visitors and generates revenue primarily
through the sale of advertisements, promotions, sponsorships and direct
marketing.
Women.com also receives production and e-commerce revenues from
certain partners.
Advertising on Women.com properties is sold through its
direct sales force.
In the fourth quarter of 2000, Women.com had over 100
industry-leading advertisers.

   
The Women.com Network

   The table below provides a description of the content offered through each
of Women.com's 17 channels.


Channel Name                                                           Description
- ------------                                                           -----------

Career ..............   Offers information on job listings, child-care centers, resume writing and personnel management.
                        
Extends opportunities to participate in the Entrepreneur Club or to ask "Career Coach" about salary
                        ranges and networking strategies.
Features news highlights, personal finance and small business
                        information.

Cars ................   Offers tools such as the car payment calculator and provides tips on car insurance and financing.
                        
Provides opportunity to ask "Cash Flo" about the pros and cons of leasing vs. buying a car and offers
                        automotive tips in related chat rooms.

Entertainment .......   
Features book and movie reviews, community chats, television picks and celebrity interviews.

Family ..............   Enables visitors to find information on a wide range of topics, including child development, college
                        tuition planning and parenting tips from expert columnists.
Offers online activities for parents and
                        kids.

Fashion & Beauty ....   Offers helpful suggestions on skin care, fashion and make-up.
Features fashion trends and personal
                        style interactive tools.
Allows visitors to e-mail questions to "Fashion Plate."
Features information
                        from Cosmopolitan and Marie Claire.

Fitness .............   Offers opportunities to meet a workout buddy in the network's fitness community, join a walking club,
                        design a personalized workout shop for the latest exercise videos or use the interactive calorie
                        counter.
Features information from Prevention, Redbook and Good Housekeeping.

Food ................   
Features recipe finders, cooking schools, restaurant reviews, wine selection suggestions and a daily
                        meal planner.
Offers information from Country Living and Good Housekeeping.

Health & Wellness ...   
Loaded with information on health news, ailments and nutrition.
Features content from Prevention.
                        
Offers advice from the network's resident expert and related support groups and interactive tools such
                        as calorie counter and vitamin dispenser.

Home & Garden .......   Provides viewers with advice and tools for the design and care of gardens.
Features content from
                        Country Living Gardener and expert advice from Ms. Grow-it-all.

Money ...............   
Features content from Bloomberg, including business news, portfolio tools, currency conversion rates,
                        stock quotes and company profiles.
Provides interactive tools such as personal budget planning, home-
                        buying calculators and other financial planning information.

News & Politics .....   
Updates viewers on the financial industry, technology, world news headlines and other current events.
                        
Offers an opportunity to post comments, participate in various polls and e-mail politicians regarding
                        public policy.

Pregnancy & Baby ....   Features a large selection of body, health, pregnancy, childbirth and parenting reference materials.
                        
Offers advice from Women.com's resident obstetrics nurse and the opportunity to share experiences in
                        the chat rooms.

Sex & Romance .......   Offers advice on relationships through content from Cosmopolitan, Redbook and Harlequin, "Emale," who
                        provides advice from the male perspective, and love horoscopes.

Small Business ......   Offers resources for starting a business, helpful hints from the Entrepreneur's Club or the "Biz
                        Shrink" and content from Victoria and Good Housekeeping.
Features interactive tools such as a start-up
                        cost calculator and interactive business plan.

Technology &            Provides visitors the opportunity to build their own Internet site and offers the latest technology
Internet ............   news.
Highlights women through broadband video interviews with well-known journalists such as NBC's
                        Soledad O'Brien.

Travel ..............   Offers visitors the opportunity to plan a weekend getaway, read about tips for business travel and find
                        weather information for any city and provides postings of destination picks on the travel message
                        board.

Weddings ............   
Features tools for brides and grooms such as the wedding checklist from Town & Country Weddings,
                        information on finding a wedding dress and wedding gift suggestions.

   
Women.com's channels link to related content on 10 magazine sites to which
it has online distribution rights.
Women.com produces, maintains and hosts
these magazine sites.
The content from these sites link to various channels
within Women.com's network.
The following table describes each magazine site:

Magazine                                                   Related Web Site Description
- --------                                                   ----------------------------

Cosmopolitan .............   
Features fashion and relationship advice aimed at the "fun, fearless female.
"
Country Living ...........   
Provides lifestyle and home design ideas.

Country Living Gardener ..   Features seasonal gardening practices, beautiful gardens and tips for the avid gardener.

Good Housekeeping ........   
Features topics relating to food and recipes, home, family and consumer reports.

House Beautiful ..........   Features topics relating to designing, improving or remodeling one's home.

Marie Claire .............   Features fashion and beauty trends.

Prevention ...............   Offers articles, resources, guidance and expertise on a variety of health-related
                             topics.

Redbook ..................   
Focuses on family, health and marriage.

Town & Country Weddings ..   Focuses on living, arts, travel and weddings.

Victoria .................   Offers support and advice for women entrepreneurs, including stories and lifestyle tips.

   
Advertising Sales

   Women.com has derived substantially all of its revenues to date from the
sale of advertisements.
Women.com's advertising products currently consist of
banner advertisements that appear on pages within Women.com properties, higher
profile promotional sponsorships that are typically focused on a particular
event, such as a sweepstakes, production services for merchants who wish to
create their own minisites within the Women.com network, and merchant
advertisements focused on particular products presented within targeted areas
devoted to topics related to these products within Women.com's network.

Hypertext links are embedded in each banner advertisement or button to provide
the user with instant access to the advertiser's Web site, to obtain
additional information, or to purchase products and services.
Women.com offers
advertisers the opportunity to target its messages to segments of Women.com's
audience, and therefore delivers greater value to its customers.
By developing
an extended family of Women.com-branded properties, it seeks to offer
advertisers a wide range of options for placement of their advertisements.

   
As of December 31, 2000 Women.com had a direct sales force comprised of 41
sales people, sales managers and support staff.
This group is located
primarily in New York, with offices in Chicago, Dallas, Santa Monica and San
Mateo.
Women.com's marketing division also works closely with the sales
department to create a variety of advertising packages from banner
advertisements to minisite production.

   
Customers

   Women.com's sales division is building a large and varied client base of
advertising relationships, which it believes will build the strongest base of
customers for the future.
During the fourth quarter of 2000, Women.com had
over 100 advertising customers and no one customer accounted for more than 10%
of its net revenues in that quarter.

   
Content Relationships

   To provide its visitors with comprehensive programming, Women.com has
entered into selected content relationships with various companies, including
ABC News, Bloomberg L.P., E!Online, Hearst Communications, Rodale and Torstar
(Harlequin).
Women.com's most important content relationships are with Hearst
Communications and Rodale, Inc.
Pursuant to Women.com's amended and restated
magazine content license and hosting agreement with Hearst Communications,
dated January 29, 2001, Women.com has incorporated into its network several
websites affiliated with various magazines owned and published by Hearst,
including the U.S. editions of Cosmopolitan, Country Living, Good
Housekeeping, House Beautiful, Redbook, and Town & Country.
Under this amended
and restated content license and hosting agreement, Women.com hosts, develops,
and promotes the Hearst magazine-related websites and has on-line distribution
rights to the content published on those websites.
For such services, Hearst
Communications pays Women.com service fees and Women.com shares with Hearst
Communications a portion of advertising and e-commerce revenue generated from
the Hearst magazine-related websites.
This agreement has an initial term that
ends on January 27, 2005.
Pursuant to Women.com's Amended and Restated Website
Agreement with Rodale, Inc., Women.com develops, produces and hosts a website
for Rodale's Prevention magazine.
Women.com shares a percentage of the
revenues generated from ads sold on the Prevention website with Rodale.
This
agreement has a current term that will expire in January of 2002.

   
Distribution Relationships

   To leverage its brand identity and increase traffic to its network,
Women.com has entered into several online distribution relationships with
leading Internet companies, including America Online, NBCi, Yahoo!
and
ISyndicate.
Under these distribution agreements, its distribution partners
host Women.com content on their sites.
By clicking on the Women.com button or
link placed on a distribution partner's site, a user can immediately access
Women.com's content, tools and services.
The term of these relationships
ranges from several months to multiple years.
Women.com's most important
distribution relationship is with America Online.
Under two Interactive
Services Agreements with America Online, America Online provides links to
Women.com's website and content within the America Online network.
Women.com
pays America Online a flat carriage fee for hosting links to Women.com's web
site and content.
Women.com's agreements with America Online will expire in
April and June of 2002.

   
Marketing

   Women.com's marketing strategy includes a variety of online and offline
marketing initiatives, which focus on building its brand awareness and
leveraging the value of brands of associated partners, driving traffic to its
network, building its membership base cost effectively, increasing traffic and
duration within its network and building inventory levels and revenue streams
for email advertising sales, magazine subscriptions and online promotions.

   
Women.com's offline brand-building strategy focuses on relationships with
media partners, including Hearst Communications, Rodale and Harlequin.
Hearst
Communications and Rodale, for example, promote Women.com's network in each of
their magazines, both with advertising and with site mentions.
Women.com also
promotes its network through sponsorship events such as V-Day in Madison
Square Garden and through advertising in print and television broadcast media.

Women.com actively seeks to leverage offline advertising opportunities with
online tie-ins such as its E!Online and Women.com Oscars Red Carpet Quiz
promotion.

   
Women.com's marketing department is also engaged in providing support to its
sales effort through the development of sales tools and other collateral
pieces.
The client partnership marketing team develops

sponsorship packages and proposals and creates minisites and other production
activities on behalf of advertising clients.

   
As of December 31, 2000, Women.com's marketing department consisted of 29
marketing professionals located in San Mateo and New York.

   
Technology

   Women.com relies almost exclusively on a variety of third-party products for
its hardware and software.
Women.com operates its network to ensure maximum
network uptime, to obtain, preserve and analyze customer data, and to enhance
the user's experience.

   
Women.com maintains several Internet servers and application servers, each
of which contain software that balances the amount of content, traffic and
transactions conducted.
Each server has one or more replicas and its user
traffic is balanced among them.
As a result, if a server fails, there are
enough back-up servers to ensure that Women.com's service interruption is
minimized.
Women.com houses its servers at Exodus Communications.
Exodus is an
environmentally controlled data center with multiple communication lines and
uninterrupted power.

   
Women.com provides tools for its visitors to search through its content
using its servers and is implementing a system that will help it assemble Web
pages in real time based upon user or editorial requirements.
Women.com
utilizes third party software to manage and deliver advertisements and to
provide advertisers online access to the information they need to measure how
their advertisements are performing on Women.com's network.

   
Competition

   The market for Internet content and service providers is highly competitive
with few barriers to entry.
The market segment that Women.com targets is
characterized by an increasing number of market entrants with competing
content and services.

   
Women.com competes, in particular, with the following types of companies:

   o publishers of women's print magazines, such as Conde Nast and Hachette
     Filipachi, which also host Internet sites with content designed to
     complement their magazines

   o content aggregators, including America Online, Microsoft and Yahoo!

   o Internet companies, such as Oxygen Media, which target women online

   o Internet directories, search engines and other sites that offer original
     editorial content

   o companies in the print, broadcast and television industries

   Women.com's revenues to date have been generated primarily from advertising
and sponsorships.
Women.com competes with other Web sites to gain advertising
revenues based on several factors, including Women.com's:

   o ranking by Jupiter Media Metrix, which ranks sites on a monthly basis
     according to the number of unique visitors;

   o pricing; and

   o content.

   
Employees

   As of December 31, 2000, Women.com had 259 full-time employees, of whom 120
were in content development, 41 in sales, 48 in technical operations, 29 in
marketing and 21 in general and administrative services.

   
Properties

   As of February 10, 2001, Women.com's headquarters were located in
approximately 46,000 square feet of office space in San Mateo, California
under lease agreements that expire on December 31, 2002 as to approximately
29,000 square feet and August 31, 2003 as to the remainder.
In addition,
Women.com leases approximately 49,000 square feet of office space in New York
City pursuant to a lease agreement which expires December 31, 2010.
Women.com
also maintains offices in Chicago, Illinois, New Canaan, Connecticut, Dallas,
Texas and Santa Monica, California.

   
Legal Proceedings

   There were no significant legal proceedings as of December 31, 2000.


Selected Consolidated Financial Data of Women.com

   The Women.com selected consolidated financial data have been derived from
the audited consolidated financial statements for the respective periods.
The
consolidated financial data should be read in conjunction with Women.com's
consolidated audited financial statements and the notes thereto and
"Women.com's Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations" included elsewhere in this joint proxy statement/
prospectus.

                                                                 
Year Ended December 31,
                                                  -----------------------------------------------------
                                                    2000        1999        1998       1997      1996
                                                    ----        
----        ----       
----      ----
                                                          (in thousands, except per share data)

Statement of Operations Data:
Net revenues .................................   $  43,647    $ 30,023    $  7,247   $ 2,798    $   729
Net loss attributable to common stockholders .   
$(121,191)   $(57,068)   $(13,615)  $(6,612)   $(2,987)
Basic and diluted net loss per share
attributable to common stockholders ..........   $   (2.59)   $  (2.11)   $ (10.52)  $ (9.15)   $ (4.26)
Shares used in computing basic and diluted
net loss per share ...........................      46,803      27,062       1,294       722        702

                                                                 Year Ended December 31,
                                                   ----------------------------------------------------
                                                    2000       1999        1998       1997       1996
                                                    ----       
----        ----       
----       ----
                                                          (in thousands, except per share data)

Balance Sheet Data:
Cash equivalents ..............................   $30,135    $ 87,242    $ 12,235   $  4,885    $ 1,761
Working capital ...............................    29,370      93,187       9,856      2,874         83
Total assets ..................................    
57,926     172,539      18,062      6,430      2,208
Mandatorily redeemable convertible preferred
stock and warrants ............................        
--          --      35,420     15,012      5,817
Total stockholders' equity (deficit) ..........    
47,390     158,074     (22,705)   (12,256)    (5,650)

   Women.com has never paid any cash dividends on its capital stock.


Women.com's Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations

   Overview

   Women.com Networks was formed in October 1992 and introduced its current
Internet site, located at www.women.com, in 1995.
In January 1999, Women.com
Networks and Hearst HomeArts, Inc., a subsidiary of The Hearst Corporation,
contributed their businesses to Women.com Networks LLC, which was jointly
owned by Women.com and HomeArts.
In August 1999, Women.com and HomeArts merged
and the business previously conducted by Women.com Networks LLC was continued
by Women.com.
The creation of Women.com Networks LLC was accounted for as an
acquisition using the purchase method of accounting.
The operations of
HomeArts have been included in Women.com's operations since the formation of
Women.com Networks LLC on January 29, 1999.

   
Women.com has incurred significant net losses and negative cash flows from
operations since its inception.
As of December 31, 2000, Women.com had an
accumulated deficit of $204.2 million.
Women.com expects its operating losses
to continue as its expands its network and it will continue to invest in its
infrastructure by making capital expenditures.
As a result, Women.com believes
it will incur significant operating losses and negative cash flows from
operations for at least the next several years.  
Women.com's continuation as a
going concern is dependent on its ability to obtain additional financing to
meet its obligations.

   
On February 5, 2001, Women.com entered into a definitive agreement whereby
iVillage would acquire all of the outstanding shares of Women.com.
This
transaction, if approved by the stockholders of Women.com and iVillage, is
expected to close during the second quarter of 2001 and will potentially have
a significant impact on the future operations of Women.com.

   
Women.com's revenues to date have been generated primarily from advertising
and sponsorships.
Advertising and sponsorship revenues represented 79%, 83%
and 74% of total revenues for the years ended December 31, 2000, 1999 and
1998, respectively.

   
Advertising revenues consist primarily of sales of banner advertisements and
sponsorships.
Advertising contracts are generally short-term, although
Women.com has entered into long-term contracts and sponsorships with several
customers.
Women.com typically guarantees a minimum number of impressions or
page views to be delivered to users over a specified period of time for a
fixed fee.
Advertising revenues are generally recognized ratably over the
period in which the advertising is displayed.
To the extent that minimum
guaranteed page deliveries are not met, Women.com defers recognition of the
corresponding revenues until the guaranteed page deliveries are achieved.

   
Sponsorship revenues are derived from contracts that generally range from 6
to 24 months in length.
Sponsorship agreements typically include the delivery
of impressions, market research, preferred status within relevant content
areas and the design and development of sites branded by both Women.com and
the sponsor intended to enhance the promotional objective of the sponsor.

Women.com recognizes sponsorship revenues as earned, which is generally
ratably over the contract period.
To the extent that committed obligations
under sponsorship agreements are not met, revenue recognition is deferred
until the obligations are met.

   
Advertising revenues also include barter revenues, which represent the
exchange of advertising space on Women.com's network for reciprocal
advertising space on third party Web sites as well as other advertising and
promotional vehicles.
Women.com has adopted the provisions of EITF 99-17
"Accounting for Advertising Barter Transactions" ("EITF 99-17") and revenue
from barter transactions are recorded as advertising revenues at the fair
value of the advertising surrendered only if the fair value of the advertising
surrendered in the transaction is determinable based on the Women.com's own
historical practice of receiving cash for similar advertising from buyers
unrelated to the counterparty in the barter transaction.
Any barter revenue
complying with these provisions is recognized when the advertisements are run
on Women.com's Web site.
Barter expenses are recorded when Women.com's
advertisements run on the reciprocal media property, which is typically in the
same period in which the advertisements run on Women.com's network.
Barter
revenue comprised less than 1% of Women.com's total revenues in 2000 and 1999
as compared to 9% in 1998.
17.2 million impressions were surrendered and
received in the year ended December 31, 2000 in barter transactions for which
a fair value was not determinable based on the provisions of EITF 99-17.

   
Production revenues are derived from contracts in which Women.com designs
and develops Web sites for third parties for use on the Women.com network or
their own sites.
Women.com recognizes production revenues as earned, which is
generally as services are performed over the contract period.
To the extent
that committed obligations under production agreements are not met, revenue
recognition is deferred until the obligations are met.

   
E-commerce revenues consisted of commissions from the sale of magazine
subscriptions and books sold on the network, sales of services on Astronet
including personalized reports and readings and, to a lesser extent, payments
from affiliate sales programs.
Affiliate program e-commerce net revenues are
recognized upon notification from the affiliate.
Since Women.com does not meet
the definition of a principal in any of these transactions Women.com reports
revenue net in accordance with the provisions of EITF 99-19 "Reporting Revenue
Gross as a Principal Versus Net as an Agent.
"

   Results of Operations for Years Ended December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998

   Results of operations for the year ended December 31, 1998 include the
results of Women.com only, as the combination with HomeArts and Astronet did
not occur until January 29, 1999.
Results of operations for 2000 and 1999
include the combined results of Women.com and HomeArts for the period
subsequent to the combination with HomeArts and Astronet on January 29, 1999.

Results of operations for 2000 also include the operating results of World
Gaming Corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Women.com, since December 10,
1999.

   
Net revenues.
Net revenues were $43.6 million for the year ended December
31, 2000, a 45% increase over 1999.
This increase was primarily due to higher
advertising and sponsorship revenues during 2000.
Advertising and sponsorship
revenues totaled $34.4 million, a 68% increase over 1999.
Production revenues
totaled $6.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2000, a 51% increase over
1999.
Included in production revenues for 2000 are fees of $3.3 million (7% of
total revenues) related to Women.com's magazine content license and hosting
agreement with Hearst Communications, a principal stockholder of Women.com.

   
As a result of the announcement of the merger with iVillage, numerous
advertisers have informed Women.com of their intent to delay current and
future advertising on Women.com's network until the merger has been completed.

Women.com expects the merger to be completed in the second quarter of 2001.

Accordingly, Women.com expects its advertising revenues to decrease
significantly in the second quarter of 2001.
If the merger with iVillage is
not completed and Women.com continues to operate as an independent company,
advertisers that have delayed current and future advertising may choose to
discontinue advertising on Women.com's network entirely, which could
significantly harm Women.com's business.

   
Net revenues were $30.0 million for the year ended December 31, 1999, a 314%
increase over 1998.
The combination with HomeArts and Astronet accounted for
36% of this increase.
The remaining increase in revenues was primarily due to
Women.com's higher advertising and sponsorship revenues during 1999.

Advertising and sponsorship revenues were $20.5 million in 1999, a 330%
increase over 1998.
Production revenues related to the relaunch of nine
magazine sites under the Hearst magazine content license and hosting agreement
totaled $2.7 million (9% of total revenues) in 1999.

   
Production, product and technology expenses.
Production, product and
technology expenses consist primarily of personnel related costs for technical
operations, editorial and design activities and content acquisition costs.

Production, product and technology expenses increased to $40.4 million for the
year ended December 31, 2000 as compared to $23.7 million for the same period
in 1999.
This increase was primarily due to increased personnel costs of
approximately $8.8 million, $2.7 million in increased content acquisition,
$2.3 million in increased royalty expense and $1.4 million in gaming prizes.

   
Production, product and technology expenses increased to $23.7 million in
1999 compared to $6.1 million in 1998.
This increase was primarily due to
increased expenses of $8.4 million associated with costs related to the
combination with HomeArts and Astronet.
Women.com also incurred $4.7 million
of expenses related to the hiring of additional personnel, as well as $1.0
million in increased content acquisition costs and other production costs
associated with growth in its business.

   
Sales and marketing expenses.
Sales and marketing expenses consist
primarily of personnel costs and advertising, distribution and public
relations expenses.
Sales and marketing expenses increased to $46.0 million
for the year ended December 31, 2000 compared to $36.1 million for the same
period in 1999.
This increase was primarily attributable to increased
distribution costs of $6.2 million, increased personnel costs of $1.7 million
and approximately $700,000 related to new advertising products and programs.

Sales and marketing expenses for 2000 also include $3.0 million in noncash
expenses related to print campaigns provided by Hearst Communications under
Women.com's agreement with Hearst Communications.

   
Sales and marketing expenses were $36.1 million in 1999 compared to $12.3
million in 1998.
Additional advertising costs including television advertising
of $5.7 million, personnel costs related to increased headcount of $4.0
million, costs related to the HomeArts and Astronet combination of $3.5
million and increased distribution costs of $3.4 million contributed to this
increase.
Sales and marketing expenses for 1999 also include $3.5 million in
noncash expenses related to print campaigns provided by Hearst Communications
under Women.com's agreement with Hearst Communications.

   
General and administrative expenses.
General and administrative expenses
consist primarily of personnel costs, occupancy costs, depreciation expenses,
bad debt expense and legal and accounting fees.
General and administrative
expenses increased to $11.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2000
compared to $8.0 million for the same period in 1999, primarily as a result of
a $3.4 million increase in bad debt expense.
The increase in bad debt expense
was primarily due to provisions recorded on past due accounts receivable from
several e-commerce/internet customers.
These customers experienced a
significant deterioration in liquidity and their ability to obtain additional
capital to fund their operations.

   
General and administrative expenses were $8.0 million in 1999, an increase
of 315% over 1998.
Approximately 27% of the total increase was related to the
combination with HomeArts and Astronet.
The remainder of the increase is
attributable to additional occupancy, insurance and other costs related to the
Women.com's growing employee base.
Women.com headcount increased from 103 at
the end of 1998 to 277 at the end of 1999.
Approximately 80 of these employees
came from the combination with HomeArts and Astronet.

   
Stock-based compensation.
Stock-based compensation consists of charges
related to the difference between employee stock and stock option grant prices
and deemed fair market values on the date of grant amortized over the vesting
period of the options.
Stock-based compensation has been allocated between
production, product and technology, sales and marketing and general and
administrative expenses in Women.com's financial statements.
Women.com's
stock-based compensation was a credit of $559,000 for the year ended December
31, 2000 compared with an expense of $3.0 million in 1999.
This decrease was
due to the reversal of amortized stock-based compensation expense in relation
to cancellations during 2000 of unvested stock options previously granted due
to employee terminations in the year.

   
Stock-based compensation expense was $3.0 million in 1999 compared with $1.2
million in 1998.
The increase is due to increased levels of stock option
grants and increases in the deemed fair market value of the underlying common
stock.

   
Amortization of acquired intangibles.
Amortization of acquired intangibles
consists of the amortization of goodwill and intangible assets acquired.

Women.com reported $29.1 million of amortization of acquired intangibles in
2000 as compared to $20.5 million in 1999.
This increase is primarily
attributable to amortization related to the World Gaming Corporation
acquisition (acquired December 1999) and the EZSharing.com acquisition
(acquired February 2000).
Amortization in 2000 also includes a full year of
amortization related to the HomeArts acquisition (acquired January 29, 1999).

   
Amortization of acquired intangibles was $20.5 million for the year ended
December 31, 1999 as compared to $517,000 in 1998.
The 1999 expense includes
amortization related to the 1999 acquisitions of HomeArts and World Gaming
Corporation, in addition to the 1998 acquisition of Wild Wild Web.

   
Impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets and abandonment of
certain tangible fixed assets.
During the fourth quarter of 2000, Women.com
performed an impairment assessment of the identifiable intangible assets and
goodwill recorded upon the acquisitions of Wild Wild Web, Inc., HomeArts,
Internethoroscopes.com International, World Gaming Corporation and
EZSharing.com, Inc.
The assessment was performed primarily due to the
significant decline in Women.com's stock price since the date the shares
issued in

each acquisition were valued and the overall decline in internet advertising
growth.
As a result of this review Women.com recorded a $35.9 million
impairment charge for goodwill and other intangible assets.
The charge was
determined based upon estimated discounted cash flows using a discount rate of
20%.
The discount rate of 20% was based upon the weighted average estimated
cost of capital of Women.com.
The assumptions supporting the estimated cash
flows including the discount rate were determined using management's best
estimates.

   
As of December 31, 2000, Women.com identified certain tangible fixed assets
that are not currently being used in its operations and, therefore, have no
value to it.
The net book value of these assets, totaling $1.1 million, was
written off in the consolidated financial statements for the year ended
December 31, 2000.

   
Loss on investment.
Women.com acquired 1,142,857 shares of Series H
preferred stock of Medical Self Care, Inc. for approximately $4.0 million in
cash on February 2, 2000.
This investment has been accounted for using the
cost of method of accounting.
Women.com received notification of a general
assignment for the benefit of creditors and, as a result, management believes
this asset has been impaired.
Accordingly, the financial statements reflect a
$4.0 million loss on investment for the year ended December 31, 2000.

   
Other income, net.
Women.com reported other income, net of $3.6 million for
the year ended December 31, 2000 as compared to $1.4 million for the same
period in 1999.
Other income, net increased to $1.4 million in 1999 from
$539,000 in 1998.
Both increases were primarily due to higher cash balances in
connection with private and public sales of equity securities.

   
Income taxes.
No provision for federal and state income taxes has been
recorded as Women.com incurred net losses through December 31, 2000.
Women.com
has taken a valuation allowance on the full amount of the net operating loss
carry-forwards since it is likely the benefit will not be realized in the
future.

   
Women.com elected to be taxed as a partnership for the period beginning on
January 29, 1999, the date of formation of Women.com Networks LLC and ending
on the date of the merger of Women.com Networks and HomeArts in August 1999.

Federal and state tax effects of Women.com losses during this period were
recorded by the members of the LLC on their respective income tax returns.

   
Liquidity and Capital Resources

   Until its initial public offering in October 1999, which raised net proceeds
of approximately $38.6 million including the underwriter's over-allotment
option, Women.com financed its operations primarily through the private
placement of its convertible preferred stock.
As of December 31, 2000,
Women.com had $30.1 million of cash and cash equivalents and $1.5 million of
restricted cash.
The restricted cash was the collateral for a letter of credit
in connection with an operating lease.
In January 2001 the letter of credit
was not renewed and, under the terms of the operating lease, the landlord
exercised the right to request that the cash deposit collateralizing the
letter of credit be transferred to the landlord's bank account and held as a
security deposit on the lease.

   
In February 2001, Women.com entered into a definitive agreement whereby
iVillage would acquire all of the outstanding shares of Women.com.
This
transaction, if approved by the stockholders of Women.com and iVillage, is
expected to close during the second quarter of 2001 and will potentially have
a significant impact on the future operations of Women.com.
If the transaction
is not completed, Women.com will need to raise additional capital to fund its
2001 operations.
There can be no assurance that the transaction with iVillage
will be completed or that Women.com will be successful in raising additional
funding if the transaction is not completed.
The consolidated financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome
of this uncertainty.

   
Women.com believes that its existing cash and cash equivalents may not be
sufficient to meet its operating and capital requirements at their currently
anticipated level of operations beyond the end of the second quarter of 2001.

While Women.com may take appropriate actions to change its proposed operations
to stretch its current cash positions beyond the end of the second quarter of
2001, additional capital will be necessary to fund its operations at currently
anticipated levels beyond the second quarter of 2001.
There can be no
assurance that Women.com will be able to obtain additional funds, on
acceptable terms or at all.
If Women.com cannot raise additional capital on
acceptable terms, it will not be able to continue its present level of
operations and will have to scale back its business and may not be able to
further take advantage of future opportunities or respond to competitive
pressures, any of which could have a material adverse effect on its business
and results of operations.
These conditions raise substantial doubt about
Women.com's ability to continue as a going concern.

   
Women.com expects its operating losses to continue as it expands its network
and it will continue to invest in its infrastructure by making capital
expenditures.
As a result, Women.com expects to record losses during 2001.

   
If the transaction with iVillage is not completed, Women.com may attempt to
finance its future capital needs through some combination of commercial bank
borrowing, leasing, vendor financing and the sale of additional equity or debt
securities.
Women.com's capital requirements will vary based upon the timing
and success of implementation of its business plan and as a result of
competitive and technological developments, or if:

   o demand for its services or its cash flow from operations varies from
     projections;

   o its development plans or projections change or prove to be inaccurate;

   o Women.com makes any acquisitions;

   o Women.com accelerates deployment of its network or otherwise alters the
     schedule of targets of its business plan implementation.

   
Net cash used in operating activities increased to $42.9 million in 2000
from $34.5 million in 1999 and $11.7 million in 1998.
These increases were
primarily due to increased net losses offset in part by increased noncash
charges including amortization of intangibles and impairment of goodwill and
other intangible assets and abandonment of certain tangible assets in 2000
totaling $66.1 million.
Net cash used in operating activities in 1999 was
primarily related to the net loss for the year offset in part by noncash
charges of $20.5 million for amortization of intangibles.
Net cash used in
operating activities in 1998 was primarily related to the net loss for the
year offset in part by noncash charges of $1.2 million for stock-based
compensation.

   
Net cash used in investing activities increased to $16.1 million in 2000 as
compared to $3.6 million in 1999 and $1.1 million in 1998.
The net cash used
in investing activities in 2000 was related to acquisitions of property and
equipment related to Women.com's investment in technology infrastructure of
$9.2 million, the investment in Medical Self Care, Inc. of $4.0 million and
the acquisition of EZSharing.com of $2.0 million.
The net cash used in
investing activities in 1999 was due to the acquisition of World Gaming
Corporation for $9.2 million and purchases of property and equipment totaling
$7.2 million and was partially offset by $12.9 million of cash received from
Hearst in connection with the HomeArts and Astronet combination.

   
Net cash provided by financing activities decreased to $1.9 million in 2000
compared to $113.2 million in 1999 and $20.1 million in 1998.
1999 included
net proceeds from the issuance of common stock in both public and private
offerings of $113.1 million and 1998 included proceeds from the issuance of
Series D preferred stock of $20.0 million.

   
Recent Accounting Pronouncements

   In June 1998, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards No. 133, ("SFAS 133"), "Accounting for
Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities."
SFAS 133 establishes new
standards of accounting and reporting for derivative instruments and hedging
activities.
SFAS 133 requires that all derivatives be recognized at fair value
in the statement of financial position, and that the corresponding gains or
losses be reported either in the statement of operations or as a component of
comprehensive income, depending on the type of hedging relationship that
exists.
In July 1999, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued SFAS No.
137 ("SFAS 137"), "Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging
Activities - Deferral of the Effective Date of SFAS No. 133."
SFAS 137
deferred the effective date of SFAS 133 until the first fiscal quarter of the
fiscal year beginning after June 15, 2000.
The adoption of SFAS 133 and SFAS
137 is not expected to have a material effect on Women.com's financial
position or results of operations.

   
In December 1999, the SEC issued Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 101 ("SAB
101"), Revenue Recognition in Financial Statements."
SAB 101 summarizes
certain of the SEC's views in applying generally accepted accounting
principles to revenue recognition in financial statements.
Women.com was
required to adopt SAB 101 in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2000.
The adoption
of SAB 101 did not have a material effect on Women.com's financial position or
results of operations.

   
In March 2000, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued FASB
Interpretation No. 44 ("FIN 44"), "Accounting for Certain Transactions
Involving Stock Compensation an Interpretation of APB 25."
FIN 44

becomes effective July 1, 2000, but certain conclusions cover specific events
that occur after either December 15, 1998 or January 12, 2000.
The adoption of
FIN 44 did not have a material effect on Women.com's financial position or
results of operations.

   
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk

   Women.com maintains its cash equivalents in an institutional money market
fund.
As of December 31, 2000 all of Women.com's cash equivalent investments
will mature in three months or less.
Women.com did not hold derivative
financial instruments as of December 31, 2000 and has never held any such
instruments.
Currently all sales and expenses are denominated in U.S. dollars
and as a result no foreign exchange gains or losses have been experienced to
date.
Women.com Networks does not expect any transactions in foreign
currencies during 2001 nor has it engaged in foreign currency hedging to date.


Principal Stockholders of Women.com

   The following table sets forth certain information regarding the ownership
of Women.com's common stock as of February 28, 2001 by: (i) each director and
nominee for director; (ii) each of the executive officers of Women.com; (iii)
all executive officers and directors of Women.com as a group; and (iv) all
those known by Women.com to be beneficial owners of more than five percent of
its common stock.

                                           
Number of Shares      Percentage of
Name and Address of Beneficial Owners        Beneficially        Common Stock
- -------------------------------------           Owned         Beneficially Owned
                                           ----------------   ------------------

Hearst Communications, Inc.(1) ........       
21,576,447             45.7%
 The Hearst Corporation
 959 Eighth Avenue
 New York, NY 10019
Marleen McDaniel(2)
...................        1,204,889              2.5
Barry Weinman(3) ......................        1,646,145              3.5
William Miller(4) .....................           
17,500                *
James Asher ...........................           12,300                *
Cathleen Black ........................            1,000                *
Alfred Sikes(5) .......................            3,000                *
Mark Miller ...........................               --               --
David Galloway(6) .....................        1,376,000              2.9
Ellen Pack(7) .........................          932,189              2.0
Gina Garrubbo(8) ......................          255,831                *
Greg Panawek ..........................               --               --
A. Erin Ruane(9) ......................           71,177                *
All executive officers and directors
as a group (12 persons)(10) ...........        5,520,031             11.4

- ---------------
   * Less than one percent.

     
This table is based upon information supplied by officers, directors and
     principal stockholders and Schedules 13D and 13G filed with the
     Securities and Exchange Commission.
Unless otherwise indicated in the
     footnotes to this table and subject to community property laws where
     applicable, Women.com believes that each of the stockholders named in
     this table has sole voting and investment power with respect to the
     shares indicated as beneficially owned.
Applicable percentages are based
     on 47,253,399 shares outstanding on February 28, 2001, adjusted as
     required by rules promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission.

 
(1) The Hearst Family Trust is the sole stockholder of The Hearst
     Corporation.
Hearst Communications, Inc. is a wholly-owned indirect
     subsidiary of The Hearst Corporation.

 
(2) Includes 834,885 shares issuable upon exercise of options exercisable
     within 60 days of February 28, 2001.

 
(3) Includes 231,933 shares held by Associated Venture Investors III, L.P.,
     1,395,775 shares held by AVI Capital, L.P. and 15,937 shares held by AVI
     Silicon Valley Partners, L.P. Mr. Weinman, a director of Women.com, is a
     member of AVI Management Partners III, L.P., which the General Partner of
     Associated Venture Investors III, L.P., AVI Capital, L.P. and AVI Silicon
     Valley Partners, L.P. Mr. Weinman disclaims

     beneficial ownership of shares held by such entities except for his
     proportional interest therein.
Also includes 2,500 shares held by Mr.
     Weinman's spouse.
 
(4) Includes 2,500 shares held in a trust for the benefit of Mr. Miller and
     15,000 shares issuable upon exercise of options exercisable within 60
     days of January 31, 2001.
 
(5) Includes 500 shares held by Mr. Sikes' spouse.
 
(6) Includes 1,375,000 shares held by Torstar Corporation.
David Galloway is
     the President and Chief Executive Officer of Torstar Corporation.
Mr.
     Galloway does not have voting or investment power over the shares held by
     Torstar and disclaims beneficial ownership of such shares.

 
(7) Includes 306,871  shares issuable upon exercise of options exercisable
     within 60 days of February 28, 2001.
 
(8) Includes 118,332  shares issuable upon exercise of options exercisable
     within 60 days of February 28, 2001.
 (9) Includes 59,716 shares issuable upon exercise of options exercisable
     within 60 days of February 28, 2001.


(10) Includes the shares described in footnotes (2) through (9).


Certain Transactions

   Since January 2000, Women.com has been a party to several transactions in
which the amount involved exceeded $60,000 and in which the following persons
had a direct or indirect material interest:

   o any of Women.com's directors or executive officers;

   o any nominee for election as one of Women.com's directors;

   o any person or entity who is known by Women.com to own beneficially more
     than five percent (5%) of Women.com's outstanding stock; or

   o any member of the immediate family of any of the foregoing persons.

   
These transactions include:

   On January 27, 1999, Women.com Networks and Hearst Communications entered
into a magazine content license and hosting agreement relating to the
production and hosting of Web sites for various Hearst Communications
magazines and the license of Hearst Communications intellectual property
rights.
This magazine content license and hosting agreement was subsequently
amended and restated on January 29, 2001.
Pursuant to the amended and restated
magazine content license and hosting agreement between Women.com and Hearst
Communications, Women.com and Hearst Communications have incorporated into
Women.com's network of websites several websites affiliated with various
magazines owned and published by Hearst Communications, including the U.S.
editions of Cosmopolitan, Country Living, Good Housekeeping, House Beautiful,
Redbook, and Town & Country.
Under this agreement, Women.com hosts, develops,
and promotes the magazine-related websites described above and has on-line
distribution rights to the content published on those websites.
For such
services, Hearst Communications pays Women.com service fees and Women.com
shares with Hearst Communications a portion of advertising and e-commerce
revenue generated from the Hearst magazine-related websites.
This agreement
has an initial term that ends on January 27, 2005 and it automatically renews
for three consecutive six-year terms absent notice from one party to the other
of an intention not to renew.
Mr. Asher, Ms. Black, Mr. Miller and Mr. Sikes,
board members of Women.com, are the Vice President and Chief Legal and
Development Officer of Hearst Communications, the President of Hearst
Magazines, the Executive Vice President and General Manager of Hearst
Magazines, and the President of Hearst New Media & Technology, a unit of
Hearst, respectively.
Hearst Communications owns approximately 46% of
outstanding Women.com common stock.

   
In June 1999, Women.com Networks LLC, the predecessor in interest to
Women.com, entered into a website hosting and development agreement with
Torstar Corporation and its subsidiary, Harlequin Enterprises Limited,
pursuant to which Women.com produced and hosted a web site for which Harlequin
was the primary content provider.
On July 1, 2000, Harlequin Enterprises and
Women.com entered into a Website Transition Agreement whereby the original
Website Hosting and Development Agreement terminated and the hosting and
maintenance of the Harlequin website was transitioned back to Harlequin.
Mr.
Galloway, the Chief Executive Officer of Torstar, is a member of Women.com's
board of directors.

   
In December 2000, Women.com entered into a separation and consulting
agreement with David Brandin, a former executive officer of Women.com.

Pursuant to this agreement, Mr. Brandin's employment relationship with
Women.com was terminated and he was retained as a consultant to Women.com for
a period of six months.

   
In August 2000, Women.com entered into an advertising and promotion
agreement with Lifetime Entertainment Services under which Women.com agreed to
purchase advertising on the Lifetime Television Network.
Concurrent with the
advertising and promotion agreement, Lifetime agreed to purchase 2,250,204
shares of Women.com common stock for the aggregate purchase price of $8.6
million.
These agreements originally provided that Lifetime would purchase the
shares of Women.com common stock on January 1, 2001 and Women.com would
commence purchasing advertising on the Lifetime Television Network on January
1, 2001.
Women.com and Lifetime have orally agreed to postpone their
respective obligations under these agreements.
In the event that Women.com and
Lifetime agree to perform under the advertising and promotion agreement and
related stock purchase agreement, Lifetime will have the right to terminate
both agreements within 90 days following completion of the merger with
iVillage.
Hearst Communications indirectly owns a 50% interest in Lifetime
Entertainment Services.
Hearst Communications owns approximately 46% of
outstanding Women.com common stock and Mr. Asher, Ms. Black, Mr. Miller and
Mr. Sikes, board members of Women.com, serve in various management roles for
entities affiliated with Hearst Communications.

   
In June 2000, Women.com Ventures Limited, a company incorporated in England
and wholly-owned subsidiary of Women.com, entered into a joint venture with
Nat Mag Ventures Limited, a subsidiary of Hearst Communications, for the
creation and promotion of a website aimed principally at women in the United
Kingdom, "UK.Women.com."
According to the terms of this joint venture, Hearst
Communications is to contribute capital and licensed content, and Women.com is
to contribute licensed content and Internet expertise.

              
UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                              FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

   
The following unaudited pro forma combined condensed consolidated financial
statements have been prepared to give effect to the acquisition of Women.com
by iVillage including the receipt of $20.0 million in cash from Women.com
stockholders and Hearst Communications in connection with the concurrent
rights offering and are based upon the historical results of Women.com and
iVillage, and the preliminary estimates and assumptions have been made solely
for the purposes of developing this pro forma information.
The unaudited pro
forma combined condensed consolidated financial statements are not necessarily
indicative of the results that would have been achieved had these transactions
been consummated as of the dates indicated or that which may be achieved in
the future.

   
The unaudited pro forma combined condensed consolidated balance sheet and
unaudited pro forma combined condensed consolidated statements of operations
and the accompanying notes thereto should be read in conjunction with the
historical financial statements of iVillage and Women.com and notes thereto.

   
The unaudited pro forma combined condensed consolidated balance sheet as of
December 31, 2000 gives effect to these transactions as if such transactions
had occurred on December 31, 2000.

   
The unaudited pro forma combined condensed consolidated statement of
operations for the year ended December 31, 2000 gives effect to these
transactions as if such transactions had occurred on January 1, 2000.

   
The allocation of the purchase price to the assets and liabilities acquired
are preliminary.
However, in management's opinion no material allocation
adjustments will be required in recording the final allocation amounts for the
merger.
Final allocations will be based on appraisal or other analyses of fair
value.

                         
iVILLAGE INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
       UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET

                               December 31, 2000
                                 (in thousands)

                                                  iVillage Inc.
                                                       and                      Pro Forma
                                                   Subsidiaries    Women.com   Adjustments    Pro Forma
                                                  -------------    ---------   -----------    ---------

Assets
Current assets:
 Cash and cash equivalents....................      $  48,963      $  30,135    $    (250)1(a)$  95,748
                                                                                   (3,000)1(b)
                                                                                   19,900 1(f)
 Accounts receivable, net.....................          7,864          6,660           --        14,524
 Other current assets.........................          9,700          3,111           --        12,811
                                                  -------------    ---------   -----------    ---------
    Total current assets......................         66,527         39,906       16,650       123,083
Restricted cash...............................          9,250          1,520           --        10,770
Fixed assets, net.............................         20,057         12,700       (9,894) 1(c)  22,863
Goodwill and other intangible assets, net.....         36,432             --           --        36,432
Other assets..................................            137          3,800       (2,960) 1(c)     977
Non-current assets of discontinued operations.             
56             --           --            56
                                                  -------------    ---------   -----------    ---------
    Total assets..............................      $ 132,459      $  57,926    $   3,796     $ 194,181
                                                  =============    =========   ===========    =========
Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity
Current liabilities:
 Accounts payable and accrued expenses........      $  18,695      $   7,904        5,000  1(c$  31,599
 Deferred revenue.............................          
6,337          2,632           --         8,969
 Deferred rent................................            361             --           --           361
 Net current liabilities of discontinued
   operations.................................            882             --           --           882
                                                  -------------    ---------   -----------    ---------
Total current liabilities.....................         
26,275         10,536        5,000        41,811
Deferred rent, net of current portion.........          4,818             --           --         4,818
                                                  -------------    ---------   -----------    ---------
    Total liabilities.........................         
31,093         10,536        5,000        46,629
Commitments and contingencies
Stockholders' equity:
 Preferred stock..............................             --             --           --            --
 Common stock.................................            
297             47          (47)1(d)      542
                                                                                      152 1(e)
                                                                                       93 1(f)

Additional paid-in capital....................        
495,758        252,465       (3,000)1(b)  541,699
                                                                                 (252,465)1(d)
                                                                                   29,134 1(e)
                                                                                   19,807 1(f)
Accumulated deficit...........................       (384,316)      (204,213)     204,213 1(d) (384,316)
Stockholders' notes receivable................         (7,148)           (44)          44 1(d)   (7,148)
Unearned compensation and deferred advertising         (3,225)          (865)         865 1(d)   (3,225)
                                                  -------------    ---------   -----------    ---------
    Total stockholders' equity................        101,366         47,390       (1,204)      147,552
                                                  -------------    ---------   -----------    ---------
    Total liabilities and stockholders'
     equity...................................      $ 132,459      $  57,926    $   3,796     $ 194,181
                                                  =============    =========   ===========    =========

                         iVILLAGE INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
              UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                            STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

                          YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2000
                    (in thousands, except per share amounts)

                                                        iVillage Inc.
                                                             and                      Pro Forma
                                                         Subsidiaries    Women.com   Adjustments            Pro Forma
                                                        -------------    ---------   -----------           
----------

Revenue .............................................   $    76,352      $  43,647   $      --             $  119,999
Operating expenses:
 Editorial, product development and technology ......        
35,327         40,447          --                 75,774
 Sales and marketing ................................        
54,098         45,954          --                100,052
 General and administrative .........................        
22,634         11,918          --                 34,552
 Depreciation and amortization ......................        
37,681         29,138          --      2(a)       66,819
 Impairment of goodwill .............................        
98,056         36,933          --                134,989
                                                          ---------      ---------      ------             
----------
Total operating expenses ............................       247,796        164,390          --                412,186
                                                          ---------      ---------      ------             
----------
Loss from operations ................................      
(171,444)      (120,743)         --               (292,187)
Interest income, net ................................         
5,261             --          --                  5,261
Other income, net ...................................           
595          3,552          --                  4,147
Write-down of note receivable and
 investments ........................................       (13,496)        (4,000)         --                (17,496)
Loss from affiliate .................................          (422)            --          --                   (422)
                                                          ---------      
---------      ------             
----------
Net loss attributable to common
 stockholders from continuing
 operations .........................................   $  (179,506)     $(121,191)         --             $ (300,697)
                                                          ---------      ---------      ------             ----------
Pro forma basic and diluted net
 loss per share from
 continuing operations ..............................   $     (6.05)                        --             $    (5.55)
                                                          =========                                        ==========
Weighted average shares of
 common stock outstanding
 used in computing pro forma
 basic and diluted net loss per
 share from continuing
 operations .........................................        
29,683                     15,214      2(b)       54,221
                                                          =========                                        ==========
                                                                                         9,324      2(b)
                                                                                        
======

                         iVILLAGE INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

     Notes to Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Condensed Consolidated Financial
                                   Statements
                       (in thousands, except share data)

1.   
The pro forma adjustments to the unaudited pro forma combined condensed
     consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2000 are as follows:

     a)   Adjustment to cash for the cash portion of the acquisition price of
          approximately $250.

     
b)   Adjustment to cash for estimated closing costs of $3.0 million in
          connection with the acquisition of Women.com.

     c)   
Adjustment to fixed assets, goodwill and other assets to reflect the
          excess of the fair value of the net assets acquired over the
          purchase price, calculated as follows:

      Cash portion of purchase price ................................   $    250
      Value of stock portion of purchase price ......................     
29,286
                                                                        --------
      Purchase price ................................................     29,536
      Fair value of net assets to be acquired .......................     42,390
                                                                        --------
      Negative goodwill .............................................    (12,854)
      Reduction of fair value of fixed assets .......................      9,894
      Reduction of fair value of other assets .......................      2,960
                                                                        --------
      Negative goodwill .............................................   $     --
                                                                        ========

        o
The value of the common stock to be issued in connection with the
          acquisition was estimated as $1.93, the average value of the
          iVillage common stock surrounding the date the terms of the
          acquisition were agreed to and announced.

        
o
The fair value of net assets to be acquired is Women.com's
          stockholders' equity balance of $47,390, less an estimated $5,000
          severance and retention plan for Women.com employees.

   
The allocation of the purchase price to the assets and liabilities acquired
are preliminary.
Final allocations will be based on appraisal or other
analyses of fair values.
The final allocation may differ from the amounts
above.
It is anticipated that no negative goodwill will exist in the final
purchase price allocation due to an anticipated reduction in the working
capital balance of Women.com prior to the date of closing.

     
d)   
Adjustment to reflect the elimination of Women.com's stockholders'
          equity balances.

     
e)   Adjustment to reflect the issuance of approximately 15,214,000
          shares of iVillage common stock for the acquisition.

     
f)   
Adjustment to reflect cash received from Hearst Communications and
          Women.com's other public stockholders through a registered rights
          offering, less anticipated expenses and the issuance of
          approximately 9,324,000 shares, and warrants to purchase an
          additional 2,100,000 shares, of iVillage common stock.


2.   
The pro forma adjustments to the unaudited pro forma combined condensed
     consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2000
     are as follows:

     a)   
An adjustment to reflect the reduction of depreciation expense due
          to the above calculated reduction in the fair value of Women.com
          fixed assets was not recorded due to an anticipated lower working
          capital balance by the date of closing which likely result in no
          reduction in fixed assets.

     
b)   Adjustment to the weighted average shares of common stock
          outstanding used in computing basic and diluted net loss per share
          to reflect the issuance of approximately 15,214,000 shares of common
          stock in connection with the acquisition of Women.com, and
          approximately 9,324,000 shares issued to Hearst Communications and
          Women.com's other public stockholders in connection with the
          registered rights offering.

                              
THE RIGHTS OFFERING

   The following describes the rights offering in general and assumes that you
are a record holder of Women.com common stock on April 16, 2001.
If you hold
your shares of Women.com common stock in a brokerage account or through a
dealer or other nominee, please see "Beneficial Owners" below.


The Rights

   If you are a record holder of Women.com's common stock on April 16, 2001,
iVillage is distributing to you, at no charge, one right for each share of
Women.com's common stock that you owned on April 16, 2001.
The rights are not
transferable and may not be sold.
Each right will entitle the holder to
purchase ________ of a share of iVillage's common stock and a warrant to
purchase __________ of a share of iVillage's common stock for a subscription
price of $_________ per right.
iVillage is not issuing fractional shares or
warrants to purchase a fraction of a share and iVillage will not pay cash in
lieu of fractional rights.
All fractions shall be rounded down to the nearest
whole share.

   
If the merger is completed, Hearst Communications, the holder of
approximately 46% of the outstanding shares of Women.com common stock, has
agreed to purchase up to 9,324,000 shares of iVillage common stock and a
warrant to purchase up to 2,100,000 shares of iVillage common stock for an
aggregate purchase price of up to $20.0 million, except that the number of
shares of common stock and warrants, and the purchase price payable by Hearst
Communications, will be reduced by the number of shares of common stock and
warrants, if any, purchased by, and the aggregate amount received from,
Women.com stockholders other than Hearst Communications in the rights
offering.

   
The shares that you may purchase under your rights are in addition to the
shares of iVillage common stock that are to be distributed to Women.com's
stockholders in exchange for their shares of Women.com common stock upon the
closing of the merger.

   
iVillage is sending a subscription agreement to each record holder of
Women.com common stock along with this prospectus and related instructions, to
evidence the rights.
In order to exercise your rights you must fill out and
sign the appropriate subscription agreement and timely deliver it with full
payment for the rights exercised.


Terms of the Warrants

   The warrants will have an exercise price of $0.01 per share and will be
exercisable at any time after the date of issuance until December 31, 2004 but
only if the average closing price of iVillage's common stock has exceeded
$3.75 per share on any fifteen consecutive trading days.
The holder of a
warrant will have 30 days after notification in writing from iVillage of the
satisfaction of this condition in which to exercise the warrant.
iVillage
cannot assure you when, or if, the market price for its common stock will
exceed the required $3.75 per share market price threshold for exercising the
warrants.

   
The terms of the warrants may be amended, modified or waived with the
consent of the holders of at least a majority of the shares issuable upon
exercise of all warrants issued in the rights offering then outstanding.
The
warrants to be purchased by Hearst Communications may be amended, modified or
waived with the consent of iVillage and Hearst Communications.
This is the
only material difference between the warrants issuable in connection with
rights offering and the warrants to be purchased by Hearst Communications.


Expiration of the Rights

   You may exercise your rights at any time before 5:00 p.m., New York City
time, on May 23, 2001, the expiration date for the rights.
iVillage may, in
iVillage's sole discretion, extend the time for exercising the rights.
If you
do not exercise your rights before the expiration date, your unexercised
rights will be null and void.
iVillage will not be obligated to honor your
exercise of rights if the subscription agent receives the documents relating
to your exercise after the expiration date of the rights, regardless of when
you transmitted the documents.
iVillage may extend the expiration date by
giving oral or written notice to the subscription agent on or before the
scheduled expiration date.
If iVillage elects to extend the expiration date of
the rights, iVillage will issue a press release announcing the extension no
later than 9:00 a.m., New York City time, on the next business day after the
most recently announced expiration date.

   
To exercise rights in a timely manner, you must assure that the subscription
agent actually receives, prior to expiration of the rights, the properly
executed and completed subscription agreement, together with full payment for
all rights you wish to exercise.


No Revocation

   Once you have exercised your rights, you may not revoke your exercise.

Rights not exercised on or before May 23, 2001 will expire.


Conditions to the Offering

   If the merger does not close for any reason, including the failure to
satisfy applicable conditions specified in the merger agreement, the rights
offering will be canceled.
For a description of the conditions to the closing
of the merger, see "The Merger Agreement - Conditions to the Merger."
In
addition, iVillage is not obligated to complete the rights offering if at any
time before completion of the offering there is any statute, law or regulation
entered, enacted, amended or held to be applicable to the offering that in the
sole judgment of iVillage's board of directors would or might make the
offering or its completion illegal or otherwise restrict or prohibit
completion of the offering.
If iVillage terminates the rights offering, all
rights will expire without value and all subscription payments received by the
subscription agent will be returned promptly, without interest or deduction.

The rights offering is not conditioned on any minimum number of shares being
purchased.


Method of Subscription - Exercise of Rights

   You may exercise your rights by delivering the following to the subscription
agent, at or before 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on May 23, 2001, the date
on which the rights expire:

   o
Your properly completed and executed subscription agreement with any
     required signature guarantees or other supplemental documentation; and

   o Your full subscription price payment for each right exercised.

   
Please do not send subscription agreements or related forms to iVillage.

Please send the properly completed and executed form of subscription agreement
with full payment to the subscription agent.

   
You should read carefully the forms of subscription agreement and related
instructions and forms which accompany this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

You should call the subscription agent at (888) 509-5587 promptly with any
questions you may have.


Required Forms of Payment

   Your payment of the subscription price must be made in U.S. dollars for the
full number of rights you are subscribing for by either:

   o Check or bank draft drawn upon a U.S. bank or postal, telegraphic or
     express money order payable to the subscription agent; or

   o Wire transfer of immediately available funds, to the subscription account
     maintained by the subscription agent at JP Chase, ABA No. 021000021,
     Account No. 610019805, further credit to Continental Stock -- Misc.
     
Agency Account -- iVillage Inc., Attention: Reorganization Department.


Receipt of Payment

   Your payment will be considered received by the subscription agent only
upon:

   o Clearance of any uncertified check;

   o Receipt by the subscription agent of any certified check or bank draft
     drawn on a U.S. bank or of any postal, telegraphic or express money
     order; or

   o Receipt of collected funds in the subscription account designated above.


Clearance of Uncertified Checks

   If you are paying by uncertified personal check, please note that
uncertified checks may take at least five business days to clear.
If you wish
to pay the subscription price by uncertified personal check, iVillage urges
you to make payment sufficiently in advance of the time the rights expire to
ensure that your payment is received and cleared by that time.
iVillage is not
responsible for any delay in payment by you and suggests that you use a
certified or cashier's check, money order or wire transfer of funds to avoid
missing the opportunity to exercise your rights.


Special Procedure under "Notice of Guaranteed Delivery" Form

    If you wish to exercise rights but cannot ensure that the subscription
agent will actually receive the executed subscription agreement before the
expiration of the rights, you may alternatively exercise rights by causing all
of the following to occur within the time prescribed:

   o Full payment must be received by the subscription agent prior to the
     expiration time for all rights you desire to exercise.

   
o
A properly executed Notice of Guaranteed Delivery substantially in the
     form distributed by iVillage with your subscription agreement must be
     received by the subscription agent at or prior to the expiration time.

   
o The Notice of Guaranteed Delivery must be executed by both you and one of
     the following: a member firm of a registered national securities
     exchange, an NASD member, a commercial bank or trust company having an
     office or correspondent in the United States, or other eligible guarantor
     institution qualified under a guarantee program acceptable to the
     subscription agent.
The co-signing institution must guarantee in the
     Notice of Guaranteed Delivery that the subscription agreement will be
     delivered to the subscription agent within three NYSE trading days after
     the date of the form.
You must also provide in that form other relevant
     details concerning the intended exercise of rights.

   
o
The properly completed subscription agreement(s) with any required
     signature guarantee must be received by the subscription agent within
     three NYSE trading days following the date of the related Notice of
     Guaranteed Delivery.

   
o
If your shares are held in "street name" by a broker or other nominee,
     the "Nominee Holder Certification" must also accompany the Notice of
     Guaranteed Delivery.

   
A Notice of Guaranteed Delivery may be delivered to the subscription agent
in the same manner as subscription agreements at the address set forth below
under "The Rights Offering- Delivery of Subscription Materials and Payment,"
or may be delivered by telegram or facsimile transmission (telecopier no.
(212) 616-7610).
To confirm facsimile deliveries, please call (888) 509-5587.

Additional copies of the form of Notice of Guaranteed Delivery are available
upon request from the subscription agent.


Delivery of Subscription Materials and Payment

   You should deliver your subscription agreement to the subscription agent by
mail, hand delivery or overnight courier to:

          Continental Stock Transfer and Trust Company
          2 Broadway
          New York, New York 10004
          Attention: Reorganization Department

   Unless you elect to make your payment of the subscription price by wire
transfer, you should include your check or bank draft with the subscription
agreement.
Your delivery to an address other than the address set forth above
will not constitute valid delivery.


Calculation of Rights Exercised

   If you do not indicate the number of rights being exercised, or do not
forward full payment of the subscription price payment for the number of
rights that you indicate are being exercised, then you will be deemed to have
exercised the maximum number of rights that may be exercised with the
aggregate subscription price payment you deliver to the subscription agent.
If
your aggregate subscription price payment is greater than the amount you owe
iVillage for your subscription, iVillage will return the excess amount to you
by mail, without interest or deduction, as soon as practicable after the
rights offering is completed.


Your Funds Will be Held by the Subscription Agent Until Expiration of the
Subscription Period

   
The subscription agent will hold your payment of the subscription price in a
segregated account with other payments received from other rights holders
until iVillage issues your stock certificates and warrants to you.

   
If you exercise rights, you will have no rights as a stockholder of iVillage
until certificates representing shares you purchased are issued.
Unless
otherwise instructed in your subscription agreement, shares and warrants
purchased by the exercise of rights will be registered in the name of the
person exercising the rights.


Signature Guarantee may be Required

   Your signature on the subscription agreement must be guaranteed by an
eligible institution, such as a member firm of a registered national
securities exchange or a member of the National Association of Securities
Dealers, Inc., or from a commercial bank or trust company having an office or
correspondent in the United States, subject to standards and procedures
adopted by the subscription agent, unless:

   o your subscription agreement provides that shares and warrants are to be
     delivered to you as record holder of those rights; or

   o you are an eligible institution.


Notice to Beneficial Holders

   If you are a broker, a trustee or a depositary for securities who holds
shares of Women.com's common stock for the account of others on the record
date, you should notify the beneficial owners of those shares of the rights
offering as soon as possible to find out their intentions with respect to
exercising their rights.
Beneficial owners are the owners of shares held in
the name of a broker, trustee or depository for securities.
You should obtain
instructions from the beneficial owners with respect to exercise of their
rights, as set forth in the instructions iVillage has provided to you for your
distribution to beneficial owners.
If a beneficial owner so instructs, you
should complete the appropriate subscription agreement and submit it to the
subscription agent with the proper payment.
If you hold shares of Women.com's
common stock for the account of more than one beneficial owner, you may
exercise the number of rights to which all beneficial owners in the aggregate
otherwise would have been entitled had they been direct record holders of
Women.com's common stock on the record date, if you, as a nominee record
holder, make a proper showing to the subscription agent by submitting the form
entitled "Nominee Holder Certification," which iVillage will provide to you
with your offering materials.


Beneficial Owners

   
If you are a beneficial owner of shares of Women.com's common stock or will
receive your rights through a broker, custodian bank or other nominee,
iVillage will ask your broker, custodian bank or other nominee to notify you
of this rights offering.
If you wish to exercise your rights, you will need to
have your broker, custodian bank or other nominee act for you.
If you hold
certificates of Women.com's common stock directly and would prefer to have
your broker, custodian bank or other nominee exercise your rights, you should
contact your nominee and request it to effect the transactions for you.
To
indicate your decision with respect to your rights, you should complete and
return to your broker, custodian bank or other nominee the form entitled
"Beneficial Owners Election Form," together with your payment of the
subscription price of the rights you wish to exercise.
You should receive this
form from your broker, custodian bank or other nominee with the other offering
materials.
If you wish to obtain a separate subscription agreement, you should
contact the nominee as soon as possible and request that a separate
subscription agreement be provided to you.


Instructions for Completing Your Notice of Exercise of Rights

   You should read and follow the instructions accompanying the subscription
agreement carefully.
If you want to exercise your rights, you should send your
subscription agreement with your subscription price payment to the
subscription agent.
Do not send your subscription agreement and subscription
price payment to iVillage.

   
You are responsible for the method of delivery of your subscription
agreement with your subscription price payment to the subscription agent.
If
you send your subscription agreement and subscription price payment by mail,
iVillage recommends that you send them by registered mail, properly insured,
with return receipt requested.
You should allow a sufficient number of days to
ensure delivery to the subscription agent before the time the rights expire.

Because uncertified personal checks may take at least five business days to
clear, you are strongly urged to pay, or arrange for payment, by means of
certified or cashier's check, money order or wire transfer of funds.


Determinations Regarding the Exercise of Your Rights

   iVillage will decide all questions concerning the timeliness, validity, form
and eligibility of your exercise of your rights and iVillage's determinations
will be final and binding.
iVillage, in its sole discretion, may waive any
defect or irregularity, or permit a defect or irregularity to be corrected
within such time as iVillage may determine.
iVillage may reject the exercise
of any of your rights because of any defect or irregularity.
iVillage will not
receive or accept any subscription until all irregularities have been waived
by iVillage or cured by you within such time as iVillage decides, in its sole
discretion.

   
Neither iVillage nor the subscription agent will be under any duty to notify
you of any defect or irregularity in connection with your submission of a
subscription agreement and iVillage will not be liable for any failure to
notify you of any defect or irregularity.
iVillage reserves the right to
reject your exercise of rights if your exercise is not in accordance with the
terms of the offering or in proper form.
iVillage will also not accept your
exercise of rights if iVillage's issuance of shares of iVillage's common stock
to you could be deemed unlawful under applicable law.


Expenses; Subscription Agent

   iVillage has appointed Continental Stock Transfer and Trust Company as
subscription agent for the rights offering.
iVillage will pay its fees and
other expenses related to the rights offering up to $100,000.
Any fees related
to the rights offering in excess of $100,000, will be paid by Hearst
Communications.
iVillage also has agreed to indemnify the subscription agent
for some of the liabilities that it may incur in connection with the rights
offering.


Procedures for DTC Participants

   iVillage expects that rights will be eligible for transfer through, and that
your exercise of your rights may be made through, the facilities of the
Depository Trust Company, or "DTC".
If your rights are held of record through
DTC, you may exercise your rights by instructing DTC to transfer your rights
from your account to the account of the subscription agent, together with
certification as to the aggregate number of rights you are exercising, if any,
and your subscription price payment for the rights you elect to exercise.


Extensions and Termination

   iVillage may extend the rights offering and the period for exercising your
rights, in iVillage's sole discretion.
If the merger is not consummated,
iVillage will terminate the rights offering in its entirety and refund all
funds received from the exercise of rights, as described under "The Rights
Offering - Conditions to the Offering."
With the prior consent of Hearst
Communications, iVillage may withdraw the rights offering prior to the
expiration date of the rights offering.
Any withdrawal of the rights offering
without Hearst Communications' prior consent (other than a withdrawal due to
the rights offering violating any law) would constitute a breach of iVillage's
obligation under the amended and restated securities purchase agreement and
Hearst Communications would not be obligated to make its $20.0 million
investment under the amended and restated securities purchase agreement.
If
iVillage withdraws the rights offering at any time prior to the expiration
date and for any reason, all

funds received in the rights offering will be returned to those persons who
subscribed for shares in the rights offering.


No Recommendation to Holders of Rights or Others

   Neither iVillage's board of directors nor Women.com's board of directors is
making any recommendations as to whether or not you should exercise your
rights.
You should decide whether to subscribe for your rights based upon your
own assessment of your best interests in consultation with your legal and
financial advisors.


Foreign and Other Stockholders

   A subscription agreement will be mailed to rights holders whose addresses
are outside the United States or who have an Army Post Office or Fleet Post
Office address.
To exercise those rights, you must notify the subscription
agent, and take all other steps that are necessary to exercise your rights on
or before the expiration date of the rights.
If the procedures set forth in
the preceding sentence are not followed before the expiration date your rights
will expire.


Regulatory Limitation

   iVillage will not be required to issue to you shares of iVillage's common
stock or a warrant to purchase common stock pursuant to the rights offering
if, in iVillage's opinion, you would be required to obtain prior clearance or
approval from any state or federal regulatory authorities to own or control
the shares and if, at the time the rights expire, you have not obtained that
clearance or approval.


Issuance of Common Stock and Warrants

   The subscription agent will issue to you certificates representing shares of
iVillage's common stock and the warrants you purchase under the rights
offering as soon as practicable after the time the rights expire.
Your payment
of the aggregate subscription price will be retained by the subscription agent
and will not be delivered to iVillage until your subscription is accepted and
you are issued your stock certificates and warrants.
iVillage will not pay you
any interest on funds paid to the subscription agent, regardless of whether
the funds are applied to the subscription price or returned to you.
You will
have no rights as a stockholder of iVillage, with respect to shares of
iVillage's common stock subscribed for, until certificates representing the
shares are issued to you.
Upon iVillage's issuance of the certificates, you
will be deemed the owner of the shares you purchased by exercise of your
rights.
Unless otherwise instructed in the subscription agreement, your
certificates for shares and the warrants issued pursuant to your exercise of
rights will be registered in your name.

   
If the offering is not completed for any reason, the subscription agent will
promptly return, without interest, all funds received by it.
iVillage will
retain any interest earned on the funds held by the subscription agent.


Compliance with State Regulations Pertaining to the Rights Offering

   iVillage is not making the offering in any state or other jurisdiction in
which it is unlawful to do so.
iVillage will not sell or accept an offer to
purchase its securities from you if you are a resident of any state or other
jurisdiction in which the sale or offer of the rights would be unlawful.

iVillage may delay the commencement of the offering in certain states or other
jurisdictions to comply with their laws.
iVillage does not expect that there
will be any changes in the terms of the offering.
However, iVillage may
decide, in its sole discretion, not to modify the terms of the offering as may
be requested by certain states or other jurisdictions.
If that happens and you
are a resident of the state or jurisdiction that requests the modification,
you will not be eligible to participate in the offering.


No Adjustment to Outstanding Stock Options or Other Stock Awards

   Women.com will not, solely as a result of the rights offering, adjust the
number of shares of common stock reserved for issuance under its stock award
plans for employees and other eligible participants or the number of shares
subject to outstanding awards of stock options or awards of restricted stock.


Certain Federal Income Tax Consequences

   The following are the material United States federal income tax consequences
of the rights offering, assuming that you are a United States person and that
you will hold your rights and the shares of iVillage common stock received on
exercise thereof as capital assets.
The following discussion is based on the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, applicable Treasury regulations, administrative
rulings and court decisions currently in effect, all of which are subject to
change at any time, possibly with retroactive effect.
This discussion does not
address all aspects of United States federal income taxation that may be
important to you in light of your particular circumstances, or if you are
subject to special rules, such as rules relating to:

   o Women.com stockholders who are not citizens or residents of the United
     States;

   o financial institutions;

   o tax-exempt organizations;

   o insurance companies;

   o mutual funds;

   o dealers in securities;

   o stockholders of Women.com who acquired their shares of Women.com stock by
     exercising employee stock options or rights or otherwise as compensation;
     and

   o stockholders who held their shares of Women.com common stock as
     "qualified small business stock" under Section 1202 of the Internal
     Revenue Code or as part of a hedge, straddle or a constructive sale or
     conversion transaction.

   
Distribution Rights.
The rights distributed to owners of Women.com common
stock should be treated as additional consideration received in the merger in
an amount equal to the fair market value of the rights on the date of
distribution, if any.
See "Material Federal Income Tax Consequences of the
Merger" for a discussion of the federal income tax consequences of the merger.

Under current market conditions, the rights are not anticipated to have any
material value on the date of distribution.

   
Non-Exercise of Rights.
If you decide not to exercise the rights pursuant
to the rights offering, you should not have any material United States federal
income tax consequences as a result of the rights offering because gain, if any,
recognized in connection with distribution of the rights should be offset by an
equal amount of loss, which will be recognized if your rights expire
unexercised.

   
Exercise of Rights.
You will not recognize any gain or loss upon the exercise
of the rights.
The fair market value of the rights (measured and allocated as
of the date of distribution), if any, together with the $  subscription price
paid on the exercise of the rights (allocated between the iVillage common
stock and warrants to purchase iVillage common stock received in accordance
with their relative fair market values on the date of exercise of the rights)
will determine your basis in the iVillage common stock and warrants.
The
holding period for the iVillage shares acquired through exercise of the rights
will begin on the day the rights are exercised.

   
Exercise of Warrants.
You will not recognize any gain or loss upon the
exercise of the warrants.
The basis of the iVillage common stock received
through the exercise of the warrants will equal your basis in the warrants and
the exercise price paid to exercise the warrants.
The holding period for the
iVillage shares acquired through exercise of the warrants will begin on the
day the warrants are exercised.

   
Sale of Shares.
You will recognize gain or loss upon the sale of shares
acquired by exercise of the rights or exercise of the warrants in an amount
equal to the difference between the amount realized and your basis in the
shares sold.
The gain or loss so recognized generally will be capital gain or
loss and will be long-term capital gain or loss if the shares have been held
for more than one year.

   
Lapse of Warrant.
You will generally recognize a loss equal to your basis,
if any, in the warrants, if such warrants expire unexercised.
Any loss
recognized on the expiration of the warrants generally will be a long-term
capital loss.
The deductibility of capital losses is restricted and, in
general, may only be used to reduce capital gains to the extent thereof.

However, individual taxpayers generally may deduct annually $3,000 of capital
losses in excess of their capital gains.

   
The United States federal income tax consequences resulting from the
exercise of the rights are complex and uncertain.
In addition, the foregoing
discussion is not intended to be a complete analysis or description of all the
potential United States federal income tax consequences that may result to you
in connection with the rights offering, and the discussion does not address
tax consequences which may vary with, or are contingent on, your individual
circumstances.
Moreover, the discussion does not address any non-income tax or
any foreign, state or local tax consequences relevant to the rights offering.

Accordingly, you are strongly urged to consult with your tax advisor to
determine the particular federal, state, local or foreign income or other tax
consequences to you of the rights offering.

                     
USE OF PROCEEDS OF THE RIGHTS OFFERING

   iVillage currently estimates that the net proceeds it will receive from the
sale of the 5,034,960 shares of iVillage common stock and warrants to purchase
1,134,000 shares of iVillage common stock in connection with the rights
offering will be approximately $10.8  million, assuming the rights offering is
fully subscribed.