URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/0000050863/000109581101000469/0001095811-01-000469.txt

Set forth below in Section 11 of this Offer to Purchase
entitled "Contacts with the Company; Background of the Offer and the Merger" and
elsewhere herein is a summary description of the mutual contacts, negotiations
and transactions between any of Purchaser or Intel, or any of their respective
subsidiaries or any of the persons listed on Schedule I to this Offer to
Purchase, on the one hand, and the

Company or its affiliates, on the other hand, concerning a merger, consolidation
or acquisition, tender offer or other acquisition of securities, an election of
directors or a sale or other transfer of a material amount of assets.


9. SOURCE AND AMOUNT OF FUNDS

     The total amount of funds required by Purchaser to purchase the Shares,
other than those which are already owned by Intel, and consummate the Offer and
the Merger will be approximately $701.3 million.
Purchaser will obtain all funds
needed for the Offer through a capital contribution, which will be made by Intel
to Purchaser at the time the Shares tendered pursuant to the Offer are accepted
for payment.
Intel intends to use its available cash on hand to make this
capital contribution.
Neither the Offer nor the Merger is conditioned on
obtaining financing.


10.
CERTAIN TRANSACTIONS BETWEEN INTEL AND THE COMPANY

     On August 1, 1991, Intel and the Company entered into a Corporate
Non-disclosure Agreement (the "CNDA").
Under the CNDA, both parties agreed to
sign a confidential information and transmittal record (a "CITR"), from time to
time, to protect a disclosing party from disclosure of its confidential,
proprietary and trade secret information ("Confidential Information").
Under the
CNDA/CITR, the receiving party shall (1) protect the Confidential Information
from disclosure to any third parties without the prior written approval of the
disclosing party and (2) exercise a reasonable degree of care to protect the
Confidential Information as it would have protected its own Confidential
Information.
The period of confidentiality is generally five years from the date
of the CITR.
Title to the Confidential Information at all times belongs to the
disclosing party, and upon termination of the CNDA, or at the disclosing party's
request, the receiving party shall either destroy the Confidential Information
and copies thereof or return them to the disclosing party.

     
On October 30, 2000, pursuant to discussions of a potential investment in
or acquisition of the Company by Intel, Intel and the Company signed a CITR
which protects the Company from the disclosure of information relating to its
financial condition, business plans, product plans, intellectual property and
operational data.
On December 19, 2000, Intel and the Company signed a CITR
which protects the Company from disclosure of information contained in the due
diligence materials provided and oral disclosures made to Intel by the Company
pursuant to the contemplated transaction.
Copies of these agreements are filed
with the Commission as exhibits to Intel's and Purchaser's Tender Offer
Statement on Schedule TO.

     
On February 28, 1997, pursuant to a Common Stock and Warrant Purchase
Agreement between Intel and the Company (the "Purchase Agreement"), Intel paid
the Company approximately $52.3 million to acquire 2,516,405 Shares and a
warrant (the "Warrant") to purchase up to 1,509,903 Shares.
In the same
transaction, Intel entered into an Investor Rights Agreement with the Company
(the "Investor Rights Agreement").

     
Under the Investor Rights Agreement, Intel received a non-voting observer
seat at Company Board meetings (provided Intel held at least 12.5% of the then
outstanding Shares), which seat could, at Intel's election, be converted into a
right to designate a Company Board representative.
Intel also received certain
registration rights with respect to the Warrant, including up to three demand
registrations and piggyback and S-3 registration rights, all of which terminate
on February 28, 2004.
In addition, Intel received certain rights which allowed
it to maintain its equity stake in the Company, including the right to purchase
its pro rata share of any new securities issued by the Company and a right to
maintain its percentage holding of the Shares upon the issuance of any dilutive
securities.
Furthermore, upon the occurrence of certain Corporate Events (as
defined in the Investor Rights Agreement), Intel received the right of first
refusal to purchase or acquire the Company, which right terminated on July 13,
2000.
Intel also received a right of first negotiation on any Corporate Event
transaction until July 13, 2004.
All of such rights are subject to certain
restrictions and requirements.
Finally, Intel and the Company agreed that,
without the written consent of the Company, and subject to certain exceptions,
Intel would limit its holdings of the Shares to less than 22.5%.

     
On February 17, 1999, the Company and Intel agreed to change the terms of
the Warrant, modifying the definition of "Market Price" and agreeing that any
Shares obtained by Intel upon exercise of the Warrant could be repurchased by
the Company at a $0.50 per share discount from the then current market price of
the

Company's Common Stock.
On February 17, 1999, pursuant to the terms of the
Warrant, Intel "net exercised" the Warrant.
The Company retained 995,589 of the
Shares issuable under the Warrant in payment of the aggregate exercise price of
approximately $40.8 million, or $27.01 per Share.
Intel acquired 514,314 Shares
as a result of the net exercise of the Warrant.
The Company then immediately
repurchased the 514,314 Shares from Intel at a price of $38.45 per share, the
five day average closing price, less a $0.50 discount per Share, for
approximately $19.8 million.

     
Following the exercise of the Warrant and the repurchase of the Shares by
the Company, Intel held 2,516,405 Shares.
In August and September 2000, Intel
sold an aggregate of 647,875 Shares pursuant to Rule 144(k) of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act").
As of the date of this Offer to
Purchase, Intel held 1,867,530, or approximately 6.2% of the issued and
outstanding Shares.

     
The Company supplies Intel with mobile interface cards.
For the fiscal year
ended September 30, 2000, Intel accounted for $26.6 million, or 5%, of the
Company's total revenue.
For the first quarter of fiscal year 2001, Intel
accounted for $13.8 million, or approximately 11%, of the Company's total
revenue.


11.
CONTACTS WITH THE COMPANY; BACKGROUND OF THE OFFER AND THE MERGER

     In late October 2000, representatives of Intel decided to designate a small
internal team to investigate the feasibility of entering into a possible
transaction with the Company.

     
On October 23, 2000, representatives of Intel contacted representatives of
the Company to discuss strategic opportunities to further the relationship
between the parties.
A meeting was arranged for October 30.

     
On October 27, 2000, representatives of Intel presented the Company with a
high-level list requesting additional information about the Company.

     
On October 30, 2000, representatives of Intel met with representatives of
the Company to discuss possible strategic relationships between Intel and the
Company at the offices of the Company in Thousand Oaks, California.
The
representatives of the Company presented an overview of the Company and its
products and the representatives of Intel presented an overview of Intel's
Platform Networking Group.
During this meeting, the Company supplied written
responses to Intel's October 27th request.
Additionally, during this meeting
Intel entered into a Confidential Information Transmittal Record with the
Company.

     
During November and early December 2000, representatives of Intel held
several internal meetings to discuss various possible strategic relationships
between Intel and the Company, including the purchase of the Company's PC Card
businesses and the spin-off of the Company's wireless wide area network ("WAN")
business to the Company's management and shareholders.

     
Between November 3 and November 17, 2000, representatives of Intel
telephoned representatives of the Company to discuss the Company's business and
financial position.

     
On November 17, 2000, Intel representatives held an internal management
review meeting to discuss the possible transactions with the Company, including
potential deal structures and issues related to a transaction.

     
Between November 22 and November 30, 2000, representatives of Intel
telephoned representatives of Broadview, the financial advisor to the Company,
and representatives of the Company to discuss possible strategic relationships
with the Company including potential transaction structures and issues related
thereto.

     
On November 27, 2000, Intel representatives held an internal management
review meeting to discuss the possible acquisition of the Company's PC Card
businesses, including potential deal structures and issues related to a
transaction.

     
On November 30, 2000, representatives of Intel telephoned representatives
of Broadview to discuss the Company's business and financial position.

     
On December 4, 2000, representatives of Intel telephoned representatives of
Broadview to discuss possible interest in an acquisition of the Company's PC
Card businesses and possible transaction structures.

     
On December 5, 2000, representatives of Intel telephoned representatives of
Broadview and indicated Intel's possible willingness to purchase the Company's
PC Card businesses pursuant to a stock-for-stock merger together with the
simultaneous spin-off of the Company's wireless WAN business to the Company's
shareholders.
During this telephone call, Intel and Broadview discussed
potential transaction structures and issues related thereto.

     
From December 5 through December 12, 2000, Intel representatives held a
series of internal meetings to discuss issues surrounding a possible
transaction, including potential structures and tax and accounting concerns.

     
On December 6, 2000, the Board of Directors of Intel held a telephonic
meeting to discuss the proposed purchase of the Company's PC Card businesses.

Intel's management informed the Board of Directors of the status of the
preliminary review of the Company.
After these discussions, the Board of
Directors authorized Intel's senior management to engage in further due
diligence, discussions and negotiations with the Company and its
representatives, with a view to determining whether a transaction on terms
acceptable to Intel could be achieved.

     
On December 11, 2000, representatives of Intel provided representatives of
the Company with a detailed questionnaire relating to the Company's business and
financial condition.

     
From December 11 through December 21, 2000, representatives of Intel were
at a facility near the Company's principal executive offices in California to
conduct additional due diligence and to further discuss the Company's products
and business and financial condition with the Company's management.
During this
period, representatives from Intel, the Company and Broadview met regularly by
telephone and in-person to discuss ongoing diligence and terms of a potential
transaction.

     
On December 19, 2000, representatives of Intel met with representatives of
the Company for dinner.
During the dinner meeting, representatives of the
Company asked the Intel representatives whether Intel had a possible interest in
acquiring the entire Company.
At this dinner, the parties agreed that it was
highly unlikely that a transaction involving the Company's PC Card businesses
could be completed prior to the holidays.
As a result, representatives from
Intel, the Company and Broadview agreed to continue to provide and review
diligence materials through the holiday period and renew negotiations for a
possible transaction involving the Company's PC Card businesses immediately
after the holidays.
On December 21, 2000, representatives of Broadview
reiterated the Company's willingness to entertain an offer for the acquisition
of the entire Company.

     
On December 27 and 28, 2000, representatives of Intel telephoned
representatives of the Company and Broadview to further discuss the deal
structure and terms.

     
The parties reengaged on January 3, 2001 and undertook additional due
diligence and the negotiation of the definitive purchase agreement.
Between
January 3 and January 13, 2001, numerous meetings were held by telephone and at
offices of Intel's counsel between representatives of Intel, Intel's counsel,
the Company, the Company's counsel and Broadview to discuss due diligence,
request additional information and negotiate a definitive purchase agreement and
related agreements.

     
On January 6, 2001, representatives of Broadview telephoned representatives
of Intel to discuss Intel's possible interest in the acquisition of the entire
Company pursuant to a cash or stock transaction.

     
On January 8, 2001, the Intel representatives held an internal management
review to discuss the status of the negotiations relating to the proposed
purchase of the Company's PC Card businesses and possible interest in an
acquisition of the entire Company.
Based on the review, additional diligence and
analysis of a potential acquisition of the entire Company was recommended.

     
On January 8 and January 10, 2001, representatives from Intel telephoned
representatives from Broadview to discuss the Company's financial outlook,
ongoing negotiations, structural and diligence issues, and a price range for the
purchase of the PC Card businesses.

     
On January 11, 2001, the Intel representatives held an internal management
review to discuss the latest diligence findings and Intel's possible interest in
an acquisition of the entire Company.
Based on Intel's review of the entire
Company and potential employee and integration issues related to the purchase of
the PC Card businesses alone, it was recommended that an acquisition of the PC
Card businesses not be pursued and, instead, an acquisition of the entire
Company be pursued.

     
Also, on January 11, 2001, representatives of Intel met with
representatives of Broadview at the offices of Intel's counsel to discuss a
possible acquisition of the entire Company by Intel, including price, form of
consideration and transaction structure.

     
On January 12, 2001, representatives of Intel and representatives of the
Company agreed to proceed with definitive agreements for a cash tender offer for
the entire Company at a $25 per share price, subject to the final approval of
the Company Board.

     
Between January 12 and the morning of January 15, 2001, representatives
from Intel met and telephoned the representatives of Broadview and the Company
several times daily to discuss ongoing diligence issues and negotiate terms and
conditions for a possible acquisition of the entire Company.

     
On January 14, 2001, Intel held an internal management briefing to review
the final status of diligence, update final terms and structure of the
transaction and complete employee and press communications relating to the
possible transaction.

     
During the early morning of January 15, 2001, representatives of Intel and
the Company executed and delivered the Merger Agreement, the Stock Option
Agreement and the Voting Agreement.

     
On the morning of January 15, 2001, the Company and Intel issued a joint
press release announcing the execution of the Merger Agreement.
A copy of the
press release is filed with the Commission as an exhibit to Intel's and
Purchaser's Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO.


12.
PURPOSE OF THE OFFER AND THE MERGER AGREEMENT

     The purpose of the Offer is for Intel to acquire, through its wholly-owned
subsidiary, the entire equity interest in the Company.
The purpose of the Merger
is for Intel to acquire all of the equity interest in the Company not acquired
pursuant to the Offer.
Upon consummation of the Merger, the Company will become
a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Intel.
The acquisition of the entire equity
interest in the Company has been structured as a cash tender offer followed by a
cash merger in order to provide a prompt transfer of ownership of the equity
interest in the Company from the Company's shareholders to Intel and to provide
the Company's shareholders with cash for all of their Shares.

     
Under the CCC, the approval of the Company Board and, under certain
circumstances, the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the
outstanding Shares present at a duly constituted meeting are required to approve
and adopt the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby.
If a
vote of the shareholders is required, the Company has agreed pursuant to the
Merger Agreement to take all actions necessary to convene and hold a meeting of
its shareholders (the "Shareholders' Meeting"), as promptly as practicable after
the acceptance for payment of Shares tendered pursuant to the Offer, to consider
and vote upon the adoption and approval of the Merger Agreement and the
transactions contemplated thereby, if such action is required under the CCC.
A
proxy statement containing detailed information concerning the Merger will be
furnished to shareholders of the Company in connection with any Shareholders'
Meeting.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if, following consummation of the Offer,
Intel, Purchaser and/or any other subsidiary of Intel owns at least ninety
percent (90%) of the outstanding Shares, the parties will take all necessary and
appropriate actions to cause the Merger to become effective as soon as
practicable after the Expiration Date without a Shareholders' Meeting in
accordance with the CCC and the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware
(the "DGCL").

     
At a meeting duly called and held on January 14, 2001, the Company Board
(1) after evaluating the Merger, determined that the Merger Agreement and the
transactions contemplated thereby, including the Offer and the Merger, taken
together, are at a price and on terms that are fair and in the best interests of
the

Company and its shareholders; (2) approved the Merger Agreement and the
transactions contemplated thereby, including the Offer and the Merger, in all
respects; and (3) resolved to recommend that the shareholders of the Company
accept the Offer, tender their Shares thereunder to Purchaser and approve and
adopt the Merger Agreement and the Merger.
As described above, the only
remaining corporate action of the Company that may be required is the approval
and adoption of the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby
by the holders of a majority of the Shares.
If the Minimum Condition is
satisfied, Intel will have sufficient voting power to cause the approval and
adoption of the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby
without the affirmative vote of any other shareholder of the Company.
Under the
Merger Agreement, Intel has agreed to vote, or cause to be voted, at any such
meeting all Shares owned by it, Purchaser or any other subsidiary of Intel in
favor of the Merger.
If Intel acquires at least ninety percent (90%) of the
Shares in the Offer, under the CCC and the DGCL, it will be able to consummate
the Merger without a vote of the Company's shareholders.

     
Furthermore, the Stock Option Agreement permits Intel to purchase up to
5,954,325 Shares (or such other number of Shares as equals 19.9% of the issued
and outstanding shares of Company Common Stock at the time of exercise of the
option) at an exercise price of $25 per share under certain specified
circumstances.
Among other circumstances permitting Intel to exercise its
option, Intel may exercise its option to the extent necessary so that the number
of shares to be acquired pursuant to the option plus the number of tendered
Shares will, upon issuance of the option shares, equal at least ninety percent
(90%) of the issued and outstanding Shares of the Company.
The purchase of
Shares pursuant to its option may, under certain circumstances, allow Intel to
increase its ownership of Shares above 90% in order to consummate the Merger
without a vote of the shareholders of the Company.
The option is also
exercisable upon a termination of the Merger Agreement in a manner obligating
the Company to pay Intel $24 million as liquidated damages.
See -- 13.
The
Merger Agreement, the Stock Option Agreement and the Tender and Voting
Agreement" for more detailed information.

13.
THE MERGER AGREEMENT, THE STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT AND THE TENDER AND VOTING
AGREEMENT

  The Merger Agreement

     The following is only a summary of certain provisions of the Merger
Agreement.
Company shareholders should read the Merger Agreement in its
entirety.
A copy of the Merger Agreement is filed with the Commission as an
exhibit to Intel's and Purchaser's Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO.

     
The Offer.  
The Merger Agreement provides for the making of the Offer.

Pursuant to the Offer, each tendering shareholder will receive the Offer Price
for each Share tendered in the Offer.
Purchaser's obligation to accept for
payment or pay for Shares is subject to the satisfaction of the conditions that
are described in the section entitled -- 18.
Certain Conditions of the Offer,"
including the Minimum Condition.
Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Purchaser
expressly reserves the right to waive any of the conditions to the Offer (except
as otherwise provided in the Merger Agreement), and to make any change in the
terms or conditions of the Offer; provided that, without the written consent of
the Company, Purchaser may not (1) decrease the Offer Price, (2) change the form
of consideration payable in the Offer, (3) reduce the maximum number of Shares
to be purchased in the Offer, (4) impose conditions to the Offer in addition to
those set forth on Annex A to the Merger Agreement and described in "-- 18.

Certain Conditions of the Offer" below, (5) amend the conditions to the Offer
set forth in Annex A to the Merger Agreement and described in "-- 18.
Certain
Conditions of the Offer" below to broaden their scope, (6) amend any other term
of the Offer in a manner adverse to the holders of the Shares, (7) extend the
Offer except as permitted by the terms of the Merger Agreement or (8) amend or
waive the Minimum Condition.

     
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Purchaser may, without the consent of the
Company Board, (1) from time to time extend the Offer if at the scheduled
Expiration Date any conditions of the Offer have not been satisfied or waived,
(2) extend the Offer for any period required by any rule, regulation,
interpretation or position of the Commission or the staff thereof applicable to
the Offer, (3) if the first purchase of Shares under the Offer shall not have
occurred prior to March 31, 2001, extend the Offer to the later of April 10,
2001 and the date on which all conditions to the offer have been satisfied, or
(4) extend the Offer for any reason on

one or more occasions for an aggregate period of not more than ten business days
beyond the latest Expiration Date that would otherwise be permitted under clause
(1), (2) or (3) of this sentence if, on such Expiration Date, there have not
been tendered at least ninety percent (90%) of the outstanding Shares.
In
addition, if at the time of any scheduled Expiration Date any one or more of the
conditions to the Offer set forth on Annex A to the Merger Agreement and
described in "-- 18.
Certain Conditions of the Offer" below are not satisfied
and none of the events set forth in paragraphs (a) through (f) of Annex A to the
Merger Agreement and described in "-- 18.
Certain Conditions of the Offer" below
that would permit Purchaser not to accept tendered Shares for payment has
occurred and is continuing, then, provided that such conditions are reasonably
capable of being satisfied, Purchaser will extend the Offer from time to time
unless any such condition is no longer reasonably capable of being satisfied or
any such event has occurred.
In no event, however, will Purchaser be required to
extend the Offer beyond March 31, 2001 (provided that if on March 31, 2001, any
applicable waiting period under the HSR Act has not expired or terminated and
none of the events set forth in paragraphs (a) through (f) of Annex A to the
Merger Agreement and described in "-- 18.
Certain Conditions of the Offer" below
that would permit Purchaser not to accept Shares tendered for payment has
occurred and is continuing, then such March 31, 2001 date shall be automatically
extended to May 15, 2001).

     
Board Representation.  
Promptly upon the purchase by Purchaser of the
Shares pursuant to the Offer and from time to time thereafter, if the Minimum
Condition has been met, Intel will be entitled to designate such number of
directors, rounded up to the next whole number, on the Company Board as will
give Intel representation on the Company Board equal to the product of the total
number of directors on the Company Board (determined after giving effect to the
directors elected pursuant to this sentence) and the percentage that the
aggregate number of Shares so purchased bears to the total number of Shares then
outstanding on a fully diluted basis.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company
will use its best efforts to ensure that two of the members of the Company Board
as of January 15, 2001 who are not officers of the Company or affiliates of
Intel (the "Continuing Directors") will remain members of the Company Board
until the Effective Time.
If a Continuing Director resigns from the Company
Board, Intel, Purchaser and the Company will permit the remaining Continuing
Director or Directors to appoint the resigning Director's successor who will be
deemed to be a Continuing Director.
Following the election or appointment of
Intel's designees to the Company Board pursuant to the Merger Agreement and
prior to the Effective Time, if there are any Continuing Directors, (1) any
amendment of the Merger Agreement, any termination of the Merger Agreement by
the Company, (2) any extension by the Company of the time for the performance of
any of the obligations or other acts of Intel or Purchaser or any waiver of any
of the Company's rights under the Merger Agreement or (3) any other
determination with respect to any action to be taken or not to be taken by the
Company relating to the Merger Agreement, will require the concurrence of a
majority of such Continuing Directors.
The Company's obligation to appoint
designees of Intel to the Company Board will be subject to Section 14(f) of the
Exchange Act and Rule 14f-1 thereunder.
The name, business address, citizenship,
present principal occupation or employment and five-year employment history of
each person Intel may designate to the Company Board are set forth in Schedule I
hereto.

     
The Merger.  
As soon as practicable after the satisfaction or waiver of the
conditions to the Merger, Purchaser will be merged with and into the Company, as
a result of which the separate corporate existence of Purchaser will cease and
the Company will continue as the Surviving Corporation and a direct wholly-owned
subsidiary of Intel.
The Effective Time will occur at the date and time that a
certificate of merger or a certificate of ownership and merger in such form as
is required by the DGCL (the "Certificate of Merger") is filed with the
Secretary of State of the State of Delaware and an agreement of merger or
certificate of ownership in such form as is required by the CCC (the "Agreement
of Merger") is filed with the Secretary of State of the State California or such
later time as Intel and the Company may agree upon and as may be set forth in
the Certificate of Merger and the Agreement of Merger.
The Surviving Corporation
will continue its corporate existence under the laws of the State of California.

The Articles of Incorporation and bylaws of the Surviving Corporation at the
Effective Time shall be amended and restated.
The directors of Purchaser at the
Effective Time will be the initial directors of the Surviving Corporation until
their successors are duly elected and qualified, and the officers of Purchaser
at the Effective Time will be the initial officers of the Surviving Corporation
until their successors are duly elected and qualified.

     
Consideration to be Paid in the Merger.  
In the Merger, each outstanding
Share (except for Excluded Shares) will be converted into the right to receive
the Offer Price, without interest thereon (the "Merger Consideration").
Each
share of common stock of Purchaser issued and outstanding immediately prior to
the Effective Time will be converted into one share of common stock of the
Surviving Corporation.

     
Rights of Shareholders in the Merger.  
No dissenters' rights are available
in connection with the Offer.
If the Merger is consummated, however,
shareholders of the Company who did not sell their Shares in the Offer and are
entitled to vote on the Merger, may have certain rights under the CCC to dissent
and demand appraisal, and receive payment in cash of the fair market value, of
their Shares.
In general, under the CCC, if the approval of the outstanding
shares of a corporation is required for a merger or reorganization, each
shareholder entitled to vote on the transaction who did not vote in favor of the
merger or reorganization may require the corporation to purchase for cash at the
fair market value the shares owned by such shareholder.
However, no appraisal
rights are available for shares listed on any national securities exchange
certified by the Commissioner of Corporations or listed on the National Market
System of the Nasdaq Stock Market, unless (1) there exists with respect to such
shares any restriction on transfer imposed by the corporation or by any law or
regulation or (2) demands for payment are filed with respect to 5% or more of
the outstanding shares of that class.

     
Shareholders who satisfy the statutory conditions discussed above must
perfect such appraisal rights and comply with the procedures set forth in
Chapter 13 of the CCC.
If such rights are perfected, and the Surviving
Corporation and shareholder cannot otherwise agree on a price, the fair market
value of the Shares will be determined by a superior court judge, or court
appointed independent appraisers, and the shareholders will be entitled to
receive a cash payment equal to such fair value from the Surviving Corporation
with interest from the date a judgment on the fair market value is entered.
In
determining the fair market value of the Shares, the court or the appraisers are
required to take into account all relevant factors.
Such determination is to be
determined as of the day before the first announcement of the terms of the
Merger, excluding any appreciation or depreciation in consequence of the
proposed action.
Costs of any action are to be assessed and apportioned as the
court considers equitable, unless the appraisal exceeds the price offered by the
Company, in which case the Company shall pay statutory costs.
In certain
circumstances, the court may require the Company to pay other costs related to
attorneys' fees, expert witness fees and interest as of the date of judgment.

     
THE FOREGOING SUMMARY OF THE RIGHTS OF DISSENTING SHAREHOLDERS DOES NOT
PURPORT TO BE A COMPLETE STATEMENT OF THE PROCEDURES TO BE FOLLOWED BY
SHAREHOLDERS DESIRING TO EXERCISE ANY AVAILABLE APPRAISAL RIGHTS AND IS
QUALIFIED IN ITS ENTIRETY BY REFERENCE TO THE FULL TEXT OF SECTION 1300 INCLUDED
HEREWITH IN ANNEX A.
THE PERFECTION AND EXERCISE OF APPRAISAL RIGHTS ARE
CONDITIONED ON STRICT ADHERENCE TO THE APPLICABLE PROVISIONS OF THE CCC.

     Options.  
At the Effective Time, options to purchase Shares granted to
persons who were employees of the Company at the time of grant, including grants
under the Company's 1992 Stock Option Plan, 1995 Stock Option Plan, 1997 Patent
Award Stock Option Plan, Entrega Technologies, Inc.
Stock Option Plan or 2000
Stock Option Plan (collectively, the "Option Plans"), which are then outstanding
and unexercised, whether vested or unvested, will be converted automatically
into options to purchase shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share, of
Intel ("Intel Common Stock") and Intel will assume each such Option Plan,
subject to the terms of the applicable Option Plans.
In each case, the number of
shares of Intel Common Stock purchasable upon exercise of an assumed option will
be equal to the number of Shares that were purchasable under such assumed option
immediately prior to the Effective Time multiplied by the Exchange Ratio (as
defined below), and rounded up to the nearest whole share.
Further, the per
share exercise price under each such assumed option will be adjusted by dividing
the per share exercise price of each such assumed option by the Exchange Ratio,
and rounding down to the nearest cent.
The terms of each assumed option will, in
accordance with its terms, be subject to further adjustment as appropriate to
reflect any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization or other similar
transaction with respect to Intel Common Stock on or subsequent to the Effective
Time.
The duration and other terms of the Option Plans will be the same as the
original options except that all references to the Company will be deemed to be
references to Intel.
The "Exchange Ratio"

shall be equal to the ratio obtained by dividing the Offer Price by the closing
price of one share of Intel Common Stock on the Nasdaq National Market on the
trading day immediately preceding the Effective Time.

     
Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, the Company agreed to take all actions
necessary to ensure that, on and after January 15, 2001, no further options will
be granted under the Company's 1997 Patent Award Stock Option Plan.
With respect
to the Company's Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the "ESPP"), the offering,
extended offering and purchase periods under the ESPP shall end at the earlier
of April 30, 2001 and the first date on which the Purchaser has accepted Shares
for payment pursuant to the Offer.
In addition, the Company shall not commence
any new offering, extended offering or purchase period, and shall not permit any
participant to increase the rate of his or her payroll deductions under the
ESPP.

     Representations and Warranties.  
The Merger Agreement contains
representations and warranties by the Company, on the one hand, and Intel and
Purchaser, on the other hand.
The terms of a limited number of the Company's
representations and warranties provide that the Company will only be in breach
of the applicable representation or warranty if the effect of the breach has a
"Material Adverse Effect on the Company."
"Material Adverse Effect on the
Company" is defined in the Merger Agreement as any circumstance, change in, or
effect on the Company and its subsidiaries, that is, or is reasonably likely in
the future to be, materially adverse to (1) the assets, liabilities (including
contingent liabilities), business, operations, condition (financial or
otherwise), earnings or results of operations of the Company and its
subsidiaries taken as a whole or (2) the Company's ability to consummate the
Merger or any of the transactions contemplated thereby or by any of the other
agreements executed and delivered therewith.
The terms of a limited number of
Intel's and the Purchaser's representations and warranties provide that Intel
and Purchaser will only be in breach of the applicable representation or
warranty if the breach has a "Material Adverse Effect on Intel."
"Material
Adverse Effect on Intel" is defined in the Merger Agreement as any circumstance,
change in or effect on Intel and its subsidiaries, that is, or is reasonably
likely in the future to be, materially adverse to (1) the assets, liabilities
(including contingent liabilities), business, operations, condition (financial
or otherwise), earnings or results of operations of Intel and its subsidiaries
taken as a whole or (2) Intel's ability to consummate the Offer or the Merger or
any of the transactions contemplated thereby or by any of the other agreements
executed and delivered therewith.

     
The representations and warranties of the Company, on the one hand, and
Intel and the Purchaser, on the other hand, include:

     - due organization, existence and good standing (including, in the case of
       the Company, its subsidiaries); qualification to do business (including,
       in the case of the Company, its subsidiaries) except where the failure to
       be so qualified would not have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company
       or a Material Adverse Effect on Intel, as the case may be; and, in the
       case of the Company, a true and complete listing of its equity
       investments;

     - corporate power and authority to enter into the Merger Agreement and
       perform its obligations under the Merger Agreement and, in the case of
       the Company, the Stock Option Agreement; proper execution, delivery and
       enforceability of the Merger Agreement and, in the case of the Company,
       the Stock Option Agreement;

     - accuracy of the information about the Company, Intel and the Purchaser in
       the 14D-9, the proxy statement and the offer documents;

     - governmental and third-party approvals and authorizations in connection
       with the Merger Agreement and, in the case of the Company, the Stock
       Option Agreement, and compliance with each party's charter documents,
       material agreements and applicable law;

     - absence of material legal proceedings and injunctions;

     - absence of broker's fees arising from the transactions contemplated by
       the Merger Agreement; and

     - in the case of Intel and Purchaser, that they will have the funds
       necessary to acquire the Shares.

     
The Merger Agreement contains additional representations and warranties of
the Company.
These include:

     - capitalization of the Company and its subsidiaries;

     - approval of the Offer, the Merger, the Merger Agreement and the Stock
       Option Agreement by the Company Board;

     - filings with the Commission and accuracy of financial statements;

     - absence of existing defaults under its charter documents, material
       agreements and applicable law;

     - absence of undisclosed liabilities and certain changes of the Company and
       its subsidiaries;

     - the Company's and its subsidiaries' possession of all material permits,
       licenses, variances, exemptions, orders and approvals necessary for the
       lawful conduct of their respective businesses and compliance with
       applicable laws;

     - employee benefit plans, labor, employment and related matters;

     - no releases of hazardous material and no violations of environmental
       laws;

     - payment of taxes and filing of tax returns;

     - intellectual property;

     - insurance;

     - certain business practices, including absence of unlawful contributions
       and payments;

     - product warranties and guarantees;

     - suppliers and customers;

     - material contracts; and

     - receipt of fairness opinion from Broadview.

     
No representations or warranties made by the Company, Intel or Purchaser
will survive beyond the Effective Time.

     
Conduct of Business Before the Merger.  
Each of the Company, Intel and
Purchaser has agreed to do certain things before the Merger occurs.

     
The Company has agreed to, and to cause each of its subsidiaries to:

     - conduct its operations in the ordinary course consistent with past
       practice and, to the extent consistent therewith, with no less diligence
       and effort than would be applied in the absence of the Merger Agreement;

     - use its best efforts to preserve intact its current business
       organizations;

     - use its best efforts to keep available the services of its current
       officers and employees;

     - use its best efforts to preserve its relationships with customers,
       suppliers, distributors, lessors, creditors, employees, contractors and
       others having business dealings with it; and

     - continue to take all reasonable action that may be necessary or advisable
       to protect and preserve its intellectual property.

     
The Company, Intel and the Purchaser have also agreed to:

     - use all reasonable efforts to do all things reasonably necessary, proper
       or advisable under applicable law to consummate and make effective the
       transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, including the making
       of required filings, the obtaining of consents and approvals of all third
       parties and

       governmental authorities necessary or advisable to consummate the Merger,
       and contesting any legal proceedings relating to the Merger;

     - consult and cooperate with one another, and consider in good faith the
       views of one another, in connection with any analyses, appearances,
       presentations, letters, white papers, memoranda, briefs, arguments,
       opinions or proposals made or submitted by or on behalf of any party in
       connection with proceedings under or relating to the HSR Act or any other
       foreign, federal, or state antitrust, competition, or fair trade law;

     - not issue any press release or make any other public statements without
       the prior consent of the other party; and

     - promptly tell the other party about (1) any events or circumstances that
       have caused or would be likely to cause any representations or warranties
       to be inaccurate or untrue in any material respect at or prior to the
       Effective Time or (2) any material failure to comply with or satisfy in
       any material respect any covenant, condition or agreement to be complied
       with or satisfied under the Merger Agreement.

     
Subject to certain agreed exceptions, the Company has agreed for itself and
on behalf of its subsidiaries not to:

     - amend its charter documents;

     - issue or agree to issue any stock of any class or any other securities or
       equity equivalents, except for the issuance and sale of Shares pursuant
       to the exercise of Company stock options outstanding as of January 15,
       2001;

     - split, combine or reclassify any shares of its capital stock, declare,
       set aside or pay any dividend or other distribution of any kind in
       respect of its capital stock;

     - adopt a plan of complete or partial liquidation, dissolution, merger or
       other reorganization other than the Merger;

     - alter any subsidiary's corporate structure or ownership;

     - incur or assume any debt, except under existing lines of credit in the
       ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, or modify or
       amend the terms of any existing debt;

     - assume, guarantee, endorse or otherwise become responsible for the
       obligations of any other person except for obligations of the Company's
       subsidiaries incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with
       past practice;

     - make any loans, advances or capital contributions to or investments in
       any other person, except to subsidiaries and customary loans or advances
       to employees in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
       practice;

     - pledge or otherwise encumber its capital stock or the capital stock of
       its subsidiaries;

     - mortgage or pledge any of its assets or create or permit any material
       lien on those assets;

     - except as required by law, enter into, adopt, amend or terminate any
       employee compensation, benefit or similar plan or increase any
       compensation or fringe benefits;

     - grant any severance or termination pay, except as required by law or by
       any written agreements existing and disclosed on January 15, 2001;

     - exercise discretion or voluntarily accelerate the vesting of any stock
       options as a result of the Merger;

     - acquire, sell, license, transfer or otherwise dispose of any material
       assets in any single transaction or series of related transactions having
       a fair market value in excess of $100,000 in the aggregate, other than
       for sales of its products and non-exclusive licenses of software in the
       ordinary course of business consistent with past practices;

     - enter into any exclusive license, distribution, marketing, sales or other
       agreements;

     - sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of any intellectual property or
       license any source code to any third party;

     - except as required as a result of a change in law or in generally
       accepted accounting principles, change any of its accounting principles,
       practices or methods;

     - revalue in any material respect any of its assets, including writing down
       the value of inventory or writing-off notes or accounts receivable;

     - acquire any other business or entity or any equity interest therein;

     - enter into agreement having a term in excess or six months of any
       material agreement;

     - amend, modify or waive any right under any material contracts;

     - modify its standard product warranty terms or modify any existing product
       warranties in any material and adverse manner;

     - authorize any new or additional capital expenditure(s) that in the
       aggregate are in excess of $250,000 in any calendar quarter, with respect
       to those expenditures listed in the capital budget that was previously
       delivered to and acknowledged by Intel;

     - authorize any new or additional manufacturing capacity expenditure or
       expenditures for any manufacturing capacity contracts or arrangements;

     - make or revoke any material tax election or settle or compromise any
       income tax liability in excess of $100,000;

     - permit any insurance policy naming it as a beneficiary or loss-payable to
       expire, be canceled or be terminated, unless a comparable insurance
       policy is obtained and in effect;

     - fail to file any tax returns when due or fail to cause such tax returns
       when filed to be complete and accurate in all material respects;

     - fail to pay any taxes or other material debts when due;

     - settle or compromise any legal proceeding that relates to the Merger
       Agreement, the settlement or compromise of which involves more than
       $50,000 or would otherwise be material to the Company and its
       subsidiaries, or relates to any intellectual property matters;

     - take or fail to take any action that could limit the use of any net
       operating losses, built-in losses, tax credits or other similar items;

     - take or fail to take any action that could cause any transaction intended
       by the Company or its subsidiaries to be a reorganization under Section
       368(a) under the Internal Revenue Code to fail to qualify as such a
       reorganization;

     - modify or fail in any material respect to comply with any of the Company
       policies, as described in Attachment 1 to Schedule A-1;

     - accelerate the collection of receivables or defer the payment of
       payables, or modify the payment terms of any of the receivables or
       payables;

     - sell, securitize, factor or otherwise transfer any accounts receivable;
       or

     - take or agree in writing or otherwise to take any of the actions
       described above.

     
The Company also has agreed that it will:

     - provide Intel with reasonable access during normal business hours to all
       the Company's employees, plants, offices, warehouses and other facilities
       and to all books and records and personnel files of current employees of
       the Company and its subsidiaries as Intel may reasonably require, and
       cause its

       officers and those of its subsidiaries to furnish Intel with such
       financial and operating data and other information with respect to the
       business and properties of the Company and its subsidiaries as Intel may
       from time to time reasonably request;

     - provide Intel with periodic financial information, including periodic
       statements of total cash and net working capital to enable Intel to
       measure compliance by the Company with the financial requirements set
       forth on Annex A to the Merger and described in "-- 18.
Certain
       Conditions of the Offer" below; and

     - establish on interest bearing account in which all proceeds from the
       exercise of Company stock options on or after January 15, 2001 will be
       deposited, which funds will not be counted for purposes of calculating
       the Company's total cash or net working capital pursuant to the financial
       tests set forth on Annex A to the Merger Agreement and described in
       "-- 18.
Certain Conditions of the Offer" below.

  Acquisition Proposals.

     
The term "Third Party Acquisition" is used herein to mean any of the
following:

     - an acquisition of the Company by merger or otherwise by anyone other than
       Intel, Purchaser or any of their affiliates;

     - the acquisition by anyone other then Intel, Purchaser or any of their
       affiliates of any material portion (which includes 15% or more) of the
       assets of the Company and its subsidiaries, other than the sale of its
       products in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
       practices;

     - an acquisition by anyone other then Intel, Purchaser or any of their
       affiliates of 15% or more of the outstanding Shares;

     - the Company's adoption of a plan of liquidation or declaration or payment
       of an extraordinary dividend;

     - the Company's or any of its subsidiaries' repurchase of more than 10% of
       the outstanding Shares; or

     - the Company's or any of its subsidiaries' acquisition of any interest or
       investment in any business whose annual revenues, net income or assets is
       equal to or greater than 10% of the annual revenues, net income or assets
       of the Company.

     
The Company has agreed that it will:

     - cease any discussions or negotiations with any other persons with respect
       to any Third Party Acquisition;

     - request each person that has executed a confidentiality agreement in
       connection with its consideration of acquiring the Company or any of its
       subsidiaries to return all confidential information heretofore furnished
       to such person by or on behalf of the Company or any of its subsidiaries;

     - not, directly or indirectly, encourage, solicit, participate in or
       initiate discussions or negotiations with, or provide any information to
       anyone except Intel and Purchaser concerning, any Third Party
       Acquisition; provided, however, that nothing in the Merger Agreement
       shall prevent the Company Board from taking and disclosing to the
       Company's shareholders a position contemplated by Rules 14d-9 and 14e-2
       promulgated under the Exchange Act with regard to any tender or exchange
       offer;

     - promptly notify Intel if the Company or any of its subsidiaries or
       affiliates receives any proposal or inquiry concerning a Third Party
       Acquisition;

     - provide a copy of any written agreements, proposals, or other materials
       the Company receives about a Third Party Acquisition; and

     - advise Intel from time to time of the status and any developments
       concerning any Third Party Acquisition.

     
Except as described below, the Company Board will not withdraw or modify
its recommendation of the Offer or the Merger.
It also may not approve,
recommend, cause or permit the Company to enter into any agreement or obligation
relating to any Third Party Acquisition.
However, if the Company Board by a
majority vote determines in its good faith judgment, after consultation with and
based upon the advice of outside legal counsel, that its fiduciary duties
require it to do so, the Company Board may withdraw its recommendation of the
Offer or the Merger or approve or recommend any bona fide proposal to acquire,
directly or indirectly, solely for cash and/or securities, all Company Common
Stock then outstanding, or all or substantially all of the Company's assets:

     - that is fully financed and contains terms that the Company Board by a
       majority vote determines in good faith, based on the written advice of
       the Company's financial advisor or another financial advisor of
       nationally recognized reputation, to be more favorable to the Company's
       shareholders than the Merger;

     - that the Company Board by a majority vote determines in its good faith
       judgment (following and based on the written advice the Company's
       financial adviser or another financial advisor of nationally recognized
       reputation and its legal or other advisers) to be reasonably capable of
       being completed (taking into account all legal, financial, regulatory and
       other aspects of the proposal and the person making the proposal);

     - that does not contain a right of first refusal or right of first offer
       with respect to any counter-proposal that Intel may make; and

     - that does not contain any financing or "due diligence" condition.

     
An offer that has all of these characteristics is sometimes referred to
herein as a "Superior Proposal."

     
The Company Board may only withdraw its recommendation of the Offer or the
Merger or approve or recommend any Superior Proposal (1) after providing written
notice to Intel advising Intel that the Company Board has received a Superior
Proposal, specifying the material terms and conditions and identifying the
person making the Superior Proposal, and (2) if Intel does not, within ten
business days of receipt of notice of such proposal, make an offer that the
Company Board by a majority vote determines in good faith, based on the written
advice of the Company's financial advisor or another financial advisor of
nationally recognized reputation, to be at least as favorable to the Company
shareholders as the Superior Proposal.
If Intel fails to make this offer, the
Company may enter into an agreement with respect to the Superior Proposal only
if the Merger Agreement is concurrently terminated in accordance with its terms
and the Company has paid all amounts owing to Intel as a result of such
termination, as more fully described below under " -- Liquidated Damages and
Expenses."

     Conditions to the Merger.  
The obligation of each of the Company, Intel and
Purchaser to consummate the Merger is subject to the satisfaction of each of the
following conditions:

     - the Merger Agreement shall have been approved and adopted by the
       requisite vote of the Company's shareholders, if such vote is required by
       applicable law;

     - no statute, rule, regulation, order, decree, ruling or injunction shall
       have been enacted, entered, promulgated or enforced by any United States
       federal or state court or governmental authority that prohibits,
       restrains, enjoins or restricts the Merger;

     - any waiting period applicable to the Merger under the HSR Act or any
       other foreign, federal or state antitrust, competition or fair trade law
       shall have terminated or expired;

     - all governmental or regulatory notices, approvals or other requirements
       necessary to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Merger
       Agreement and to operate the Company's business after the Effective Time
       in all material respects as it was operated prior thereto (other than
       under the HSR Act) shall have been given, obtained or complied with, as
       applicable;

     - the proxy statement, if required to be prepared and disseminated to the
       Company's shareholders, shall have been cleared by the Commission and
       shall not be the subject of any stop order; and

     - the Purchaser or its affiliates shall have purchased all Shares validly
       tendered and not withdrawn pursuant to the Offer.

     
The Company will not be required to complete the Merger unless:

     - Intel's and Purchaser's representations and warranties in the Merger
       Agreement are true and correct at and as of the Effective Time (except to
       the extent that the aggregate of all breaches thereof would not have a
       Material Adverse Effect on Intel); and

     - Intel and Purchaser shall have performed in all material respects each of
       its covenants and obligations to be performed at or before the Effective
       Time.

     
Intel and Purchaser will not be required to complete the Merger unless:

     - the Company's representations and warranties in the Merger Agreement
       shall be true and correct at and as of the Effective Time (except to the
       extent that the aggregate of all breaches thereof would not have a
       Material Adverse Effect on the Company);

     - the Company shall have performed in all material respects each of its
       covenants and obligations to be performed at or before the Effective
       Time;

     - there have been no events, changes, or effects, individually or in the
       aggregate, with respect to the Company or its subsidiaries having, or
       that would be reasonably expected to have, a Material Adverse Effect on
       the Company; and

     - in connection with complying with any applicable law (including the HSR
       Act) or obtaining any requisite consent, Intel will not be (1) required,
       or be construed to be required, to sell or divest any assets or business
       or to restrict any business operations in order to obtain the consent or
       successful termination of any review of any governmental entity regarding
       the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement or (2) prohibited
       from owning, and no material limitation shall be imposed on Intel's
       ownership of, any material portion of the Company's business or assets.

     
There is no guarantee that all of the conditions to completing the Merger
will be satisfied.

     Termination.  
The Merger Agreement may be terminated and the Merger
abandoned at any time prior to the Effective Time, before or after it has been
approved by the Company's shareholders.
This termination may occur in the
following ways:

     - Intel, Purchaser and the Company mutually agree to terminate it in
       writing;

     - Intel and Purchaser or the Company decides to terminate it because:

             (1) any U.S. state or federal court or other U.S. governmental
        authority has issued a non-appealable, final order restraining,
        enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the Merger; or

             (2) the Merger is not completed by May 15, 2001 (the "Final Date"),
        unless the failure to complete the Merger by that date is due to the
        failure of the party seeking to terminate the Merger Agreement to
        perform its obligations under the Merger Agreement.

     
- The Company decides to terminate it because:

             (1)  Intel's and Purchaser's representations or warranties in the
        Merger Agreement are breached or untrue such that the conditions to the
        Company's obligation to complete the Merger would be incapable of being
        satisfied by the Final Date, so long as the Company shall not have
        breached its own obligations under the Merger Agreement in any material
        respect;

             (2) Intel or Purchaser shall have failed to perform its covenants
        or agreements in the Merger Agreement, and this failure shall have had a
        Material Adverse Effect on Intel or materially adversely affected (or
        materially delayed) the ability of Intel, Purchaser or the Company to
        consummate the Offer or the Merger, and Intel and Purchaser, as the case
        may be, shall not have cured such

        breach within 15 business days after notice by the Company thereof and
        provided that the Company shall not have breached its own obligations
        under the Merger Agreement in any material respect; or

             (3) the Company Board has received a Superior Proposal and
        responded in a way that permitted termination of the Merger Agreement,
        including the payment of liquidated damages and expenses to Intel; or

             (4) Purchaser shall have failed to commence the Offer within ten
        business days following the date of the initial public announcement of
        the Offer or if, by the date described below in "The Tender Offer -- 18.
        Certain Conditions of the Offer," Purchaser shall have terminated the
        Offer; provided that the Company has not breached its own obligations
        under the Merger Agreement in any material respect that in any manner
        shall have proximately contributed in any material respect to the
        foregoing failure.

     - Intel or Purchaser decides to terminate it because:

             (1) the Company's representations or warranties in the Merger
        Agreement are breached or untrue such that the conditions to Intel's and
        Purchaser's obligations to complete the Merger would be incapable of
        being satisfied by the Final Date, so long as neither Intel nor
        Purchaser shall have breached its own obligations under the Merger
        Agreement in any material respect;

             (2) the Company shall have failed to perform its covenants or
        agreements in the Merger Agreement, and this failure shall have had a
        Material Adverse Effect on the Company or materially adversely affected
        (or materially delayed) the ability of Intel, Purchaser or the Company
        to consummate the Offer or the Merger, and the Company shall not have
        cured such breach within 15 business days after notice by Intel or
        Purchaser thereof and provided that neither Intel nor Purchaser shall
        have breached its own obligations under the Merger Agreement in any
        material respect;

             (3) the Company Board has recommended a Superior Proposal to the
        Company's shareholders;

             (4) the Company Board has withdrawn or adversely modified its
        approval or recommendation of the Merger Agreement, the Offer or the
        Merger;

             (5) at any time after the first date on which Purchaser has
        accepted Shares for payment pursuant to the Offer, the Company Board
        (with the concurrence of, or because of the vote of, one or more of the
        remaining directors who are not affiliated with Intel) has stopped using
        all reasonable efforts to convene or hold a shareholders' meeting to
        vote on the Merger or shall have adopted a resolution not to effect any
        of the foregoing; or

             (6) due to an occurrence, that if occurring after the commencement
        of the Offer would result in a failure to satisfy any of the conditions
        described below in "The Tender Offer -- 18.
Certain Conditions of the
        Offer," Purchaser shall have failed to commence the Offer within ten
        business days following the date of the initial public announcement of
        the Offer or Purchaser has terminated the Offer in accordance with the
        provisions described below in "The Tender Offer -- 18.
Certain
        Conditions of the Offer;" provided that neither Intel nor Purchaser
        shall have breached its own obligations under the Merger Agreement in
        any material respect that in any manner shall have proximately
        contributed in any material respect to the failure to commence, or
        termination of, the Offer.

     Effect of Termination.  
Upon termination, the Merger Agreement becomes void
provided that the confidentiality and fees and expenses provisions remain in
effect.
Also, termination will not relieve either party from liability for any
breach of the Merger Agreement before it was terminated.
No representations or
warranties made by the Company, Intel or Purchaser shall survive beyond a
termination of the Merger Agreement.

     
Liquidated Damages and Expenses.  
The Company has agreed to pay Intel $24
million as liquidated damages if the Merger Agreement is terminated as follows:

     - by the Company because the Company Board received a Superior Proposal and
       responded in a way that permitted its termination;

     - by Intel and Purchaser because the Company Board recommended to the
       Company's shareholders a Superior Proposal or the Company Board withdrew
       or adversely modified its approval or recommendation of the Merger
       Agreement, the Offer or the Merger;

     - by Intel and Purchaser if, at any time after the first date on which
       Purchaser has accepted Shares for payment pursuant to the Offer, the
       Company Board (with the concurrence of, or because of the vote of, one or
       more of the directors not affiliated with Intel) has stopped using all
       reasonable efforts to convene or hold a shareholders' meeting to vote on
       the Merger or shall have adopted a resolution not to effect any of the
       foregoing; or

     - by Intel and Purchaser because of a failure by the Company to perform its
       agreements in the Merger Agreement which entitles Intel and Purchaser to
       terminate the Merger Agreement, and either (1) at the time of such
       termination, a plan or proposal by a third party to consummate a Company
       Acquisition (as defined below) is outstanding or has been publicly
       announced, or (2) within 12 months of termination, the Company enters
       into an agreement with respect to a Company Acquisition or a Company
       Acquisition occurs involving any third party.
As used herein, a "Company
       Acquisition" means the occurrence of any of the following events: (1) the
       acquisition by a third party of fifty percent (50%) or more of the assets
       of the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole; (2) the
       acquisition by a third party of fifty percent (50%) or more of the
       outstanding Shares or any securities convertible into or exchangeable for
       Shares that would constitute fifty percent (50%) or more of the
       outstanding Shares upon such conversion or exchange, or any combination
       of the foregoing; (3) the acquisition by the Company of the assets or
       stock of a third party if, as a result of which the outstanding Shares of
       the Company immediately prior thereto are increased by one hundred
       percent (100%) or more; or (4) the merger, consolidation or business
       combination of the Company with or into a third party, where, following
       such merger, consolidation or business combination, the shareholders of
       the Company immediately prior to such transaction do not hold,
       immediately after such transaction, securities of the surviving entity
       constituting more than fifty percent (50%) of the total voting power of
       the surviving entity; or

     - by Intel and Purchaser due to the Minimum Condition not being satisfied
       which entitles Intel or Purchaser to terminate the Merger Agreement, and
       either (1) at the time of such termination, a plan or proposal by a third
       party to consummate a Company Acquisition is outstanding or has been
       publicly announced or (2) within 12 months of termination, the Company
       enters into an agreement with respect to a Company Acquisition or a
       Company Acquisition occurs involving any third party.

     
In addition, the Company has agreed to pay Intel up to $5 million as
reimbursement of its fees and expenses if the Merger Agreement is terminated as
follows:

     - by Intel and the Purchaser if the Merger has not been consummated by the
       Final Date, but only if due to a failure of the conditions set forth in
       paragraphs (b)(iv), (b)(v), (b)(vi) or (b)(vii) of Annex A to the Merger
       Agreement and described in "-- 18.
Certain Conditions of the Offer"
       below;

     - by the Company because the Company Board received a Superior Proposal and
       responded in a way that permitted its termination;

     - by Intel and Purchaser because the Company's representations or
       warranties in the Merger Agreement are breached or untrue such that the
       conditions to Intel's and Purchaser's obligations to complete the Merger
       could not be satisfied by the Final Date, so long as neither Intel nor
       Purchaser shall have breached its own obligations under the Merger
       Agreement in any material respect;

     - by Intel and Purchaser because the Company shall have failed to perform
       its covenants or agreements in the Merger Agreement, and this failure
       shall have had a Material Adverse Effect on the Company or

       materially adversely affected (or materially delayed) the ability of
       Intel, Purchaser or the Company to consummate the Offer or the Merger,
       and the Company shall not have cured such breach within 15 business days
       after notice by Intel or Purchaser thereof and provided that neither
       Intel nor Purchaser shall have breached its own obligations under the
       Merger Agreement in any material respect;

     - by Intel and Purchaser because the Company Board recommended to the
       Company's shareholders a Superior Proposal;

     - by Intel and Purchaser because the Company Board has withdrawn or
       adversely modified its approval or recommendation of the Offer or the
       Merger;

     - by Intel and Purchaser if, at any time after the first date on which
       Purchaser has accepted Shares for payment pursuant to the Offer, the
       Company Board (with the concurrence of, or because of the vote of, one or
       more of the directors not affiliated with Intel) has stopped using all
       reasonable efforts to convene or hold a shareholders' meeting to vote on
       the Merger or shall have adopted a resolution not to effect any of the
       foregoing; or

     - by Intel and Purchaser due to an occurrence, that if occurring after the
       commencement of the Offer would result in a failure to satisfy any of the
       conditions described below in "The Tender Offer -- 18.
Certain Conditions
       of the Offer," Purchaser shall have failed to commence the Offer within
       ten business days following the date of the initial public announcement
       of the Offer or Purchaser has terminated the Offer in accordance with the
       provisions described below in "The Tender Offer -- 18.
Certain Conditions
       of the Offer;" provided that neither Intel nor Purchaser shall have
       breached its own obligations under the Merger Agreement in any material
       respect that in any manner shall have proximately contributed in any
       material respect to the failure to commence, or termination of, the
       Offer.

     
Further, Intel has agreed to pay the Company up to $5 million as
reimbursement of its fees and expenses if the Merger Agreement is terminated by
the Company because:

     - Intel's and Purchaser's representations or warranties in the Merger
       Agreement are breached or untrue such that the conditions to the
       Company's obligation to complete the Merger could not be satisfied by the
       Final Date, so long as the Company shall not have breached its own
       obligations under the Merger Agreement in any material respect; or

     - Intel or Purchaser shall have failed to perform its agreements in the
       Merger Agreement, and this failure shall have had a Material Adverse
       Effect on Intel or materially adversely affected (or materially delayed)
       the ability of Intel, Purchaser or the Company to consummate the Offer
       and the Merger, and Intel or Purchaser, as the case may be, shall not
       have cured such breach within 15 business days after notice by the
       Company thereof and provided that the Company shall not have breached its
       own obligations under the Merger Agreement in any material respect.

     
If a request for expense reimbursement exceeds $2 million, the requesting
party shall accompany such request with invoices or other reasonable evidence of
its payment of such expenses.
Except as described above, whether or not the
Merger occurs, the parties to the Merger Agreement have agreed to pay their own
fees and expenses incurred in connection with the Merger Agreement and the
transactions contemplated thereby.

     
Extension and Waiver.  
At any time prior to the Effective Time, Intel,
Purchaser and the Company may agree to:

     - extend the time for the performance of any of the obligations or other
       acts of the other party;

     - waive any inaccuracies in the other's representations and warranties or
       any document, certificate or writing delivered pursuant to the Merger
       Agreement; or

     - waive the other's compliance with any of the agreements or conditions in
       the Merger Agreement.

     
Amendment.  
The Merger Agreement may be amended by the parties at any time
before or after the Company's shareholders approve the Merger.
However, any
change which by law requires the approval of the Company's shareholders will
require their subsequent approval to be effective.

  
Stock Option Agreement

     General.  
The following is only a summary of certain provisions of the
Stock Option Agreement.
Company shareholders should read the Stock Option
Agreement in its entirety.
A copy of the Stock Option Agreement is filed with
the Commission as an exhibit to Intel's and Purchaser's Tender Offer Statement
on Schedule TO.

     Option Grant.  
The Stock Option Agreement permits Intel to purchase up to
5,954,325 shares of Company Common Stock (or such other number of shares of
Company Common Stock as equals 19.9% of the issued and outstanding shares of
Company Common Stock at the time of the exercise of the option) at an exercise
price of $25 per share.
The total number of shares issuable upon exercise of the
option represents approximately 19.9% of Company Common Stock outstanding,
exclusive of treasury shares, on January 15, 2001 and approximately 16.6% of the
shares of Company Common Stock outstanding, exclusive of treasury shares, after
exercise of such option.

     
Exercise.  
Intel may exercise the option, in whole or in part, on or after
the earlier to occur of (1) termination of the Merger Agreement in a manner
obligating the Company to pay Intel the $24 million in liquidated damages (see
"-- The Merger Agreement -- Liquidated Damages and Expenses"), and (2) the date
on which Purchaser has accepted tendered Shares for payment, so long as the
number of shares to be acquired pursuant to the option plus the number of
tendered Shares will, upon issuance of the option shares, equal at least ninety
percent (90%) of the issued and outstanding shares of the Company (a "Trigger
Event").
If Intel wishes to exercise the option at such time as the option is
exercisable and has not terminated, Intel is required to deliver written notice
(the "Exercise Notice") to the Company specifying Intel's intention to exercise
the option, the total number of option shares it wishes to purchase and a date
and time for the closing of such purchase (an "Option Closing"), which date will
not be less than two days after the later of (1) the date such Exercise Notice
is given and (2) the expiration or termination of any applicable waiting period
under the HSR Act.

     
Certain Conditions.  
The obligation of the Company to issue option shares
under the Stock Option Agreement upon the exercise of the option is subject to
the satisfaction or waiver of the following conditions: (1) any waiting periods
applicable to the acquisition of the option shares by Intel pursuant to the
Stock Option Agreement under the HSR Act and any material foreign competition
laws shall have expired or been terminated; (2) the representations and
warranties of Intel made in the Stock Option Agreement shall be true and correct
in all material respects; and (3) no statute, rule or regulation shall be in
effect, and no order, decree or injunction entered by any court of competent
jurisdiction or governmental entity in the United States shall be in effect that
prohibits the exercise of the option or acquisition or issuance of option shares
pursuant to the Stock Option Agreement.

     
Adjustments Upon Changes in Capitalization.  
In the event of any change in
the number of issued and outstanding shares of Company Common Stock by reason of
any stock dividend, stock split, recapitalization, merger, rights offering,
share exchange or other change in the corporate or capital structure of the
Company, Intel shall receive, upon exercise of the option, the stock or other
securities, cash or property to which Intel would have been entitled if Intel
had exercised the option and had been a holder of record of shares of Company
Common Stock on the record date fixed for determination of holders of shares of
Company Common Stock entitled to receive such stock or other securities, cash or
property at the same aggregate price as the aggregate option price of the option
shares.

     
Cancellation Amount.  
After the option becomes exercisable and before the
option expires, Intel, instead of exercising the option, has the right at any
time thereafter (for so long as the option is exercisable) to request in writing
that the Company pay, and promptly (but in any event not more than ten business
days) after the

giving by Intel of such request, the Company shall pay to Intel, in cancellation
of the option, cash equal to an amount determined as follows:

     - the excess of the Market/Tender Offer Price (as defined below) over $25;

     - multiplied by the number of shares of Company Common Stock covered by the
       option.

     
As used in the Stock Option Agreement, "Market/Tender Offer Price" means
the higher of (1) the highest per share price of the Company Common Stock paid
as of such date pursuant to any tender or exchange offer or other Company
Acquisition and (2) the average of the closing sale prices of shares of Company
Common Stock on the Nasdaq National Market for the five trading days immediately
preceding the date Intel gives notice of its intent to exercise the option.

     Profit Limitation.  
Notwithstanding any other provision of the Stock Option
Agreement, in no event shall Intel's Total Profit (as defined below) exceed $35
million and, if it otherwise would exceed such amount, Intel, at its sole
election, shall either (1) deliver to the Company for cancellation shares of
Company Common Stock previously purchased by Intel, (2) pay cash or other
consideration to the Company or (3) undertake any combination thereof, so that
Intel's Total Profit shall not exceed $35 million after taking into account the
foregoing actions.
As used herein, the term "Total Profit" shall mean the
aggregate amount (before taxes) of the following: (1) the amount received by
Intel pursuant to the Company's repurchase of the Option, (2)(a) the net cash
amounts received by Intel pursuant to the sale of option shares (or any other
securities into which such shares are converted or exchanged) to any
unaffiliated party, less (b) Intel's purchase price for such shares, and (3) the
aggregate amount received by Intel from the Company as liquidated damages under
the Merger Agreement.

     
Expiration.  
The Option shall expire at the earlier of (1) the Effective
Time and (2) 5:00 p.m., California time, on the day that is the one (1) year
anniversary of the date on which the Merger Agreement has been terminated in
accordance with the terms thereof.

     
Registration Rights.  
Intel may, by written notice (a "Registration
Notice"), request at any time or from time to time within three years following
a Trigger Event (the "Registration Period"), in order to permit the sale,
transfer or other disposition of the option shares that have been acquired by or
are issuable to Intel upon exercise of the option or any other shares of Company
Common Stock that are held by Intel during the Registration Period ("Registrable
Securities"), that the Company register under the Securities Act, the offering,
sale and delivery, or other transfer or disposition, of the Registrable
Securities by Intel.
Any such Registration Notice must relate to a number of
Registrable Securities equal to at least twenty percent (20%) of the option
shares, unless the remaining number of Registrable Securities is less than such
amount, in which case Intel will be entitled to exercise its rights thereunder
but only for all of the remaining Registrable Securities (a "Permitted
Offering").
Intel's registration rights under the Stock Option Agreement
terminate at such time as Intel shall be entitled to sell all of the remaining
Registrable Securities pursuant to Rule 144(k) under the Act.
The Company is
required to use all reasonable efforts to qualify any Registrable Securities
Intel desires to sell or otherwise dispose of under applicable state securities
or "blue sky" laws; provided, however, that the Company is not required to
qualify to do business, consent to general service of process or submit to
taxation in any jurisdiction by reason of this provision.
Without Intel's prior
written consent (which may be withheld in its sole discretion), no other
securities are permitted to be included in any such registration.

     
The Company is required to use all reasonable efforts to cause each such
registration statement to become effective as promptly as possible, to obtain
all consents or waivers of other persons that are required therefor and to keep
such registration statement effective for a period of at least 120 days from the
day such registration statement first becomes effective.
The obligations of the
Company pursuant to the Stock Option Agreement to file a registration statement
and to maintain its effectiveness may be suspended for one or more periods not
exceeding 90 days in any 12 month period if the Company Board determines in good
faith that the filing of such registration statement or the maintenance of its
effectiveness would require disclosure of nonpublic information that would
materially and adversely affect the Company, or the Company is required under
the Act to include audited financial statements for any period in such
registration statement and such

financial statements are not yet available for inclusion in such registration
statement.
Intel shall be entitled to make up to three demand requests for
registration of options shares under the Stock Option Agreement.
For purposes of
determining whether the three demand requests have been made, only requests
relating to a registration statement that has become effective under the Act
will be counted.

     
If, during the Registration Period, the Company shall propose to register
under the Act the offering, sale and delivery of Company Common Stock for cash
for its own account or for any other shareholder of the Company pursuant to a
firm commitment underwriting, the Company is required to, in addition to its
other obligations under the Stock Option Agreement, allow Intel the right to
participate in such registration so long as Intel participates in such
underwriting on terms reasonably satisfactory to the managing underwriters of
such offering; provided, however, that, if the managing underwriter of such
offering advises the Company in writing that in its opinion the number of shares
of Company Common Stock requested to be included in such registration exceeds
the number that it would be in the best interests of the Company to sell in such
offering, the Company will, after fully including therein all shares of Company
Common Stock to be sold by the Company, include the shares of Company Common
Stock requested to be included therein by Intel pro rata (based on the number of
shares of Company Common Stock requested to be included therein) with the shares
of Company Common Stock requested to be included therein by persons other than
the Company and persons to whom the Company owes a contractual obligation (other
than any director, officer or employee of the Company to the extent any such
person is not currently owed such contractual obligation).

     
The expenses associated with the preparation and filing of any registration
statement filed in connection with Intel's exercise of its registration rights
under the Stock Option Agreement and any sale covered thereby (including any
fees related to blue sky qualifications and filing fees in respect of the
Commission or the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. and fees and
disbursements of counsel to Intel)
("Registration Expenses") will be paid by the
Company, except for underwriting discounts or commissions or brokers' fees in
respect of shares of Company Common Stock to be sold by Intel.
The Company is
not required to pay for any Registration Expenses with respect to such
registration if the registration request is subsequently withdrawn at the
request of Intel unless Intel agrees to forfeit its right to request one
registration; provided, however, that, if at the time of such withdrawal Intel
has learned of a material adverse change in the results of operations,
condition, business or prospects of the Company not known to Intel at the time
of the request and has withdrawn the request within a reasonable period of time
following disclosure by the Company to Intel of such material adverse change,
then Intel shall not be required to pay any of such expenses and shall not
forfeit such right to request one registration.

     
Upon the issuance of option shares, the Company will use all commercially
reasonable efforts to promptly list the option shares on the Nasdaq National
Market or on any other exchange on which the Company Common Stock is then
listed.

  
Tender and Voting Agreement

     The following is only a summary of certain provisions of the Tender and
Voting Agreement (the "Voting Agreement"), dated January 15, 2001, by and among
Intel, the Purchaser and Dirk I. Gates.
Company shareholders should read the
Voting Agreement in its entirety.
A copy of the Voting Agreement is filed with
the Commission as an exhibit to Intel's and Purchaser's Tender Offer Statement
on Schedule TO.

     
Tender of Shares.  
In connection with the execution of the Merger
Agreement, Intel and Purchaser entered into the Voting Agreement with a
shareholder of the Company, Dirk I. Gates, who beneficially owns 674,333 Shares,
representing approximately 2.3% of the issued and outstanding Shares.
Pursuant
to the Voting Agreement, upon the terms and subject to the conditions therein,
Mr. Gates has agreed to, promptly after the date of commencement of the Offer
(but in all events not later than ten business days thereafter), tender to
Purchaser all Shares beneficially owned by him.

     
Voting of Shares.  
Mr. Gates has also agreed to vote all Shares
beneficially owned by him in accordance with the Voting Agreement, including (1)
in favor of approval of the Merger Agreement and any actions required in
furtherance thereof, including the election of designees of Intel as directors
of the Company on the terms set forth in the Merger Agreement; (2) against any
action or agreement that would result in a breach in

any respect of any covenant, representation or warranty or any other obligation
or agreement of the Company under the Merger Agreement; and (3) except as
otherwise agreed to in writing in advance by Intel, against: (a) any Third Party
Acquisition, (b) any change in a majority of the individuals who, as of January
15, 2001, constitute the Company Board (other than as contemplated by the Merger
Agreement), (c) any extraordinary corporate transaction, such as a merger,
consolidation or other business combination involving the Company or any of its
subsidiaries and any third party, (d) a sale, lease, transfer or disposition of
any assets of the Company's or any of its subsidiaries' business outside the
ordinary course of business, or any assets which are material to its business
whether or not in the ordinary course of business, (e) any change in the present
capitalization of the Company or any amendment of the Company's Articles of
Incorporation or bylaws, (f) any other material change in the Company's
corporate structure or affecting its business, or (g) any other action which is
intended, or could reasonably be expected, to impede, interfere with, delay,
postpone or materially adversely affect the Offer, the Merger or any of the
other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, the Stock Option
Agreement, or the Voting Agreement.

     
Restriction on Transfer, Proxies and Non-Interference.  
Mr. Gates has
agreed not to, except as contemplated by the Merger Agreement or the Voting
Agreement, directly or indirectly: (1) offer for sale, sell, transfer, tender,
pledge, encumber, assign or otherwise dispose of, or enter into any contract,
option or other arrangement or understanding with respect to or consent to the
offer for sale, sale, transfer, tender, pledge, encumbrance, assignment or other
disposition of, any or all of his Shares or any interest therein; (2) grant any
proxies or powers of attorney, deposit any Shares into a voting trust or enter
into a voting agreement with respect to any Shares; or (3) take any action that
would make any representation or warranty made by him untrue or incorrect or
have the effect of preventing or disabling him from performing his obligations
under the Voting Agreement.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Mr. Gates has the
right to transfer Shares to (1) any family member, (2) the trustee or trustees
of a trust for the benefit of Mr. Gates and/or one or more family members and/or
charitable organizations, (3) a partnership of which Mr. Gates and/or family
members owns a majority of the partnership interests, (4) a limited liability
company of which Mr. Gates and/or any family members owns a majority of the
membership interests, (5) the executor, administrator or personal representative
of the estate of Mr. Gates, or (6) any guardian, trustee or conservator
appointed with respect to the assets of Mr. Gates; provided that in the case of
any such transfer, the transferee shall, as a condition to such transfer,
execute an agreement to be bound by the terms of the Voting Agreement, or terms
substantially identical thereto.

     
Other Potential Acquirors.  
Mr. Gates (1) is required to immediately cease
any discussions or negotiations with any parties with respect to any Third Party
Acquisition; (2) has agreed not to, directly or indirectly, encourage, solicit,
participate in or initiate discussions or negotiations with or provide any
information to any person or group (other than Intel and Purchaser) concerning
any Third Party Acquisition; and (3) has agreed to promptly notify Intel in the
event he receives any proposal or inquiry concerning a Third Party Acquisition
(including the terms and conditions thereof and the identity of the party
submitting such proposal, and any request for confidential information in
connection with a potential Third Party Acquisition), provide a copy of any
written materials he receives from any such person or group and advise Intel
from time to time of the status, at any time upon Intel's request, and promptly
following any developments concerning the same.

     
Representations and Warranties.  
The Voting Agreement contains certain
customary representations and warranties of the parties thereto, including,
without limitation, representations and warranties by Mr. Gates as to ownership
of Shares and power and authority.

     
Director Matters Excluded.  
In the Voting Agreement, Intel and Mr. Gates
have each acknowledged and agreed that no provision thereof limits or otherwise
restricts Mr. Gates with respect to any act or omission that he may undertake or
authorize in his capacity as a director of the Company, including, without
limitation, any vote that he may make as a director of the Company with respect
to any matter presented to the Company Board.

     
Termination.  
The Voting Agreement expires upon the earlier of (1) the date
on which the Merger Agreement terminates in accordance with its terms, (2) the
date on which Purchaser has accepted tendered shares for payment, and (3) May
15, 2001.

14.
INTERESTS OF CERTAIN PERSONS IN THE MERGER

  Change of Control Agreements

     The Company is party to Change of Control Agreements ("CICs") with 14 of
its employees, including all of its executive officers.
Consummation of the
Offer will constitute a "change of control" under these agreements.
Accordingly,
each executive will automatically receive acceleration of twelve (12) months of
vesting of his stock options at the time the Offer is consummated.
In addition,
if an executive's employment is involuntarily terminated within two years
following consummation of the Offer, or the executive voluntarily terminates
employment after consummation of the Offer for "Good Reason," then the executive
is entitled to certain additional severance payments and entitlements.
"Good
Reason" is generally defined as a substantial alteration or reduction in duties
and responsibilities, a reduction in salary or bonus eligibility affecting the
executive individually (as opposed to across the board reductions impacting all
executives equally), reassignment to a different geographic location, or refusal
of the successor entity to assume the CIC.
Company shareholders should read the
form of CIC in its entirety.
A copy of the form of CIC is filed with the
Commission as an exhibit to the Company's Solicitation/Recommendation Statement
on Schedule 14D-9.

  
Employment Agreements and Noncompete Agreement

     The following summarizes certain provisions of employment agreements and a
noncompete agreement entered into between Intel and certain employees of the
Company.
At the time Intel entered into the Merger Agreement, Intel also entered
into employment agreements, dated as of January 15, 2001, with Dirk Gates, the
Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer, Marc Devis, Senior
Vice President, Worldwide Sales and Marketing, Steve DeGennaro, Vice President
Finance and Chief Financial Officer, Sam Bass, Senior Vice President, Worldwide
Operations, Jeffrey Tang, Vice President and Managing Director -- Malaysia,
Boguslaw Piekarski, Vice President and General Manager -- Wireless Technology
and Mick Conley, Senior Director  -- Access Business Products (collectively, the
"Intel Employment Agreements").
The Intel Employment Agreements will become
effective after the time that Intel accepts Shares for purchase in the Offer and
are contingent on the acceptance of such Shares.
In connection with his Intel
Employment Agreement, Mr. Gates has entered into an agreement not to compete
with Intel (the "Noncompete Agreement").
Company shareholders should read the
Intel Employment Agreements and the Noncompete Agreement in their entirety.

Copies of these agreements are filed with the Commission as exhibits to Intel's
and Purchaser's Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO.

     
The Intel Employment Agreements provide that each employee shall be
employed "at will," and that either Intel or the employee may terminate
employment with or without cause at any time.
Each employee subject to an Intel
Employment Agreement will also be granted options to purchase Intel common
stock, subject to a vesting schedule set forth in the Intel Employment
Agreement.
In addition, each employee subject to an Intel Employment Agreement
has agreed that his move to the position described in his respective Intel
Employment Agreement and the associated responsibilities does not constitute
"Good Reason" under the CIC, with the exception of Mr. Conley, who is not a
party to a CIC.
Furthermore, in connection with their respective Intel
Employment Agreements, each employee will execute a proprietary information and
inventions agreement.

     
Pursuant to his Noncompete Agreement, Mr. Gates has agreed that, for the
three-year period commencing on January 15, 2001, he will not engage in the
Company's business in either business areas or geographic regions where the
Company does business, with certain very limited exceptions.
The Noncompete
Agreement also provides for a three-year non-solicitation of Company customers
and employees.

  
1992 Director Stock Option Plan

     Pursuant to the terms of the Company's 1992 Director Stock Option Plan, as
a result of the consummation of the Merger, vesting of the stock options held by
the Company's outside directors will accelerate.
Assuming a purchase price of
$25 per share and the exercise of all in the money stock options accelerated
under the 1992 Director Stock Option Plan, each of Michael F.G. Ashby, Kenneth
J. Biba, Gary J. Bowen, William J. Schroeder and Delbert W. Yocam will recognize
a gain above the exercise price of his options in the amount of $170,625.

  
Indemnification; Directors' and Officers' Insurance

     Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, after acceptance of Shares for payment in
the Offer, the Company shall indemnify and hold harmless (and shall also advance
expenses as incurred to the fullest extent permitted under applicable law to),
to the extent not covered by insurance, the Company's officers and directors
(the "Indemnitees") against (1) all losses, claims, damages, costs, expenses
(including counsel fees and expenses), settlement, payments or liabilities
arising out of or in connection with any claim, demand, action, suit, proceeding
or investigation based in whole or in part on or arising in whole or in part out
of the fact that such person is or was an officer or director of the Company or
any of its subsidiaries, whether or not pertaining to any matter existing or
occurring at or prior to the Effective Time and whether or not asserted or
claimed prior to or at or after the Effective Time ("Indemnified Liabilities");
and (2) all Indemnified Liabilities based in whole or in part on or arising in
whole or in part out of or pertaining to the Merger Agreement or the
transactions contemplated thereby to the fullest extent required or permitted
under applicable law.

     
The Merger Agreement also requires that, from and after the Effective Time,
Intel shall cause the Surviving Corporation to fulfill and honor in all respects
the obligations of the Company pursuant to any indemnification agreements
between the Company and its directors and officers as of or prior to January 15,
2001 (or indemnification agreements in the Company's customary form for
directors joining the Company Board prior to the Effective Time) and any
indemnification provisions under the Company's Articles of Incorporation or
bylaws as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time.
The Surviving
Corporation's aggregate obligation to indemnify and hold harmless all
indemnified persons for all matters to which such indemnified persons may be
entitled to be indemnified or held harmless as described above shall in no event
exceed the Company's net worth at the Effective Time.

     
In addition, the Merger Agreement provides that, for a period of six years
after the Effective Time, Intel will maintain or cause the Surviving Corporation
to maintain in effect, if available, directors' and officers' liability
insurance covering those persons who, as of immediately prior to the Effective
Time, are covered by the Company's directors' and officers' liability insurance
policy (the "Insured Parties") on terms no less favorable to the Insured Parties
than those of the Company's present directors' and officers' liability insurance
policy; provided, however, that in no event will Intel or the Surviving
Corporation be required to expend on an annual basis in excess of two hundred
percent (200%) of the annual premium currently paid by the Company for such
coverage (or such coverage as is available for two hundred percent (200%) of
such annual premium); provided, further, that, in lieu of maintaining such
existing insurance as provided above, Intel, at its election, may cause coverage
to be provided under any policy maintained for the benefit of Intel or any of
its subsidiaries, so long as the terms are not materially less advantageous to
the intended beneficiaries thereof than such existing insurance.


15.
GOING PRIVATE TRANSACTIONS

     The Merger must comply with any applicable Federal law at the time of its
consummation.
Rule 13e-3 under the Exchange Act is applicable to certain "going
private" transactions.
Intel and Purchaser do not believe that Rule 13e-3 will
be applicable to the Merger unless the Merger is consummated more than one year
after the Offer.
If applicable, Rule 13e-3 requires, among other things, that
certain financial information concerning the Company and certain information
relating to the fairness of the Merger and the consideration offered to minority
shareholders be filed with the Commission and disclosed to minority shareholders
prior to the consummation of the Merger.


16.
DIVIDENDS AND DISTRIBUTIONS

     
According to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year
ended September 30, 2000, the Company has not paid cash dividends since its
initial public offering and does not intend to pay any dividends for the
foreseeable future.
Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, the Company
is not permitted, without the prior written consent of Intel, to split, combine
or reclassify the outstanding Shares or declare, set aside or pay any dividend
payable in cash, stock or property with respect to the Shares, or redeem or
otherwise acquire any of the Shares or any securities of any of its
subsidiaries.


17.
EFFECTS OF THE OFFER ON THE MARKET FOR THE SHARES; NASDAQ NATIONAL MARKET;
    EXCHANGE ACT REGISTRATION; MARGIN REGULATIONS

  Possible Effects of the Offer on the Market for the Shares

     The purchase of Shares by Purchaser pursuant to the Offer will reduce the
number of Shares that might otherwise trade publicly and the number of holders
of Shares, and could thereby adversely affect the liquidity and market value of
the remaining publicly held Shares.
It is expected that, following the Offer, a
large percentage of the Shares will be owned by Purchaser.
Purchaser cannot
predict whether the reduction in the number of Shares that might otherwise trade
publicly would have an adverse or beneficial effect on the market price for, or
marketability of, the Shares or whether it would cause future market prices to
be greater or less than the Offer Price.

  
Nasdaq National Market

     Depending upon the number of Shares purchased pursuant to the Offer, the
Shares may no longer meet the requirements of the National Association of
Securities Dealers, Inc.
(the "NASD") for continued inclusion on the Nasdaq
National Market.
The maintenance for continued inclusion requires the Company to
substantially meet one of two maintenance standards.
The Company must have
either (1)(a) at least 750,000 publicly held shares, (b) at least 400
shareholders of round lots, (c) a market value of at least $5 million, (d) a
minimum bid price per Share of $1.00, (e) at least two registered and active
market makers for its Shares and (f) net tangible assets of at least $4 million,
or (2)(a) at least, 1,100,000 publicly held shares, (b) at least 400
shareholders of round lots, (c) a market value of at least $15 million, (d)
either (i) a market capitalization of at least $50 million or (ii) total assets
and total revenue of at least $50 million each for the most recently completed
fiscal year or two of the last three most recently completed fiscal years, (e) a
minimum bid price per Share of $5.00 and (f) at least four registered and active
market makers.
Shares held directly or indirectly by directors, officers or
beneficial owners or more than 10% of the Shares are not considered as being
publicly held for this purpose.

     
If, as a result of the purchase of Shares pursuant to the Offer or
otherwise, the Shares no longer meet the requirements of the NASD for continued
inclusion in the Nasdaq National Market or in any other tier of the Nasdaq Stock
Market, and the Shares are, in fact, no longer included in the Nasdaq National
Market or in any other tier of the Nasdaq Stock Market, the market for Shares
could be adversely affected.
In the event that the Shares no longer meet the
requirements of the NASD for continued inclusion in any tier of the Nasdaq Stock
Market, it may be possible that the Shares would continue to trade in the
over-the-counter market and that price quotations would be reported by other
sources.
The extent of the public market for the Shares and the availability of
such quotations would, however, depend upon the number of the holders of Shares
remaining at such time, the interest in maintaining a market in Shares on the
part of the securities firms, the possible termination of registration of the
Shares under the Exchange Act, as described below, and other factors.

  
Exchange Act Registration

     The Shares are currently registered under the Exchange Act.
Registration of
the Shares under the Exchange Act may be terminated upon application by the
Company to the Commission if the Shares are not listed on a national securities
exchange and there are fewer than 300 record holders.
Termination of the

Exchange Act registration of the Shares would substantially reduce the
information required to be furnished by the Company to holders of Shares and to
the Commission and would make certain provisions of the Exchange Act, such as
the short-swing profit recovery provisions of Section 16(b), the requirements of
furnishing a proxy statement in connection with shareholders' meetings and the
requirements of Rule 13e-3 under the Exchange Act with respect to "going
private" transactions, no longer applicable to the Shares.
In addition,
"affiliates" of the Company and persons holding "restricted securities" of the
Company may be deprived of the ability to dispose of such securities pursuant to
Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act.
If registration of the Shares
under the Exchange Act was terminated, the Shares would no longer be "margin
securities" or be eligible for Nasdaq National Market reporting.
Intel currently
intends to seek to cause the Company to terminate the registration of the Shares
under the Exchange Act as soon after consummation of the Offer as the
requirements for termination of registration are met.

  
Margin Regulations

     The Shares are currently "margin securities" under the regulations of the
Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the "Federal Reserve Board"),
which has the effect, among other things, of allowing brokers to extend credit
on the collateral of such Shares for the purpose of buying, carrying or trading
in securities ("Purpose Loans").
Depending upon factors similar to those
described above regarding the continued listing, public trading and market
quotations of the Shares, it is possible that, following the purchase of the
Shares pursuant to the Offer, the Shares would no longer constitute "margin
securities" for the purposes of the margin regulations of the Federal Reserve
Board and therefore could no longer be used as collateral for Purpose Loans made
by brokers.


18.
CERTAIN CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER

     Notwithstanding any other provision of the Offer or the Merger Agreement,
and subject to any applicable rules and regulations of the Commission, including
Rule 14e-1(c) relating to Purchaser's obligation to pay for or return tendered
Shares after termination of the Offer, Purchaser shall not be required to accept
for payment or pay for any Shares tendered pursuant to the Offer, may delay the
acceptance for payment of any Shares or extend the Offer one or more times
pursuant to the Merger Agreement and may terminate the Offer at any time after
the earlier of (A) the termination of the Merger Agreement in accordance with
its terms and (B) March 31, 2001 (provided that if on March 31, 2001 the
condition set forth below regarding the HSR Act is not satisfied and none of the
events set forth in any of the paragraphs below has occurred and is continuing,
then such date shall be automatically extended to May 15, 2001), if (1) the
Minimum Condition shall not have been satisfied at the expiration of the Offer;
(2) any applicable waiting period under the HSR Act has not expired or
terminated; (3) all necessary consents and approvals from any foreign
governmental entities shall not have been obtained; or (4) at any time after the
date of the Merger Agreement, and before acceptance for payment of any Shares,
any of the following events shall occur and be continuing:

     - there shall have been any action taken, or any statute, rule, regulation,
       judgment, order or injunction promulgated, entered, enforced, enacted,
       issued or deemed applicable to the Offer or the Merger by any domestic or
       foreign court or other governmental entity which directly or indirectly
       (a) prohibits, or makes illegal, the acceptance for payment, payment for
       or purchase of Shares or the consummation of the Offer, the Merger or the
       other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, (b) renders
       Purchaser unable to accept for payment, pay for or purchase some or all
       of the Shares, (c) imposes material limitations on the ability of Intel
       effectively to exercise full rights of ownership of the Shares, including
       the right to vote the Shares purchased by it on all matters properly
       presented to the Company's shareholders, or (d) otherwise has a Material
       Adverse Effect on the Company;

     - (a) the representations and warranties of the Company contained in the
       Merger Agreement shall not be true and correct (except to the extent that
       the aggregate of all breaches thereof would not have a Material Adverse
       Effect on the Company) at the date hereof and as of the consummation of
       the Offer with the same effect as if made at and as of the consummation
       of the Offer (except to the extent such representations specifically
       relate to an earlier date, in which case the representations shall be
       true and correct as of the earlier date, and in any event, subject to the
       foregoing Material Adverse Effect

       qualification), (b) the Company shall have failed in any material respect
       to perform its covenants and obligations contained in the Merger
       Agreement, (c) there shall have occurred any events or changes that
       constitute a Material Adverse Effect on the Company, (d) as of any time
       Intel is preparing for the first acceptance of Shares for payment
       pursuant to the Offer (the "Final Statement Date"), the total of the
       Company's cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments ("Total
       Cash") (calculated pursuant to Schedule A-1 to Annex A of the Merger
       Agreement) shall be less than $253 million, (e) as of the Final Statement
       Date, the sum of the Company's Net Working Capital (as defined in and
       calculated pursuant to Schedule A-1 to Annex A of the Merger Agreement)
       and Total Cash shall be less than $288 million, (f) if the first purchase
       of Shares under the Offer shall not have occurred prior to March 31,
       2001, the Company's revenue for the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2001
       (determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles,
       consistently applied and in compliance with the principles set forth in
       Schedule A-1 to Annex A of the Merger Agreement) shall have been less
       than $96 million, and notwithstanding any other provision of the Offer,
       in order to allow for a determination of such revenues Purchaser may
       extend the Offer to the later of April 10, 2001 and the date on which all
       conditions to the Offer have been satisfied; or (g) the Company shall (i)
       at any time have failed in any material respect to comply with the
       Company's manufacturing plan that was previously delivered to and
       acknowledged in writing by Intel, (ii) have reduced by more than ten
       percent (10%) total headcount or expenditures as detailed in the
       Company's engineering plan that was previously delivered to and
       acknowledged in writing by Intel, or (iii) not have expended at least
       $2.2 million per fiscal quarter for capital expenditures pursuant to the
       Company's capital expenditure plan that was previously delivered to and
       acknowledged in writing by Intel;

     - it shall have been publicly disclosed or Intel shall have otherwise
       learned that (a) any person or "group" (as defined in Section l3(d)(3) of
       the Exchange Act) shall have acquired or entered into a definitive
       agreement or agreement in principle to acquire beneficial ownership of
       more than twenty percent (20%) of the Shares or any other class of
       capital stock of the Company, through the acquisition of stock, the
       formation of a group or otherwise, or shall have been granted any option,
       right or warrant, conditional or otherwise, to acquire beneficial
       ownership of more than twenty percent (20%) of the Shares and (b) such
       person or group shall not have tendered such Shares pursuant to the
       Offer;

     - the Company Board shall have withdrawn, or modified or changed in a
       manner adverse to Intel and Purchaser (including by amendment of the
       Schedule 14D-9), its recommendation of the Offer, the Merger Agreement or
       the Merger, or recommended another proposal or offer, or the Company
       Board, shall have resolved to do any of the foregoing;

     - the Merger Agreement shall have terminated in accordance with its terms;
       or

     - there shall have occurred (a) any general suspension of trading in, or
       limitation on prices for, securities on the New York Stock Exchange or
       the Nasdaq National Market, for a period in excess of 24 hours (excluding
       suspensions or limitations resulting solely from physical damage or
       interference with such exchanges not related to market conditions), (b)
       the commencement of a war, armed hostilities or other national or
       international calamity directly or indirectly involving the United States
       that constitutes a Material Adverse Effect on the Company or materially
       adversely affects or delays the consummation of the Offer, (c) the
       average of the closing prices of the Standard & Poor's 500 Index for any
       20 consecutive trading days shall be twenty-five percent (25%) or more
       below the closing price of such index on any trading day on or after the
       date hereof that precedes the commencement of such 20 trading day period,
       (d) a declaration of a banking moratorium or any suspension of payments
       in respect of banks in the United States (whether or not mandatory), or
       (e) in the case of any of the foregoing existing at the time of the
       commencement of the Offer, a material acceleration or worsening thereof;
       which in the good faith judgment of Intel, in any such case, and
       regardless of the circumstances (including any action or inaction by
       Intel) giving rise to such condition makes it inadvisable to proceed with
       the Offer or the acceptance for payment of or payment for the Shares.

     
The foregoing conditions (other than the Minimum Condition) are for the
sole benefit of Intel and Purchaser and, subject to the Merger Agreement, may be
waived by Intel and Purchaser, in whole or in part at any time and from time to
time, in the sole discretion of Intel and Purchaser.
The failure by Intel and
Purchaser at any time to exercise any of the foregoing rights shall not be
deemed a waiver of any such right and each such right shall be deemed an ongoing
right which may be asserted at any time and from time to time.


19.
CERTAIN LEGAL MATTERS; REGULATORY APPROVALS

  General

     Except as described below, neither Intel nor Purchaser is aware of any
license or regulatory permit that appears to be material to the business of the
Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, that might be adversely affected
by Purchaser's acquisition of Shares pursuant to the Offer, or of any approval
or other action by any governmental, administrative or regulatory agency or
authority or public body, domestic or foreign, that would be required for the
acquisition or ownership of Shares pursuant to the Offer.
Should any such
approval or other action be required, it is presently contemplated that such
approval or other action will be sought except as described below in this
section under "State Law Considerations; Takeover Statutes."
While, except as
otherwise expressly described herein, Purchaser does not currently intend to
delay the acceptance for payment of Shares tendered pursuant to the Offer
pending the outcome of any such matter, there can be no guarantee that any such
approval or other action, if needed, would be obtained without substantial
conditions or that adverse consequences might not result to the Company's
business or that certain parts of the Company's business might not have to be
disposed of in the event that such approvals were not obtained or such other
actions were not taken or in order to obtain any such approval or other action,
any of which could cause Intel and Purchaser to decline to accept for payment or
pay for any Shares tendered.
Purchaser's obligation under the Offer to accept
for payment and pay for Shares is subject to the Offer Conditions, including
conditions relating to legal matters discussed in this section.

     
Intel does not believe that consummation of the Offer and the other
transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement will result in the violation
of any applicable antitrust laws.
However, there can be no guarantee that a
challenge to the Offer and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger
Agreement on antitrust grounds will not be made, or if such a challenge is made,
what the result will be.
See "-- 18.
Certain Conditions of the Offer" for more
detailed information regarding certain conditions to the purchase of the Shares
pursuant to the Offer, including conditions with respect to litigation and
certain governmental actions.

  
United States Anti-Trust Approval

     Under the HSR Act and the rules that have been promulgated thereunder by
the Federal Trade Commission ("FTC"), certain acquisition transactions may not
be consummated unless certain information has been furnished to the Antitrust
Division of the Department of Justice (the "Antitrust Division") and the FTC and
certain waiting period requirements have been satisfied.
The acquisition of
Shares pursuant to the Offer is subject to these requirements.

     
Intel expects to file a Notification and Report Form with respect to the
Offer under the HSR Act as soon as practicable following commencement of the
Offer.
The waiting period under the HSR Act with respect to the Offer will
expire at 11:59 p.m., Washington, D.C. time, on the 15th calendar day after the
date such form is filed, unless early termination of the waiting period is
granted.
In addition, the Antitrust Division or the FTC may extend such waiting
period by requesting additional information or documentary material from Intel.

If such a request is made with respect to the Offer, the waiting period related
to the Offer will expire at 11:59 p.m., Washington, D.C. time, on the 10th day
after substantial compliance by Intel with such request.
With respect to each
acquisition, the Antitrust Division or the FTC may issue only one request for
additional information.
In practice, complying with a request for additional
information or material can take a significant amount of time.
In addition, if
the Antitrust Division or the FTC raises substantive issues in connection with a
proposed transaction, the parties may engage in negotiations with the relevant
governmental agency concerning possible means of addressing those issues and may
agree to delay consummation of the transaction

while such negotiations continue.
Expiration or termination of applicable
waiting periods under the HSR Act is a condition to Purchaser's obligation to
accept for payment and pay for Shares tendered pursuant to the Offer.

     
The Antitrust Division and the FTC frequently scrutinize the legality under
the antitrust laws of transactions such as the proposed purchase of the Shares
pursuant to the Offer.
At any time before or after such purchase, the Antitrust
Division or the FTC could take such action under the antitrust laws as it deems
necessary or desirable in the public interest, including seeking to enjoin the
transaction or seeking divestiture of the Shares so acquired or divestiture of
substantial assets of Intel or the Company.
Litigation seeking similar relief
could be brought by private parties.

  
Federal Republic of Germany

     The German Cartel Act provides for notice of certain intended transactions
considered to be combinations to be filed with the German Federal Cartel Office
(the "Cartel Office").
Pursuant to the German Cartel Act, the Cartel Office may
issue a prohibition order with respect to any combination of the Company's
business operations in the Federal Republic of Germany with those of the
Purchaser or any of its affiliates, if the Cartel Office determines that a
market dominating position in the Federal Republic of Germany would be created
or strengthened as a result of such a combination, unless that enterprises
involved prove that improvements in the competitive situation resulting from the
combination would outweigh the disadvantages of market domination.
The Cartel
Office could also, in lieu of issuing a prohibition order, allow the transaction
subject to conditions and obligations designed to eliminate or restrict any
anticompetitive effects in the Federal Republic of Germany resulting from the
combination.

     
The Purchaser intends to cause a notice to be filed with the Cartel Office
and to obtain clearance of the combination by the Cartel Office prior to
consummation of the Offer.
There can be no guarantee that a challenge to the
Offer by the Cartel Office will not be made, or, if such challenge is made, of
the result.
See Section 18 of this Offer to Purchase for certain conditions to
the Offer, including conditions with respect to certain governmental actions.

  
Other

     Certain other countries have regulatory requirements that may be applicable
to the Offer and the Merger.
The parties are in the process of determining
whether and to what extent such requirements are applicable and, if so, what
impact such requirements would have on the timing of the Offer and the Merger.

  
State Law Considerations; Takeover Statutes

     The CCC provides that, except where the fairness of the terms and
conditions of the transaction has been approved by the California Commissioner
of Corporations and except in a "short-form" merger (the merger of a parent
corporation with a subsidiary in which the parent owns at least 90% of the
outstanding shares of each class of the subsidiary's stock), if the surviving
corporation or its parent corporation owns, directly or indirectly, shares of
the target corporation representing more than 50% of the voting power of the
target corporation prior to the merger, the nonredeemable common stock of a
target corporation may be converted only into nonredeemable common stock of the
surviving corporation or its parent corporation, unless all of the shareholders
of the class consent.
The effect of this provision is to prohibit a cash-out
merger of minority shareholders, except where the majority shareholders already
own 90% or more of the voting power of the target corporation and could,
therefore, effect a short-form merger to accomplish such a cash-out of minority
shareholders.

     
A number of states have adopted "takeover" statutes that purport to apply
to attempts to acquire corporations that are incorporated in such states, or
whose business operations have substantial economic effects in such states, or
which have substantial assets, security holders, employees, principal executive
offices or places of business in such states.

     
In Edgar v. MITE Corporation, the Supreme Court of the United States
invalidated on constitutional grounds the Illinois Business Takeover Act, which,
as a matter of state securities law, made takeovers of corporations meeting
certain requirements more difficult.
However, in CTS Corp. v. Dynamics Corp. of
America, the Supreme Court held that a state may, as a matter of corporate law
and, in particular, those laws concerning corporate governance, constitutionally
disqualify a potential acquirer from voting on the affairs of a target
corporation without prior approval of the remaining shareholders, provided that
such laws were applicable only under certain conditions, in particular, that the
corporation has a substantial number of shareholders in the state and is
incorporated there.

     
Based on information supplied by the Company, Intel and Purchaser do not
believe that any state takeover statutes purport to apply to the Offer or the
Merger.
Neither Purchaser nor Intel has currently complied with any other state
takeover statute or regulation.
Intel reserves the right to challenge the
applicability or validity of any other state law purportedly applicable to the
Offer or the Merger and nothing in this Offer to Purchase or any action taken in
connection with the Offer or the Merger is intended as a waiver of such right.

If it is asserted that any other state takeover statute is applicable to the
Offer or the Merger and if an appropriate court does not determine that it is
inapplicable or invalid as applied to the Offer or the Merger, Intel might be
required to file certain information with, or to receive approvals from, the
relevant state authorities, and Intel might be unable to accept for payment or
pay for Shares tendered pursuant to the Offer, or be delayed in consummating the
Offer or the Merger.
In such case, Intel may not be obliged to accept for
payment or pay for any shares tendered pursuant to the Offer.


20.
FEES AND EXPENSES

     Intel and Purchaser have retained D.F. King & Co., Inc. to act as the
Information Agent and Citibank, N.A. to serve as the Depositary in connection
with the Offer.
The Information Agent may contact holders of Shares by personal
interview, mail, telephone, telex, telegraph and other methods of electronic
communication and may request brokers, dealers, commercial banks, trust
companies and other nominees to forward the Offer materials to beneficial
holders.
The Information Agent and the Depositary each will receive reasonable
and customary compensation for their services and be reimbursed for certain
reasonable out-of-pocket expenses.
Intel and the Purchaser have also agreed to
indemnify the Information Agent and the Depositary against certain liabilities
and expenses in connection with the Offer, including certain liabilities under
the federal securities laws.

     
Neither Intel nor Purchaser will pay any fees or commissions to any broker
or dealer or any other person for soliciting tenders of Shares pursuant to the
Offer, other than to the Information Agent.
Brokers, dealers, commercial banks,
trust companies and other nominees will, upon request, be reimbursed by
Purchaser for customary mailing and handling expenses incurred by them in
forwarding offering materials to their customers.

21.
MISCELLANEOUS

     
The Offer is being made to all holders of Shares other than the Company.

The Offer is not being made to (nor will tenders be accepted from or on behalf
of) holders of Shares in any jurisdiction in which the making of the Offer or
the acceptance thereof would not be in compliance with the securities, blue sky
or other laws of such jurisdiction.
Purchaser may, in its discretion, however,
take such action as it may deem necessary to make the Offer in any jurisdiction
and extend the Offer to holders of Shares in any such jurisdiction.

     
EXCEPT FOR THE DEPOSITARY'S AUTHORIZATION TO ENTER INTO AGREEMENTS OR
ARRANGEMENTS WITH THE BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER FACILITY, NO PERSON HAS BEEN
AUTHORIZED TO GIVE ANY INFORMATION OR TO MAKE ANY REPRESENTATION ON BEHALF OF
PURCHASER OR INTEL NOT CONTAINED HEREIN OR IN THE LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL
AND, IF
GIVEN OR MADE, SUCH INFORMATION OR REPRESENTATION MUST NOT BE RELIED UPON AS
HAVING BEEN AUTHORIZED BY INTEL AND PURCHASER.

     
Neither the delivery of this Offer to Purchase nor any purchase pursuant to
the Offer shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there has
been no change in the affairs of Purchaser, Intel or the Company since the date
as of which information is furnished or the date of this Offer to Purchase.

     
Purchaser and Intel have filed with the Commission a Tender Offer Statement
on Schedule TO, together with exhibits, pursuant to Rule 14d-3 under the
Exchange Act, furnishing certain additional information with respect to the
Offer.
In addition, the Company has filed with the Commission a
Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on Schedule 14D-9, together with exhibits,
pursuant to Rule 14d-9 under the Exchange Act, setting forth the recommendations
of the Company Board with respect to the Offer and the reasons for such
recommendations and furnishing certain additional related information.
Such
Schedules and any amendments thereto, including exhibits, may be inspected and
copies may be obtained from the Commission in the manner set forth in Section 7
of this Offer to Purchase, except that they will not be available at the
regional offices of the Commission.

                                          
INTEL CORPORATION
                                          ESR ACQUISITION CORPORATION

January 29, 2001

                                   SCHEDULE I

                   DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF INTEL

     The following table sets forth the name, age, business or residence
address, principal occupation or employment at the present time and during the
last five years, and the name of any corporation or other organization in which
such employment is conducted or was conducted of each executive officer or
director of Intel.
Except as otherwise indicated, all of the persons listed
below are citizens of the United States of America.
Each occupation set forth
opposite a person's name, unless otherwise indicated, refers to employment with
Intel.
Unless otherwise indicated, the principal business address of each
director or executive officer is Intel Corporation, 2200 Mission College
Boulevard, Santa Clara, California 95052.


NAME, AGE, CITIZENSHIP AND                                                         OTHER MATERIAL POSITIONS
CURRENT BUSINESS ADDRESS                    PRESENT OCCUPATION OR EMPLOYMENT    HELD DURING THE PAST FIVE YEARS
- --------------------------                  --------------------------------    -------------------------------

Craig R. Barrett, 61......................  President since 1997; Chief         Chief Operating Officer from
                                            Executive Officer since 1998;       1993 -- 1998; Executive Vice
                                            Director -- Intel since 1992        President from 1990 -- 1997;
                                                                                Director -- Komag, Incorporated
                                                                                from 1990 -- 1999;
                                                                                Director -- U.S. West, Inc.
                                                                                from 1998 -- 2000;
                                                                                Director -- Qwest
                                                                                Communications since 2000
John Browne, 52...........................  Managing Director and Group         Director -- Daimler Benz AG
  British Citizenship                       Chief Executive -- BP Amoco         since 1998; Director -- Goldman
  BP Amoco p.l.c.                           p.l.c.
(formerly the British        Sachs Group, Inc. since 1999;
  Britannic House                           Petroleum Company p.l.c.)
since     Director -- SmithKline Beecham
  1 Finsbury Circus                         1991;
Director -- Intel since       from 1996 to 1999; Trustee --
  London EC2M 7BA                           1997                                British Museum since 1995;
  England                                                                       Director -- Redland PLC from
                                                                                1993 -- 1996
Winston H. Chen, 59.......................  Chairman -- Paramitas Foundation    President, Chief Executive
  Paramitas Foundation                      since 1992; Director -- Intel       Officer and Chairman --
  3945 Freedom Circle,                      since 1993                          Solectron Corporation from
  Suite 760                                                                     1978 -- 1994; Director --
  Santa Clara, CA 95054                                                         Solectron Corporation since
                                                                                1978; Member of Board of
                                                                                Trustees -- Stanford University
                                                                                since 1994; Member of Board of
                                                                                Trustees -- Santa Clara
                                                                                University since 1992;
                                                                                Director -- Edison
                                                                                International from 1994 -- 2000
Andrew S. Grove, 64.......................  Chairman since 1997;                Chief Executive Officer from
                                            Director -- Intel since 1974        1987 -- 1998; President from
                                                                                1979 -- 1997

                                       I-1

NAME, AGE, CITIZENSHIP AND                                                         OTHER MATERIAL POSITIONS
CURRENT BUSINESS ADDRESS                    PRESENT OCCUPATION OR EMPLOYMENT    HELD DURING THE PAST FIVE YEARS
- --------------------------                  --------------------------------    -------------------------------

D. James Guzy,
64.........................  Chairman -- The Arbor Company       Director -- Cirrus Logic, Inc.
  The Arbor Company                         since 1969; Director -- Intel       since 1984; Director -- Micro
  P.O. Box 128                              since 1969                          Component Technology, Inc.
  Glenbrook, NV 89413                                                           since 1992; Director --
                                                                                Novellus Systems, Inc. since
                                                                                1989; Director -- Davis
                                                                                Selected Group of Mutual Funds
                                                                                since 1979; Director --
                                                                                Alliance Capital Management
                                                                                Technology Fund since 1980;
                                                                                Chairman, President and Chief
                                                                                Executive Officer -- SRC
                                                                                Computers Inc. since 1996;
                                                                                Director -- PLX Technology,
                                                                                Inc. since 1986
Gordon E. Moore, 72.......................  
Chairman Emeritus -- Intel since    Chairman from 1979 to 1997;
                                            1997; Director -- Intel since       Director -- Gilead Sciences,
                                            1968                                Inc. since 1996; Director --
                                                                                Transamerica Corporation from
                                                                                1983 to 1999; Chairman, Board
                                                                                of Trustees -- California
                                                                                Institute of Technology from
                                                                                1994 to 2001;
                                                                                Director -- California
                                                                                Institute of Technology since
                                                                                2001; Director -- Conservation
                                                                                International since 1989;
                                                                                Director -- Varian Associates
                                                                                from 1985 to 1998
David S. Pottruck, 52.....................  President and Co-Chief Executive    Director -- McKesson
  The Charles Schwab Corporation            Officer -- The Charles Schwab       Corporation since 1997;
  101 Montgomery Street                     Corporation since 1984;             Director -- Preview Travel,
  San Francisco, CA 94104                   Director -- Intel since 1998        Inc. from 1998 to 1999;
                                                                                Director -- Bay Area Sports
                                                                                Organizing Committee since
                                                                                1998; Director -- U.S. Ski and
                                                                                SnowBoard Team Foundation since
                                                                                1998; Trustee -- University of
                                                                                Pennsylvania since 1995;
                                                                                Director -- Nasdaq since 1999;
                                                                                Director -- U.S. Trust since

                                       I-2

NAME, AGE, CITIZENSHIP AND                                                         OTHER MATERIAL POSITIONS
CURRENT BUSINESS ADDRESS                    PRESENT OCCUPATION OR EMPLOYMENT    HELD DURING THE PAST FIVE YEARS
- --------------------------                  --------------------------------    -------------------------------

Jane E. Shaw, 62..........................  Chairman and Chief Executive        Founder -- The Stable Network
  1310 Orleans Drive                        Officer -- AeroGen, Inc. since      since 1995; Chairman of the
  Sunnyvale, CA 94089                       1998; Director -- Intel since       Board -- IntraBiotics
                                            1993                                Pharmaceuticals since 1995;
                                                                                Director -- Aviron from 1996 to
                                                                                2000; Director -- McKesson
                                                                                Corporation since 1992;
                                                                                Director -- Boise Cascade
                                                                                Corporation since 1994;
                                                                                Director -- Point Biomedical
                                                                                Corporation from 1997 to 1999
Leslie L. Vadasz, 64......................  
Executive Vice President, Intel     Senior Vice President,
                                            Capital since 2000;                 Corporate Business Development
                                            Director -- Intel since 1988        from 1991 - 2000
David B. Yoffie, 46.......................  
Professor of International          Director -- E-Ink Corporation
  Harvard Business School                   Business Administration --          since 1999; Director -- Shiva
  Morgan Hall 215                           Harvard Business School since       Corporation from 1998 to 1999;
  Boston, MA 02163                          1990 (Max and Doris Starr           Director -- Englishtown.com
                                            Professor of International          since 2000
                                            Business Administration since
                                            1993); Director -- Intel since

Charles E. Young, 69......................  
Chancellor Emeritus --              Chancellor -- University of
  296 W. Stafford Road,                     University of California, Los       California, Los Angeles from
  Thousand Oaks, CA 91361                   Angeles since 1997;                 1968 to 1997; Chairman of the
                                            Director -- Intel since 1974;       Board of Governors
                                            President -- University of          Foundation -- International
                                            Florida since 2000                  Exchange of Scientific and
                                                                                Cultural Information by
                                                                                Telecommunications since 1987;
                                                                                Trustee -- Nicholas-Applegate
                                                                                Growth-Equity Funds from 1991
                                                                                to 1997; Director -- Nicholas-
                                                                                Applegate Fund, Inc. from 1993
                                                                                to 1997; Director --
                                                                                Canada/United States Fulbright
                                                                                Commission from 1996 to 2000;
                                                                                Director -- University Net from
                                                                                1998 to 1999;
                                                                                Director -- Student Advantage,
                                                                                Inc. since 1999

                                       I-3

NAME, AGE, CITIZENSHIP AND                                                         OTHER MATERIAL POSITIONS
CURRENT BUSINESS ADDRESS                    PRESENT OCCUPATION OR EMPLOYMENT    HELD DURING THE PAST FIVE YEARS
- --------------------------                  --------------------------------    -------------------------------

Arthur Rock, 74...........................  
Principal -- Arthur Rock &          Director -- AirTouch
  Arthur Rock & Company                     Company since 1969;                 Communications, Inc. from 1994
  One Maritime Plaza,                       Director -- Intel 1968 -- 1999;     to 1999; Director -- Echelon
  Suite 1220                                Director Emeritus -- Intel since    Corporation since 1989;
  San Francisco, CA 94111                   1999                                Trustee -- California Institute
                                                                                of Technology since 1988;
                                                                                Member -- Board of Governors of
                                                                                NASD since 1998
Paul S. Otellini, 50......................  
Executive Vice President;           Executive Vice President from
                                            General Manager, Intel              1996 to 1998; Vice President
                                            Architecture Business Group         from 1992 to 1996
                                            since 1998
Gerhard H. Parker, 57.....................  
Executive Vice President,           Executive Vice President and
                                            General Manager, New Business       General Manager, Technology and
                                            Group since 1998                    Manufacturing Group from 1996
                                                                                to 1998; Senior Vice President
                                                                                and General Manager, Technology
                                                                                and Manufacturing Group from
                                                                                1992 -- 1996
Sean M. Maloney, 44.......................  
Executive Vice President,           Senior Vice President,
  British Citizenship                       Director, Sales and Marketing       Director, Sales and Marketing
                                            Group since 2001                    Group from 1998 to 2001; Vice
                                                                                President, Sales and General
                                                                                Manager, Asia-Pacific
                                                                                Operations from 1995 -- 1998;
                                                                                Technical Assistant to the
                                                                                Chairman and Chief Executive
                                                                                Officer from 1992 -- 1995
Albert Y.C. Yu, 60........................  
Senior Vice President and           Senior Vice President and
                                            General Manager, Optoelectronics    General Manager, Intel
                                                                                Microprocessor Products Group
                                                                                from 1993 - 2000;
                                                                                Director -- Power One from 1997
                                                                                to 1999; Director -- Oak
                                                                                Technology since 1999
Andy D. Bryant, 50........................  
Executive Vice President since      Senior Vice President from 1999
                                            2001; Chief Financial Officer       to 2001
                                            since 1994
F. Thomas Dunlap, Jr., 50.................  
Senior Vice President, General      Vice President, General Counsel
                                            Counsel and Secretary since 2001    and Secretary from 1987 to 2001
Arvind Sodhani, 46........................  
Vice President and Treasurer        N/A
                                            since 1988

                                       I-4

Michael R. Splinter, 50.                    
Executive Vice President        Senior Vice President from
                                            since 2000; General Manager,    1999 to 2000
                                            Technology and
                                            Manufacturing Group since

                                       I-5

                 DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF PURCHASER

     
The following table sets forth the name, age business or residence address,
principal occupation or employment at the present time and during the last five
years, and the name of any corporation or other organization in which such
employment is conducted or was conducted of each executive officer or director
of Purchaser.
Except as otherwise indicated, all of the person listed below are
citizens of the United States of America.
Each occupation set forth opposite a
person's name, unless otherwise indicated, refers to employment with Intel.

Unless otherwise indicated, the principal business address of each director or
executive officer is Intel Corporation, 2200 Mission College Boulevard, Santa
Clara, California 95052.


NAME, AGE, CITIZENSHIP AND                                                         OTHER MATERIAL POSITIONS
CURRENT BUSINESS ADDRESS                    PRESENT OCCUPATION OR EMPLOYMENT    HELD DURING THE PAST FIVE YEARS
- --------------------------                  --------------------------------    -------------------------------

Cary I. Klafter, 52.......................  
Director of Corporate Affairs       Partner, Morrison & Foerster
                                            since 1996; Vice President,         from prior to 1995 to 1996.
                                            
Secretary and Director --
                                            Purchaser since 2000
Suzan A. Miller, 36.......................  General Counsel of Intel Capital    Senior Attorney from 1991 --
                                            since 1999; President and           1999
                                            Director -- Purchaser since 2000
Arvind Sodhani, 46........................  
Vice President and Treasurer        N/A
                                            since 1988; Vice President and
                                            Treasurer -- Purchaser since

      PERSONS WHO MAY BE DESIGNATED BY INTEL TO SERVE ON THE COMPANY BOARD

     The following table sets forth the name, age, business or residence
address, principal occupation or employment at the present time and during the
last five years, and the name of any corporation or other organization in which
such employment is conducted or was conducted of each person Intel may designate
as a member of the Company Board pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement.

Except as otherwise indicated, all of the persons listed below are citizens of
the United States of America.
Unless otherwise indicated, the principal business
address of each director or executive officer is Intel Corporation, 2200 Mission
College Boulevard, Santa Clara, California 95052.

      
NAME OF INTEL DESIGNEE        AGE         PRINCIPAL OCCUPATION DURING PAST FIVE (5) YEARS
      ----------------------        ---         -----------------------------------------------

Leslie L. Vadasz..................  64    Executive Vice President of Intel since 2000; Director of
                                          Intel since 1988.

Arvind Sodhani....................  46    Vice President and Treasurer of Intel since 1988; Vice
                                          President and Treasurer of Purchaser since 2000.

Cary I. Klafter...................  52    Director of Corporate Affairs of Intel since 1996; Vice
                                          President, Secretary and Director of Purchaser since 2000.
                                          
Partner, Morrison & Foerster from 1994 to 1996.

Suzan A. Miller...................  36    General Counsel of Intel Capital since 1999; Senior
                                          Attorney of Intel from 1991 to 1999; President and Director
                                          of Purchaser since 2000.

Tiffany Doon Silva................  34    Senior Attorney of Intel since 1999; Associate, Gibson,
                                          Dunn & Crutcher LLP, from 1995 to 1999.

                                       I-6

                                    ANNEX A

            TEXT OF SECTION 1300 OF THE CALIFORNIA CORPORATIONS CODE

SEC.1300.
REORGANIZATION OR SHORT-FORM MERGER; DISSENTING SHARES; CORPORATE
          PURCHASE AT FAIR MARKET VALUE; DEFINITIONS.

     
(a)
If the approval of the outstanding shares (Section 152) of a
corporation is required for a reorganization under subdivisions (a) and (b) or
subdivision (e) or (f) of Section 1201, each shareholder of the corporation
entitled to vote on the transaction and each shareholder of a subsidiary
corporation in a short-form merger may, by complying with this chapter, require
the corporation in which the shareholder holds shares to purchase for cash at
their fair market value the shares owned by the shareholder which are dissenting
shares as defined in subdivision (b).
The fair market value shall be determined
as of the day before the first announcement of the terms of the proposed
reorganization or short-form merger, excluding any appreciation or depreciation
in consequence of the proposed action, but adjusted for any stock split, reverse
stock split, or share dividend which becomes effective thereafter.

     
(b) As used in this chapter, "dissenting shares" means shares which come
within all of the following descriptions:

          (1) Which were not immediately prior to the reorganization or
     short-form merger either (A) listed on any national securities exchange
     certified by the Commissioner of Corporations under subdivision (o) of
     Section 25100 or (B) listed on the National Market System of the NASDAQ
     Stock Market, and the notice of meeting of shareholders to act upon the
     reorganization summarizes this section and Sections 1301, 1302, 1303 and
     1304; provided, however, that this provision does not apply to any shares
     with respect to which there exists any restriction on transfer imposed by
     the corporation or by any law or regulation; and provided, further, that
     this provision does not apply to any class of shares described in
     subparagraph (A) or (B) if demands for payment are filed with respect to 5
     percent or more of the outstanding shares of that class.

          
(2) Which were outstanding on the date for the determination of
     shareholders entitled to vote on the reorganization and (A) were not voted
     in favor of the reorganization or, (B) if described in subparagraph (A) or
     (B) of paragraph (1) (without regard to the provisos in that paragraph),
     were voted against the reorganization, or which were held of record on the
     effective date of a short-form merger; provided, however, that subparagraph
     (A) rather than subparagraph (B) of this paragraph applies in any case
     where the approval required by Section 1201 is sought by written consent
     rather than at a meeting.

          
(3) Which the dissenting shareholder has demanded that the corporation
     purchase at their fair market value, in accordance with Section 1301.

          
(4) Which the dissenting shareholder has submitted for endorsement, in
     accordance with Section 1302.

     (c) As used in this chapter, "dissenting shareholder" means the
recordholder of dissenting shares and includes a transferee of record.


SEC.1301.
NOTICE TO HOLDERS OF DISSENTING SHARES IN REORGANIZATIONS; DEMAND FOR
          PURCHASE; TIME; CONTENTS.

     
(a) If, in the case of a reorganization, any shareholders of a corporation
have a right under Section 1300, subject to compliance with paragraphs (3) and
(4) of subdivision (b) thereof, to require the corporation to purchase their
shares for cash, such corporation shall mail to each such shareholder a notice
of the approval of the reorganization by its outstanding shares (Section 152)
within 10 days after the date of such approval, accompanied by a copy of
Sections 1300, 1302, 1303, 1304 and this section, a statement of the price
determined by the corporation to represent the fair market value of the
dissenting shares, and a brief description of the procedure to be followed if
the shareholder desires to exercise the shareholder's right under such sections.

The statement of price constitutes an offer by the corporation to purchase at
the price stated any

                                       A-1

dissenting shares as defined in subdivision (b) of Section 1300, unless they
lose their status as dissenting shares under Section 1309.

     
(b) Any shareholder who has a right to require the corporation to purchase
the shareholder's shares for cash under Section 1300, subject to compliance with
paragraphs (3) and (4) of subdivision (b) thereof, and who desires the
corporation to purchase such shares shall make written demand upon the
corporation for the purchase of such shares and payment to the shareholder in
cash of their fair market value.
The demand is not effective for any purpose
unless it is received by the corporation or any transfer agent thereof (1) in
the case of shares described in clause (i) or (ii) of paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) of Section 1300 (without regard to the provisos in that
paragraph), not later than the date of the shareholders' meeting to vote upon
the reorganization, or (2) in any other case within 30 days after the date on
which the notice of the approval by the outstanding shares pursuant to
subdivision (a) or the notice pursuant to subdivision (i) of Section 1110 was
mailed to the shareholder.

     
(c) The demand shall state the number and class of the shares held of
record by the shareholder which the shareholder demands that the corporation
purchase and shall contain a statement of what such shareholder claims to be the
fair market value of those shares as of the day before the announcement of the
proposed reorganization or short-form merger.
The statement of fair market value
constitutes an offer by the shareholder to sell the shares at such price.


SEC.1302.
SUBMISSION OF SHARE CERTIFICATES FOR ENDORSEMENT; UNCERTIFIED
          SECURITIES.

     
Within 30 days after the date on which notice of the approval by the
outstanding shares or the notice pursuant to subdivision (i) of Section 1110 was
mailed to the shareholder, the shareholder shall submit to the corporation at
its principal office or at the office of any transfer agent thereof, (a) if the
shares are certificated securities, the shareholder's certificates representing
any shares which the shareholder demands that the corporation purchase, to be
stamped or endorsed with a statement that the shares are dissenting shares or to
be exchanged for certificates of appropriate denomination so stamped or endorsed
or (b) if the shares are uncertificated securities, written notice of the number
of shares which the shareholder demands that the corporation purchase.
Upon
subsequent transfers of the dissenting shares on the books of the corporation,
the new certificates, initial transaction statement, and other written
statements issued therefor shall bear a like statement, together with the name
of the original dissenting holder of the shares.


SEC.1303.
PAYMENT OF AGREED PRICE WITH INTEREST; AGREEMENT FIXING FAIR MARKET
          VALUE; FILING; TIME OF PAYMENT.

     (a)
If the corporation and the shareholder agree that the shares are
dissenting shares and agree upon the price of the shares, the dissenting
shareholder is entitled to the agreed price with interest thereon at the legal
rate on judgments from the date of the agreement.
Any agreements fixing the fair
market value of any dissenting shares as between the corporation and the holders
thereof shall be filed with the secretary of the corporation.

     (b) Subject to the provisions of Section 1306, payment of the fair market
value of dissenting shares shall be made within 30 days after the amount thereof
has been agreed or within 30 days after any statutory or contractual conditions
to the reorganization are satisfied, whichever is later, and in the case of
certificated securities, subject to surrender of the certificates therefor,
unless provided otherwise by agreement.


SEC.1304.
ACTION TO DETERMINE WHETHER SHARES ARE DISSENTING SHARES OR FAIR
          MARKET VALUE; LIMITATION; JOINDER; CONSOLIDATION; DETERMINATION OF
          ISSUES; APPOINTMENT OF APPRAISERS.

     
(a) If the corporation denies that the shares are dissenting shares, or the
corporation and the shareholder fail to agree upon the fair market value of the
shares, then the shareholder demanding purchase of such shares as dissenting
shares or any interested corporation, within six months after the date on which
notice of the approval by the outstanding shares (Section 152) or notice
pursuant to subdivision (i) of Section 1110 was mailed to the shareholder, but
not thereafter, may file a complaint in the superior court of the proper county
praying the court to determine whether the shares are dissenting shares or the
fair market value of the dissenting shares or both or may intervene in any
action pending on such a complaint.

                                       
A-2

     (b) Two or more dissenting shareholders may join as plaintiffs or be joined
as defendants in any such action and two or more such actions may be
consolidated.

     (c) On the trial of the action, the court shall determine the issues.
If
the status of the shares as dissenting shares is in issue, the court shall first
determine that issue.
If the fair market value of the dissenting shares is in
issue, the court shall determine, or shall appoint one or more impartial
appraisers to determine, the fair market value of the shares.


SEC.1305. REPORT OF APPRAISERS; CONFIRMATION;
DETERMINATION BY COURT; JUDGMENT;
          PAYMENT; APPEAL; COSTS.

     
(a) If the court appoints an appraiser or appraisers, they shall proceed
forthwith to determine the fair market value per share.
Within the time fixed by
the court, the appraisers, or a majority of them, shall make and file a report
in the office of the clerk of the court.
Thereupon, on the motion of any party,
the report shall be submitted to the court and considered on such evidence as
the court considers relevant.
If the court finds the report reasonable, the
court may confirm it.

     
(b) If a majority of the appraisers appointed fail to make and file a
report within 10 days from the date of their appointment or within such further
time as may be allowed by the court or the report is not confirmed by the court,
the court shall determine the fair market value of the dissenting shares.

     (c) Subject to the provisions of Section 1306, judgment shall be rendered
against the corporation for payment of an amount equal to the fair market value
of each dissenting share multiplied by the number of dissenting shares which any
dissenting shareholder who is a party, or who has intervened, is entitled to
require the corporation to purchase, with interest thereon at the legal rate
from the date on which judgment was entered.

     
(d)
Any such judgment shall be payable forthwith with respect to
uncertificated securities and, with respect to certificated securities, only
upon the endorsement and delivery to the corporation of the certificates for the
shares described in the judgment.
Any party may appeal from the judgment.

     
(e) The costs of the action, including reasonable compensation to the
appraisers to be fixed by the court, shall be assessed or apportioned as the
court considers equitable, but, if the appraisal exceeds the price offered by
the corporation, the corporation shall pay the costs (including in the
discretion of the court attorneys' fees, fees of expert witnesses and interest
at the legal rate on judgments from the date of compliance with Sections 1300,
1301, and 1302 if the value awarded by the court for the shares is more than 125
percent of the price offered by the corporation under subdivision (a) or Section
1301).


SEC.1306.
PREVENTION OF IMMEDIATE PAYMENT; STATUS AS CREDITORS; INTEREST.

     
To the extent that the provisions of Chapter 5 prevent the payment to any
holders of dissenting shares of their fair market value, they shall become
creditors of the corporation for the amount thereof together with interest at
the legal rate on judgments until the date of payment, but subordinate to all
other creditors in any liquidation proceeding, such debt to be payable when
permissible under the provisions of Chapter 5.

SEC.1307.
DIVIDENDS ON DISSENTING SHARES.

     
Cash dividends declared and paid by the corporation upon the dissenting
shares after the date of approval of the reorganization by the outstanding
shares (Section 152) and prior to payment for the shares by the corporation
shall be credited against the total amount to be paid by the corporation
therefor.


SEC.1308.
RIGHTS OF DISSENTING SHAREHOLDERS PENDING VALUATION; WITHDRAWAL OF
          DEMAND FOR PAYMENT.

     
Except as expressly limited in this chapter, holders of dissenting shares
continue to have all the rights and privileges incident to their shares, until
the fair market value of their shares is agreed upon or determined.
A dissenting
shareholder may not withdraw a demand for payment unless the corporation
consents thereto.

                                       
A-3

SEC.1309.
TERMINATION OF DISSENTING SHARE AND SHAREHOLDER STATUS.

     
Dissenting shares lose their status as dissenting shares and the holders
thereof cease to be dissenting shareholders and cease to be entitled to require
the corporation to purchase their shares upon the happening of any of the
following:

          (a) The corporation abandons the reorganization.
Upon abandonment of
     the reorganization, the corporation shall pay on demand to any dissenting
     shareholder who has initiated proceedings in good faith under this chapter
     all necessary expenses incurred in such proceedings and reasonable
     attorneys' fees.

          
(b) The shares are transferred prior to their submission for
     endorsement in accordance with Section 1302 or are surrendered for
     conversion into shares of another class in accordance with articles.

          
(c) The dissenting shareholder and the corporation do not agree upon
     the status of the shares as dissenting shares or upon the purchase price of
     the shares, and neither files a complaint or intervenes in a pending action
     as provided in Section 1304, within six months after the date on which
     notice of the approval by the outstanding shares or notice pursuant to
     subdivision (i) of Section 1110 was mailed to the shareholder.

          
(d)
The dissenting shareholder, with the consent of the corporation,
     withdraws the shareholder's demand for purchase of the dissenting shares.


SEC.1310.
SUSPENSION OF RIGHT TO COMPENSATION OR VALUATION PROCEEDINGS;
          LITIGATION OF SHAREHOLDERS' APPROVAL.

     
If litigation is instituted to test the sufficiency or regularity of the
votes of the shareholders in authorizing a reorganization, any proceedings under
Sections 1304 and 1305 shall be suspended until final determination of such
litigation.


SEC.1311.
EXEMPT SHARES.

     
This chapter, except Section 1312, does not apply to classes of shares
whose terms and provisions specifically set forth the amount to be paid in
respect to such shares in the event of a reorganization or merger.


SEC.1312.
RIGHT OF DISSENTING SHAREHOLDER TO ATTACK, SET ASIDE OR RESCIND MERGER
          OR REORGANIZATION; RESTRAINING ORDER OR INJUNCTION; CONDITIONS.

     
(a) No shareholder of a corporation who has a right under this chapter to
demand payment of cash for the shares held by the shareholder shall have any
right at law or in equity to attack the validity of the reorganization or
short-form merger, or to have the reorganization or short-form merger, or to
have the reorganization or short-form merger set aside or rescinded, except in
an action to test whether the number of shares required to authorize or approve
the reorganization have been legally voted in favor thereof; but any holder of
shares of a class whose terms and provisions specifically set forth the amount
to be paid in respect to them in the event of a reorganization or short-form
merger is entitled to payment in accordance with those terms and provisions or,
if the principal terms of the reorganization are approved pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 1202, is entitled to payment in accordance with the
terms and provisions of the approved reorganization.

     (b)
If one of the parties to a reorganization or short-form merger is
directly or indirectly controlled by, or under common control with, another
party to the reorganization or short-form merger, subdivision (a) shall not
apply to any shareholder of such party who has not demanded payment of cash for
such shareholder's shares pursuant to this chapter; but if the shareholder
institutes any action to attack the validity of the reorganization or short-form
merger or to have the reorganization or short-form merger set aside or
rescinded, the shareholder shall not thereafter have any right to demand payment
of cash for the shareholder's shares pursuant to this chapter.
The court in any
action attacking the validity of the reorganization or short-form merger or to
have the reorganization or short-form merger set aside or rescinded shall not
restrain or enjoin the consummation of the transaction except upon 10 days'
prior notice to the corporation and upon a

                                       A-4

determination by the court that clearly no other remedy will adequately protect
the complaining shareholder or the class of shareholders of which such
shareholder is a member.

     
(c)
If one of the parties to a reorganization or short-form merger is
directly or indirectly controlled by, or under common control with, another
party to the reorganization or short-form merger, in any action to attack the
validity of the reorganization or short-form merger or to have the
reorganization or short-form merger set aside or rescinded, (1) a party to a
reorganization or short-form merger which controls another party to the
reorganization or short-form merger shall have the burden of proving that the
transaction is just and reasonable as to the shareholders of the controlled
party, and (2) a person who controls two or more parties to a reorganization
shall have the burden of proving that the transaction is just and reasonable as
to the shareholders of any party so controlled.

                                       
A-5

Manually signed facsimile copies of the Letter of Transmittal will be accepted.

Letters of Transmittal and certificates for Shares should be sent or delivered
by each shareholder of the Company or his broker, dealer, commercial bank or
trust company to the Depositary at one of its addresses set forth below:

                        The Depositary for the Offer is:

                                 CITIBANK, N.A.

           By Mail:                  By Overnight Courier:                 By Hand
:
        Citibank, N.A.                  Citibank, N.A.                  Citibank, N.A.
         P.O. Box 685               915 Broadway, 5th Floor         Corporate Trust Window
      Old Chelsea Station          New York, New York 10010       111 Wall Street, 5th Floor
   New York, New York 10113                                        New York, New York 10043

          By Facsimile Transmission:             
Confirm Receipt of Facsimile Transmission
                                                             by Telephone Only:
       (For Eligible Institutions Only)                        (800)270-0808
                (212) 505-2248

Any questions or requests for assistance may be directed to the Information
Agent at its address and telephone numbers set forth below.
Requests for
additional copies of this Offer to Purchase and the Letter of Transmittal may be
directed to the Information Agent or the Depositary.
Shareholders may also
contact their brokers, dealers, commercial banks or trust companies for
assistance concerning the Offer.

                    
The Information Agent for the Offer is:

                             D.F. KING & CO., INC.
                 77 Water Street New York, New York 10005-4495
                          Call Collect: (212) 269-5550
                         Call Toll-Free: (800) 628-8528

EX-99.(A)(1)(B)

f68556ex99-a1b.txt

(A)(1)(B)

                                                               EXHIBIT (a)(1)(B)

                             LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL

                        TO TENDER SHARES OF COMMON STOCK

                                       OF

                                  XIRCOM, INC.

                                       AT

                               $25 NET PER SHARE
                       PURSUANT TO THE OFFER TO PURCHASE
                             DATED JANUARY 29, 2001

                                       OF

                          ESR ACQUISITION CORPORATION

                      A DIRECT WHOLLY-OWNED SUBSIDIARY OF

                               INTEL CORPORATION

           THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT 5:00 P.M.,
     NEW YORK CITY TIME, ON FRIDAY, MARCH 2, 2001 (THE "EXPIRATION DATE"),
                         UNLESS THE OFFER IS EXTENDED.

                        
The Depositary for the Offer is:

                                 CITIBANK, N.A.

             By Mail:                    By Overnight Courier:                     
By Hand:
          Citibank, N.A.                     Citibank, N.A.                     Citibank, N.A.
           P.O. Box 685                 915 Broadway, 5th Floor             Corporate Trust Window
       Old Chelsea Station              New York, New York 10010          111 Wall Street, 5th Floor
     New York, New York 10113                                              New York, New York 10043
    By Facsimile Transmission:                                           
Confirm Receipt of Facsimile
                                                                                 Transmission
 (For Eligible Institutions Only)                                             by Telephone Only:
          (212) 505-2248                                                        (800) 270-0808

     DELIVERY OF THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL TO AN ADDRESS OTHER THAN AS SET
FORTH ABOVE OR TRANSMISSION OF INSTRUCTIONS VIA A FACSIMILE NUMBER OTHER THAN
THE ONE LISTED ABOVE DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A VALID DELIVERY.
YOU MUST SIGN THIS
LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL IN THE APPROPRIATE SPACE PROVIDED THEREFOR, WITH SIGNATURE
GUARANTEE IF REQUIRED, AND COMPLETE THE SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9 SET FORTH BELOW.
SEE
INSTRUCTION 1.

    
THE INSTRUCTIONS ACCOMPANYING THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL SHOULD BE READ
            CAREFULLY BEFORE THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL IS COMPLETED

     This Letter of Transmittal is to be used either if certificates are to be
forwarded herewith or, unless an Agent's Message (as defined in the Offer to
Purchase) is utilized, if delivery is to be made by book-entry transfer to the
account maintained by the Depositary at The Depository Trust Company (the
"Book-Entry Transfer Facility") pursuant to the procedures set forth in Section
2 of the Offer to Purchase.
Shareholders whose certificates are not immediately
available or who cannot deliver their certificates or deliver confirmation of
the book-entry transfer of their Shares (as defined

below) into the Depositary's account at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility
("Book-Entry Confirmation") and all other documents required hereby to the
Depositary on or prior to the Expiration Date must tender their Shares according
to the guaranteed delivery procedures set forth in Section 2 of the Offer to
Purchase.
See Instruction 2.
Delivery of documents to the Book-Entry Transfer
Facility does not constitute delivery to the Depositary.


[ ] CHECK HERE
IF TENDERED SHARES ARE BEING DELIVERED BY BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER
    MADE TO THE ACCOUNT MAINTAINED BY THE DEPOSITARY WITH THE BOOK-ENTRY
    TRANSFER FACILITY AND COMPLETE THE FOLLOWING:

    Name of Tendering Institution:
   -----------------------------------------------------------------------------

    DTC Account Number:
   -----------------------------------------------------------------------------

    Transaction Code Number:
   -----------------------------------------------------------------------------

[ ] CHECK HERE IF TENDERED SHARES ARE BEING DELIVERED PURSUANT TO A NOTICE OF
    GUARANTEED DELIVERY PREVIOUSLY SENT TO THE DEPOSITARY AND COMPLETE THE
    FOLLOWING:

    Name(s) of Registered Owner(s):
   -----------------------------------------------------------------------------

    Window Ticket Number (if any):
   -----------------------------------------------------------------------------

    Date of Execution of Notice of Guaranteed Delivery:
   ---------------------------------------------------------------------

    Name of Institution that Guaranteed Delivery:
   ----------------------------------------------------------------------------

    Account Number:
   -----------------------------------------------------------------------------

    Transaction Code Number:
   -----------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                     DESCRIPTION OF SHARES TENDERED
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
      NAME(S) AND ADDRESS(ES) OF REGISTERED HOLDER(S)         SHARE CERTIFICATE(S) AND SHARE(S) TENDERED
                 (PLEASE FILL IN, IF BLANK)                  (ATTACH ADDITIONAL SIGNED LIST
IF NECESSARY)
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                             TOTAL NUMBER
                                                                 SHARE        OF SHARES        NUMBER
                                                              CERTIFICATE   REPRESENTED BY   OF SHARES
                                                               NUMBER(S)*    CERTIFICATES     TENDERED
                                                             
--------------------------------------------

                                                                 ----------------------------------------
                                                                 ----------------------------------------
                                                                 ----------------------------------------
                                                                 ----------------------------------------
                                                              TOTAL SHARES
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 * Need not be completed by shareholders tendering by book-entry transfer.
   
Unless otherwise indicated, it will be assumed that all Shares being delivered to the Depositary are
 being tendered.
See Instruction 4.
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                    NOTE: SIGNATURES MUST BE PROVIDED BELOW.
              
PLEASE READ CAREFULLY THE ACCOMPANYING INSTRUCTIONS.


Ladies and Gentlemen:

     The undersigned hereby tenders to ESR Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware
corporation ("Purchaser") and direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Intel
Corporation, a Delaware corporation, the above described shares (the "Shares")
of common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the "Common Stock"), of Xircom,
Inc., a California corporation (the "Company"), pursuant to Purchaser's offer to
purchase all of the outstanding Shares upon the terms and subject to the
conditions set forth in the Offer to Purchase, dated January 29, 2001 (the
"Offer to Purchase"), receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, and in this
Letter of Transmittal (which together constitute the "Offer"), at the purchase
price of $25 per Share, net to the tendering shareholder in cash.

     
Subject to, and effective upon, acceptance for payment of the Shares
tendered herewith in accordance with the terms and subject to the conditions of
the Offer, the undersigned hereby sells, assigns and transfers to, or upon the
order of, Purchaser all right, title and interest in and to all the Shares that
are being tendered hereby (and any and all other Shares or other securities
issued or issuable in respect thereof on or after January 15, 2001) and
irrevocably constitutes and appoints the Depositary the true and lawful agent
and attorney-in-fact of the undersigned with respect to such Shares (and any
such other Shares or securities) with full power of substitution (such power of
attorney being deemed to be an irrevocable power coupled with an interest), to
(1) deliver certificates for such Shares (and any such other Shares or
securities), or transfer ownership of such Shares (and any such other Shares or
securities) on the account books maintained by the Book-Entry Transfer Facility,
together in either such case with all accompanying evidences of transfer and
authenticity, to or upon the order of Purchaser upon receipt by the Depositary,
as the undersigned's agent, of the purchase price (adjusted, if appropriate, as
provided in the Offer to Purchase), (2) present such Shares (and any such other
Shares or securities) for transfer on the books of the Company and (3) receive
all benefits and otherwise exercise all rights of beneficial ownership of such
Shares (and any such other Shares or securities), all in accordance with the
terms of the Offer.

     
The undersigned hereby irrevocably appoints each designee of Purchaser as
the attorney-in-fact and proxy of the undersigned, each with full power of
substitution, to vote in such manner as each such attorney and proxy or his
substitute shall in his sole discretion deem proper, and otherwise act
(including pursuant to written consent) with respect to all the Shares tendered
hereby which have been accepted for payment by Purchaser prior to the time of
such vote or action (and any and all other Shares or securities issued or
issuable in respect thereof on or after January 15, 2001), which the undersigned
is entitled to vote at any meeting of shareholders (whether annual or special
and whether or not an adjourned meeting) of the Company, or consent in lieu of
any such meeting, or otherwise.
This proxy is coupled with an interest in the
Company and in the Shares and is irrevocable and is granted in consideration of,
and is effective upon, the acceptance for payment by Purchaser of Shares
tendered in accordance with the terms of the Offer.
Such acceptance for payment
shall revoke all prior proxies granted by the undersigned at any time with
respect to such Shares (and any such other Shares or other securities) and no
subsequent proxies will be given (and if given will be deemed not to be
effective) with respect thereto by the undersigned.

     
The undersigned hereby represents and warrants that the undersigned has
full power and authority to tender, sell, assign and transfer the Shares
tendered hereby (and any and all other Shares or other securities issued or
issuable in respect thereof on or after January 15, 2001) and that, when the
same are accepted for payment by Purchaser, Purchaser will acquire good and
unencumbered title thereto, free and clear of all liens, restrictions, charges
and encumbrances and the same will not be subject to any adverse claim.
The
undersigned, upon request, will execute and deliver any additional documents
deemed by the Depositary or Purchaser to be necessary or desirable to complete
the sale, assignment and transfer of the Shares tendered hereby (and any and all
such other Shares or other securities).

     
All authority herein conferred or agreed to be conferred in this Letter of
Transmittal shall not be affected by, and shall survive, the death or incapacity
of the undersigned and any obligation of the undersigned hereunder shall be
binding upon the successors, assigns, heirs, executors, administrators and legal
representatives of the undersigned.
Except as stated in the Offer to Purchase,
this tender is irrevocable.

     
The undersigned understands that tenders of Shares pursuant to any one of
the procedures described in Section 2 of the Offer to Purchase and in the
instructions hereto will constitute a binding agreement between the undersigned
and Purchaser upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Offer.

     
Unless otherwise indicated herein under "Special Payment Instructions,"
please issue the check for the purchase price and/or any certificates for Shares
not tendered or accepted for payment in the name(s) of the undersigned.

Similarly, unless otherwise indicated under "Special Delivery Instructions,"
please mail the check for the purchase price and/or return any certificates for
Shares not tendered or accepted for payment (and accompanying documents, as
appropriate) to the undersigned at the address shown below the undersigned's
signature.
In the event that both the Special Delivery Instructions and the
Special Payment Instructions are completed, please issue the check for the
purchase price or any certificates for Shares not tendered or accepted for
payment in the name of, and deliver such check or return such certificates to
the person or persons so indicated.
Shareholders delivering Shares by book-entry
transfer may request that any Shares not accepted for payment be returned by
crediting such account maintained at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility as such
shareholder may designate by making an appropriate entry under "Special Payment
Instructions."
The undersigned recognizes that Purchaser has no obligation
pursuant to the Special Payment Instructions to transfer any Shares from the
name of the registered holder thereof if Purchaser does not accept for payment
any of the Shares so tendered.

- ------------------------------------------------------------

                          SPECIAL PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS
                        (SEE INSTRUCTIONS 1, 5, 6 AND 7)

 To be completed ONLY if certificates for Shares not tendered or not purchased
 and/or the check for the purchase price of Shares purchased are to be issued
 in the name of someone other than the undersigned, or if Shares delivered by
 book-entry transfer which are not purchased are to be returned by credit to an
 account maintained at The Depository Trust Company.

 
Issue check and/or certificate to:

 Name
 ----------------------------------------------------
                                    (PLEASE PRINT)

 
Address
 --------------------------------------------------

 -----------------------------------------------------------
                              (INCLUDING ZIP CODE)

 -----------------------------------------------------------
                 (TAX IDENTIFICATION OR SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER)
[ ] Credit unpurchased Shares delivered by book-entry transfer to
  the Book-Entry Transfer Facility account designated below.

- ------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------

                         SPECIAL DELIVERY INSTRUCTIONS
                        (SEE INSTRUCTIONS 1, 5, 6 AND 7)

 To be completed ONLY if certificates for Shares not tendered or not purchased
 and/or the check for the purchase price of Shares purchased are to be sent to
 someone other than the undersigned, or to the undersigned at an address other
 than that shown above.

 
Issue check and/or certificate to:

 Name
 ----------------------------------------------------
                                    (PLEASE PRINT)

 
Address
 --------------------------------------------------

 -----------------------------------------------------------
                              (INCLUDING ZIP CODE)

 -----------------------------------------------------------
                 (TAX IDENTIFICATION OR SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER)

- ------------------------------------------------------------

                                   SIGN HERE
                         (COMPLETE SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9)


X
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

X
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                           (SIGNATURE(S) OF OWNER(S))

DATED:
- ------------------------ , 2001

     (Must be signed by registered holder(s) exactly as name(s) appear(s) on
stock certificate(s) or on a security position listing or by person(s)
authorized to become registered holder(s) by certificates and documents
transmitted herewith.
If signature is by a trustee, executor, administrator,
guardian, attorney-in-fact, agent, officer of a corporation or other person
acting in a fiduciary or representative capacity, please provide the following
information.
See Instructions 1 and 5.)

Name(s)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                 (PLEASE PRINT)

Capacity (Full Title)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                               (SEE INSTRUCTIONS)


Address
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              (INCLUDING ZIP CODE)

Area Code and Telephone Number (   )
- --------------------------------------------------------------------

Employer Identification or Social Security Number
- ----------------------------------------------------------
                                         (COMPLETE SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9)

                           GUARANTEE OF SIGNATURE(S)
                   (IF REQUIRED -- SEE INSTRUCTIONS 1 AND 5)


Authorized Signature
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Name:
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                 (PLEASE PRINT)


Title:
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Name of Firm:
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Address:
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              (INCLUDING ZIP CODE)

Area Code and Telephone Number: (   )
- --------------------------------------------------------------------

Dated:
- ------------------------ , 2001

                                  INSTRUCTIONS

             FORMING PART OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER

     1. GUARANTEE OF SIGNATURE.  
No signature guarantee on this Letter of
Transmittal is required (1) if this Letter of Transmittal is signed by the
registered holder of the Shares (which term, for purposes of this document,
shall include any participant in the Book-Entry Transfer Facility whose name
appears on a security position listing as the owner of Shares) tendered
herewith, unless such holder has completed either the box entitled "Special
Payment Instructions" or the box entitled "Special Delivery Instructions" on the
reverse hereof, or (2) if such Shares are tendered for the account of a bank,
broker, dealer, credit union, savings association or other entity that is a
member in good standing of the Securities Transfer Agents Medallion Program, the
New York Stock Exchange Medallion Signature Guarantee Program or the Stock
Exchange Medallion Program (each an "Eligible Institution").
In all other cases,
all signatures on this Letter of Transmittal must be guaranteed by an Eligible
Institution.
See Instruction 5.

     2. DELIVERY OF LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL AND CERTIFICATES.  
This Letter of
Transmittal is to be completed by shareholders either if certificates are to be
forwarded herewith or, unless an Agent's Message (as defined in the Offer to
Purchase) is utilized, if tenders of Shares are to be made pursuant to the
procedures for delivery by book-entry transfer set forth in Section 2 of the
Offer to Purchase.
Certificates for all physically tendered Shares, or any
Book-Entry Confirmation of Shares, as the case may be, as well as a properly
completed and duly executed Letter of Transmittal (or facsimile thereof), unless
an Agent's Message is utilized, and any other documents required by this Letter
of Transmittal, must be received by the Depositary at one of its addresses set
forth herein on or prior to the Expiration Date (as defined in Section 1 of the
Offer to Purchase).
Shareholders whose certificates for Shares are not
immediately available or who cannot deliver their certificates or Book-Entry
Confirmation and all other required documents to the Depositary on or prior to
the Expiration Date may tender their Shares by properly completing and duly
executing the Notice of Guaranteed Delivery pursuant to the guaranteed delivery
procedure set forth in Section 2 of the Offer to Purchase.
Pursuant to this
procedure, (1) the tender of Shares must be made by or through an Eligible
Institution, (2) a properly completed and duly executed Notice of Guaranteed
Delivery, substantially in the form provided by Purchaser, must be received by
the Depositary on or prior to the Expiration Date, and (3) the certificates for
all physically tendered Shares or Book-Entry Confirmations, as the case may be,
together with a properly completed and duly executed Letter of Transmittal (or
facsimile thereof), unless an Agent's Message is utilized, and any other
documents required by this Letter of Transmittal, must be received by the
Depositary within three New York Stock Exchange trading days after the date of
execution of such Notice of Guaranteed Delivery, all as provided in Section 2 of
the Offer to Purchase.

     
THE METHOD OF DELIVERY OF THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL, THE CERTIFICATES FOR
SHARES AND ALL OTHER REQUIRED DOCUMENTS, INCLUDING DELIVERY THROUGH A BOOK-ENTRY
TRANSFER FACILITY, IS AT THE OPTION
AND RISK OF THE TENDERING SHAREHOLDER AND,
EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE PROVIDED IN THIS INSTRUCTION 2, THE DELIVERY WILL BE DEEMED
MADE ONLY WHEN ACTUALLY RECEIVED BY THE DEPOSITARY.
IF DELIVERY IS BY MAIL,
REGISTERED MAIL
WITH RETURN RECEIPT REQUESTED, PROPERLY INSURED, IS RECOMMENDED.

IN ALL CASES, SUFFICIENT TIME SHOULD BE ALLOWED TO ENSURE TIMELY DELIVERY.

     
No alternative, conditional or contingent tenders will be accepted and no
fractional Shares will be purchased.
All tendering shareholders, by execution of
this Letter of Transmittal (or facsimile thereof), waive any right to receive
any notice of the acceptance of their Shares for payment.

     
3. INADEQUATE SPACE.  
If the space provided herein is inadequate, the
certificate numbers and/or the number of Shares should be listed on a separate
signed schedule attached hereto.

     
4. PARTIAL TENDER (NOT APPLICABLE TO SHAREHOLDERS WHO TENDER BY BOOK-ENTRY
TRANSFER).  
If fewer than all the Shares evidenced by any certificate(s)
submitted are to be tendered, fill in the number of Shares which are to be
tendered in the box entitled "Number of Shares Tendered."
In this case, new
certificate(s) for the remainder of the Shares that were evidenced by your old
certificate(s) will be sent to you, unless otherwise provided in the appropriate
box on this Letter of Transmittal, as soon as practicable after the Expiration
Date.
All Shares represented by certificates delivered to the Depositary will be
deemed to have been tendered unless otherwise indicated.

     
5.
SIGNATURES ON LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL, STOCK POWERS AND ENDORSEMENTS.  
If
this Letter of Transmittal is signed by the registered holder(s) of the Shares
tendered hereby, the signature(s) must correspond exactly with the name(s) as
they appear on the face of the certificate(s) without alteration, enlargement or
any change whatsoever.

     
If any of the Shares tendered hereby are owned of record by two or more
joint owners, all owners must sign this Letter of Transmittal.

     
If any tendered Shares are registered in different names on several
certificates, it will be necessary to complete, sign and submit as many separate
Letters of Transmittal as there are different registrations of certificates.

     
If this Letter of Transmittal or any certificates or stock powers are
signed by a trustee, executor, administrator, guardian, attorney-in-fact,
officer of a corporation or other person acting in a fiduciary or representative
capacity, such person should so indicate when signing, and proper evidence
satisfactory to Purchaser of such person's authority so to act must be
submitted.

     
When this Letter of Transmittal is signed by the registered owner(s) of the
Shares listed and tendered hereby, no endorsements of certificates or separate
stock powers are required unless payment or certificates for Shares not tendered
or purchased are to be issued to a person other than the registered owner(s).

Signatures on such certificates or stock powers must be guaranteed by an
Eligible Institution.

     
If this Letter of Transmittal is signed by a person other than the
registered owner(s) of the Shares listed, the certificates must be endorsed or
accompanied by appropriate stock powers, in either case corresponding exactly
with the name(s) of the registered owner(s) appearing on the certificates.

Signatures on such certificates or stock powers must be guaranteed by an
Eligible Institution.

     
6. STOCK TRANSFER TAXES.  
Except as set forth in this Instruction 6,
Purchaser will pay or cause to be paid any stock transfer taxes with respect to
the transfer and sale of purchased Shares to it or its order pursuant to the
Offer.
If payment of the purchase price is to be made to, or if certificates for
Shares not tendered or purchased are to be registered in the name of, any person
other than the registered holder, or if tendered certificates are registered in
the name of any person other than the person(s) signing this Letter of
Transmittal, the amount of any stock transfer taxes (whether imposed on the
registered holder or such person) payable on account of the transfer to such
person will be deducted from the purchase price unless satisfactory evidence of
the payment of such taxes or exemption therefrom is submitted.

     
EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THIS INSTRUCTION 6, IT WILL NOT BE NECESSARY FOR
TRANSFER TAX STAMPS TO BE AFFIXED TO THE CERTIFICATES LISTED IN THIS LETTER OF
TRANSMITTAL.

     
7. SPECIAL PAYMENT AND DELIVERY INSTRUCTIONS.  
If a check or certificates
for unpurchased Shares are to be issued in the name of a person other than the
signer of this Letter of Transmittal or if a check is to be sent or such
certificates are to be returned to someone other than the signer of this Letter
of Transmittal or to an address other than that shown above, the appropriate
boxes on this Letter of Transmittal should be completed.
A shareholder tendering
Shares by book-entry transfer may request that Shares not purchased be credited
to the account maintained at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility as such
shareholder may designate hereon.
If no such instructions are given, such Shares
not purchased will be returned by crediting the account at the Book-Entry
Transfer Facility.

     
8.
REQUESTS FOR ASSISTANCE OR ADDITIONAL COPIES.  
Requests for assistance
may be directed to, or additional copies of the Offer to Purchase, this Letter
of Transmittal and the Notice of Guaranteed Delivery may be obtained from, the
Information Agent at its address set forth below or from your broker, dealer,
commercial bank or trust company.

     
9. WAIVER OF CONDITIONS.  
Subject to the terms of the Merger Agreement (as
defined in the Offer to Purchase), the conditions of the Offer may be waived by
Purchaser, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time in Purchaser's
sole discretion, in the case of any Shares tendered.

     
10.
SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9 AND FORM W-8BEN.  
A tendering United States
shareholder is required to provide the Depositary with a correct Taxpayer
Identification Number ("TIN") on Substitute Form W-9 which is provided under
"Important Tax Information" below, and to certify whether the shareholder is
subject to backup withholding of Federal income tax.
If a tendering shareholder
is subject to backup withholding, the shareholder must cross out item (2) of the
Certification box of the Substitute Form W-9.
Failure to provide the information
on the Substitute Form W-9 may subject the tendering shareholder to Federal
income tax withholding of 31% on all payments made pursuant to this Offer.
If
the tendering shareholder has not been issued a TIN and has applied for a number
or intends to apply for a number in the near future, he or she should write
"Applied For" in the space provided for the TIN in Part I, and sign and date the
Substitute Form W-9.
If "Applied For" is written in Part I, the Depositary will
withhold 31% on all payments made pursuant to this Offer, but such withholdings
will be refunded if the tendering shareholder provides a TIN within 60 days.

     
Certain shareholders (including, among others, all corporations and certain
foreign individuals) are not subject to these backup withholding and reporting
requirements.
In order for a foreign individual to qualify as an exempt
recipient, that shareholder must submit a Form W-8BEN, a copy of which can be
obtained from the Depositary.

     11.
LOST, DESTROYED OR STOLEN CERTIFICATES.  
If any certificate(s)
representing Shares has been lost, destroyed or stolen, the shareholder should
promptly notify the Depositary.
The shareholder will then be instructed as to
the steps that must be taken in order to replace the certificate(s).
This Letter
of Transmittal and related documents cannot be processed until the procedures
for replacing lost or destroyed certificates have been followed.

     
IMPORTANT: THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL (OR A FACSIMILE THEREOF), TOGETHER
WITH CERTIFICATES OR BOOK-ENTRY CONFIRMATIONS AND ALL OTHER REQUIRED DOCUMENTS,
MUST BE RECEIVED BY THE DEPOSITARY, OR THE NOTICE OF GUARANTEED DELIVERY MUST BE
RECEIVED BY THE DEPOSITARY, ON OR PRIOR TO THE EXPIRATION DATE.

                           
IMPORTANT TAX INFORMATION

     Under Federal income tax law, a United States shareholder whose tendered
Shares are accepted for payment is required to provide the Depositary with such
shareholder's correct TIN on Substitute Form W-9 below.
If such shareholder is
an individual, the TIN is his or her social security number.
If a tendering
shareholder is subject to backup withholding, he or she must cross out item (2)
of the Certification box on the Substitute Form W-9.
If the Depositary is not
provided with the correct TIN, the shareholder may be subject to a $50 penalty
imposed by the Internal Revenue Service.
In addition, payments that are made to
such shareholder with respect to Shares purchased pursuant to the Offer may be
subject to backup withholding.

     
Certain shareholders (including, among others, all corporations and certain
foreign individuals) are not subject to these backup withholding and reporting
requirements.
In order for a foreign individual to qualify as an exempt
recipient, that shareholder must submit a Form W-8EN, a copy of which may be
obtained from the Depository.

     
Exempt shareholders, other than foreign individuals, should furnish their
TIN, write "Exempt" on the face of the Substitute Form W-9 below and sign, date
and return the Substitute Form W-9 to the Depositary.
See the enclosed
Guidelines for Certification of Taxpayer Identification Number on Substitute
Form W-9 for additional instructions.

     
If backup withholding applies, the Depositary is required to withhold 31%
of any payments made to the shareholder.
Backup withholding is not an additional
tax.
Rather, the tax liability of persons subject to backup withholding will be
reduced by the amount of tax withheld.
If withholding results in an overpayment
of taxes, a refund may be obtained.


PURPOSE OF SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9

     To prevent backup withholding on payments that are made to a shareholder
with respect to Shares purchased pursuant to the Offer, the shareholder is
required to notify the Depositary of their correct TIN by completing the form
below certifying that the TIN provided on the Substitute Form W-9 is correct (or
that such shareholder is awaiting a TIN).


WHAT NUMBER TO GIVE THE DEPOSITARY

     The shareholder is required to give the Depositary the social security
number or employer identification number of the record owner of the Shares.
If
the Shares are in more than one name or are not in the name of the actual owner,
consult the enclosed Guidelines for Certification of Taxpayer Identification
Number on Substitute Form W-9 for additional guidelines on which number to
report.
If the tendering shareholder has not been issued a TIN and has applied
for a number or intends to apply for a number in the near future, the
shareholder should write "Applied For" in the space provided for the TIN in Part
I, and sign and date the Substitute Form W-9.
If "Applied For" is written in
Part I, the Depositary will withhold 31% of all payments made to a shareholder
with respect to Shares purchased pursuant to the Offer, but such withholdings
will be refunded if the tendering shareholder provides a TIN within 60 days.

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                           PAYOR'S NAME:
CITIBANK, N.A.
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 SUBSTITUTE                   PART I -- Please provide your TIN in the box at the   -----------------------------
 FORM W-9                     right and certify by signing and dating below.           
Social Security Number
                                                                                     or Employer Identification
                                                                                    Number (if awaiting TIN write
                                                                                            "Applied For")
                             -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 DEPARTMENT OF THE            PART II -- For Payees exempt from backup withholding, see the attached Guidelines
 TREASURY INTERNAL            for Certification of Taxpayer Identification Number on Substitute Form W-9 and
 REVENUE SERVICE              complete as instructed therein.
                             
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              Certification -- Under penalties of perjury, I certify that:
                              (1) The number shown on this form is my correct Taxpayer Identification Number or a
                              Taxpayer Identification Number has not been issued to me and either (a) I have
                                  mailed or delivered an application to receive a Taxpayer Identification Number
                                  to the appropriate Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") center or Social Security
                                  Administration office or (b) I intend to mail or deliver an application in the
                                  near future.
(I understand that if I do not provide a Taxpayer Identification
                                  Number to the Depositary, 31% of all reportable payments made to me will be
                                  withheld, but will be refunded if I provide a certified Taxpayer Identification
                                  Number within 60 days); and
 PAYOR'S REQUEST FOR          (2) I am not subject to backup withholding because: (1) I have not been notified by
 TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION      the IRS that I am subject to backup withholding as a result of a failure to report
 NUMBER ("TIN")                   all interest or dividends, (2) the IRS has notified me that I am no longer
                                  subject to backup withholding or (3) I am exempt from backup withholding.
                              
CERTIFICATION INSTRUCTIONS -- You must cross out item (2) above if you have been
                              notified by the IRS that you are subject to backup withholding because of
                              underreporting interest or dividends on your tax return.
However, if after being
                              notified by the IRS that you were subject to backup withholding you received another
                              notification from the IRS that you are no longer subject to backup withholding, do
                              not cross out item (2).
(Also see instructions in the enclosed Guidelines.)
                             
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                              Signature:  Date: ________________________
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NOTE: FAILURE TO COMPLETE AND RETURN THIS FORM MAY RESULT IN BACKUP WITHHOLDING
      OF 31% OF ANY PAYMENTS MADE TO YOU PURSUANT TO THE OFFER.
PLEASE REVIEW
      THE ENCLOSED GUIDELINES FOR CERTIFICATION OF TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION
      NUMBER ON SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9 FOR ADDITIONAL DETAILS.

                    
THE INFORMATION AGENT FOR THE OFFER IS:

                             D.F. KING & CO., INC.
                                77 WATER STREET
                         NEW YORK, NEW YORK 10005-4495
                          CALL COLLECT: (212) 269-5550
                         CALL TOLL FREE: (800) 628-8528

EX-99.(A)(1)(C)

f68556ex99-a1c.txt

(A)(1)(C)

                                                               EXHIBIT (a)(1)(C)

                         NOTICE OF GUARANTEED DELIVERY

                                      FOR

                        TENDER OF SHARES OF COMMON STOCK

                                       OF

                                  XIRCOM, INC.

                                       TO

                          ESR ACQUISITION CORPORATION

                      A DIRECT WHOLLY-OWNED SUBSIDIARY OF

                               INTEL CORPORATION

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT 5:00 P.M., NEW YORK CITY TIME, ON
  FRIDAY, MARCH 2, 2001 (THE "EXPIRATION DATE"), UNLESS THE OFFER IS EXTENDED.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

     This form, or one substantially equivalent to this form, must be used to
accept the Offer (as defined below) if certificates representing shares of
common stock, par value $0.001 per share (collectively, the "Shares"), of
Xircom, Inc., a California corporation, are not immediately available, if the
procedure for book-entry transfer cannot be completed on a timely basis, or if
time will not permit all required documents to reach the Depositary (as defined
in the Offer to Purchase) on or prior to the Expiration Date.
This form may be
delivered by hand or transmitted by telegram, facsimile transmission or mail to
the Depositary.
See Section 2 of the Offer to Purchase for more detailed
information.

                        
The Depositary for the Offer is:

                                 CITIBANK, N.A.

             By Mail:                    By Overnight Courier:                     
By Hand:
          Citibank, N.A.                     Citibank, N.A.                     Citibank, N.A.
           P.O. Box 685                 915 Broadway, 5th Floor             Corporate Trust Window
       Old Chelsea Station              New York, New York 10010          111 Wall Street, 5th Floor
     New York, New York 10113                                              New York, New York 10043
    By Facsimile Transmission:                                           
Confirm Receipt of Facsimile
                                                                                 Transmission
 (For Eligible Institutions Only)                                             by Telephone Only:
          (212) 505-2248                                                        (800) 270-0808

     DELIVERY OF THIS NOTICE OF GUARANTEED DELIVERY TO AN ADDRESS OTHER THAN ONE
SET FORTH ABOVE OR TRANSMISSION OF INSTRUCTIONS VIA FACSIMILE TRANSMISSION OTHER
THAN THE FACSIMILE NUMBER SET FORTH ABOVE WILL NOT CONSTITUTE A VALID DELIVERY.

     
This Notice of Guaranteed Delivery is not to be used to guarantee
signatures.
If a signature on a Letter of Transmittal is required to be
guaranteed by an "Eligible Institution" under the instructions thereto, such
signature guarantee must appear in the applicable space provided in the
signature box on the Letter of Transmittal.


Ladies and Gentlemen:

     The undersigned hereby tenders to ESR Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware
corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Intel Corporation, a Delaware
corporation, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Offer
to Purchase dated January 29, 2001, and the related Letter of Transmittal (which
together constitute the "Offer"), receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the
number of Shares indicated below pursuant to the guaranteed delivery procedures
set forth in Section 2 of the Offer to Purchase.


Certificate No(s).
(if available)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Number of Shares:
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[ ] Check if Shares will be tendered by book-entry transfer:

Account Number
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Dated
- -------------------------------------------------, 2001

Name(s) of Record Holder(s)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                        (PLEASE TYPE OR PRINT)

Address(es)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                        ZIP CODE

Area Code and Tel.
No.
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Signature(s)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                   GUARANTEE
                    (NOT TO BE USED FOR SIGNATURE GUARANTEE)

     
The undersigned, a bank, broker, dealer, credit union, savings association
or other entity that is a member in good standing of the Securities Transfer
Agents Medallion Program, the New York Stock Exchange Medallion Signature
Guarantee Program or the Stock Exchange Medallion Program, (a) represents that
the above named person(s) "own(s)" the Shares tendered hereby within the meaning
of Rule 14e-4 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
(the "Exchange Act"), (b) represents that such tender of Shares complies with
Rule 14e-4 under the Exchange Act, and (c) guarantees delivery to the
Depositary, at one of its addresses set forth above, of certificates
representing the Shares tendered hereby in proper form for transfer, or
confirmation of book-entry transfer of such Shares into the Depositary's
accounts at The Depository Trust Company, in each case with delivery of a
properly completed and duly executed Letter of Transmittal (or facsimile
thereof), and any other required documents, within three New York Stock Exchange
trading days after the date hereof.


Name of Firm:                                        
----------------------------------------------
  ----------------------------------------                        
AUTHORIZED SIGNATURE
Address:
- ----------------------------------------------

- ----------------------------------------------       ----------------------------------------------
                                      ZIP CODE                           TITLE

Area Code and
Telephone Number:                                                        
Name:
- -----------------------------------                  ----------------------------------------------
                                                                  PLEASE TYPE OR PRINT

                                                     Title:
                                                     ----------------------------------------------

                                                     Dated:
                                                     ------------------------------------------,

NOTE: DO NOT SEND SHARE CERTIFICATES WITH THIS NOTICE.
SHARE CERTIFICATES SHOULD
      BE SENT WITH YOUR LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL.


EX-99.(A)(1)(D)

f68556ex99-a1d.txt

(A)(1)(D)

                                                               EXHIBIT (a)(1)(D)
                             D.F. KING & CO.,
INC.

                           OFFER TO PURCHASE FOR CASH
                     ALL OUTSTANDING SHARES OF COMMON STOCK
                                       OF

                                  XIRCOM, INC.
                                       
AT

                               $25 NET PER SHARE
                       PURSUANT TO THE OFFER TO PURCHASE
                             DATED JANUARY 29, 2001
                                       BY

                          ESR ACQUISITION CORPORATION
                        A DIRECT WHOLLY-OWNED SUBSIDIARY
                                       OF

                               INTEL CORPORATION

THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT 5:00 P.M., NEW YORK CITY TIME, ON
  FRIDAY, MARCH 2, 2001 (THE "EXPIRATION DATE"), UNLESS THE OFFER IS EXTENDED.

                                                                
January 29, 2001

To Brokers, Dealers, Commercial Banks,
Trust Companies And Other Nominees:

     We have been engaged to act as Information Agent in connection with the
offer by ESR Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware corporation ("Purchaser") and
direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Intel Corporation, a Delaware corporation, to
purchase all outstanding shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share
(collectively, the "Shares"), of Xircom, Inc., a California corporation (the
"Company"), at $25 per share, net to the seller in cash, upon the terms and
subject to the conditions set forth in the Offer to Purchase, dated January 29,
2001 (the "Offer to Purchase"), and the related Letter of Transmittal (which
together constitute the "Offer").

     
THE OFFER IS CONDITIONED UPON, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE SATISFACTION OR
WAIVER OF CERTAIN CONDITIONS TO THE OBLIGATIONS OF PURCHASER AND THE COMPANY TO
CONSUMMATE THE OFFER, INCLUDING (1)
THERE BEING VALIDLY TENDERED BY THE
EXPIRATION DATE AND NOT WITHDRAWN, OR OTHERWISE BENEFICIALLY OWNED BY INTEL OR
PURCHASER, A NUMBER OF SHARES WHICH REPRESENTS AT LEAST A MAJORITY OF SHARES ON
A FULLY-DILUTED BASIS (INCLUDING FOR PURPOSES OF SUCH CALCULATION ALL SHARES
ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF ALL VESTED COMPANY STOCK OPTIONS AND ALL UNVESTED
COMPANY STOCK OPTIONS THAT VEST, OR UPON CONSUMMATION OF THE OFFER WILL VEST,
PRIOR TO MAY 15, 2001), (2) RECEIPT BY PURCHASER AND THE COMPANY OF CERTAIN
GOVERNMENTAL AND REGULATORY APPROVALS, AND (3) COMPLIANCE BY THE COMPANY WITH
CERTAIN FINANCIAL AND BUSINESS CRITERIA.

     
For your information and for forwarding to your clients for whom you hold
Shares registered in your name or in the name of your nominee or who hold Shares
registered in their own names, we are enclosing the following documents:

     1.
Offer to Purchase dated January 29, 2001;

     2.
Letter of Transmittal to tender Shares for your use and for the
information of your clients.
Facsimile copies of the Letter of Transmittal may
be used to tender Shares;

     3.
Letter to Clients which may be sent to your clients for whose account
you hold Shares in your name or in the name of your nominee, with space provided
for obtaining such clients' instructions with regard to the Offer;

     4.
Notice of Guaranteed Delivery to be used to accept the Offer if
certificates for Shares are not immediately available or time will not permit
all required documents to reach the Depositary on or prior to the Expiration
Date or if the procedures for book-entry transfer, as set forth in the Offer to
Purchase, cannot be completed on a timely basis;

     5.
The Letter to Shareholders of the Company from Dirk I. Gates, the
Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company,
accompanied by the Company's Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on Schedule
14D-9.

     6.
Guidelines for Certification of Taxpayer Identification Number on
Substitute Form W-9; and

     7.
Return envelope addressed to Citibank, N.A., as Depositary.

     
Upon the terms and subject to the satisfaction or waiver (where applicable)
of the conditions of the Offer, Purchaser will purchase, by accepting for
payment, and will pay for, all Shares validly tendered on or prior to the
Expiration Date promptly after the Expiration Date.
For purposes of the Offer,
Purchaser will be deemed to have accepted for payment, and thereby purchased,
tendered Shares if, as and when Purchaser gives oral or written notice to the
Depositary of Purchaser's acceptance of such Shares for payment.
In all cases,
payment for Shares accepted for payment pursuant to the Offer will be made only
after timely receipt by the Depositary of (1) certificates for Shares or timely
confirmation of a book-entry transfer of such Shares, if such procedure is
available, into the Depositary's account at a Book-Entry Transfer Facility (as
defined in the Offer to Purchase) pursuant to the procedures set forth in
Section 2 of the Offer to Purchase, (2) the Letter of Transmittal (or facsimile
thereof), properly completed and duly executed, or an Agent's Message (as
defined in the Offer to Purchase) and (3) any other documents required by the
Letter of Transmittal.

     
Purchaser will not pay any fees or commissions to any broker or dealer or
other person (other than the Depositary and the Information Agent as described
in the Offer to Purchase) in connection with the solicitation of tenders of
Shares pursuant to the Offer.
However, Purchaser will, upon request, reimburse
you for customary mailing and handling expenses incurred by you in forwarding
the enclosed materials to your clients.

     
Purchaser will pay or cause to be paid any stock transfer taxes payable on
the transfer of Shares to it, except as otherwise provided in Instruction 6 of
the enclosed Letter of Transmittal.

     
YOUR PROMPT ACTION IS REQUESTED.
WE URGE YOU TO CONTACT YOUR CLIENTS AS
PROMPTLY AS POSSIBLE.
THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT 5:00 P.M.,
NEW YORK CITY TIME, ON FRIDAY, MARCH 2, 2001, UNLESS THE OFFER IS EXTENDED.

     
In order to take advantage of the Offer, a duly executed and properly
completed Letter of Transmittal and any other required documents should be sent
to the Depositary and certificates representing the tendered Shares should be
delivered, or such Shares should be tendered by book-entry transfer, all in
accordance with the instructions set forth in the Letter of Transmittal and the
Offer to Purchase.

     
If holders of Shares wish to tender, but it is impracticable for them to
forward their certificates or other required documents prior to the expiration
of the Offer, a tender may be effected by following the guaranteed delivery
procedures specified under Section 2 in the Offer to Purchase.

     
Any inquires you may have with respect to the Offer or requests for
additional copies of the enclosed materials should be addressed to the
Information Agent at the address and telephone number set forth on the back
cover page of the enclosed Offer to Purchase.

                                         
Very truly yours,

                                         D.F. King & Co., Inc.
Enclosures

NOTHING CONTAINED HEREIN OR IN THE ENCLOSED DOCUMENTS SHALL CONSTITUTE YOU OR
ANY PERSON AS AN AGENT OF PURCHASER, THE DEPOSITARY OR THE INFORMATION AGENT OR
AUTHORIZE YOU OR ANY OTHER PERSON TO USE ANY DOCUMENT OR MAKE ANY STATEMENTS ON
BEHALF OF ANY OF THEM IN CONNECTION WITH THE OFFER OTHER THAN THE DOCUMENTS
ENCLOSED AND THE STATEMENTS CONTAINED THEREIN.


EX-99.(A)(1)(E)

f68556ex99-a1e.txt

(A)(1)(E)

                                                               EXHIBIT (a)(1)(E)
                           OFFER TO PURCHASE FOR CASH
                     ALL OUTSTANDING SHARES OF COMMON STOCK
                                       OF

                                  XIRCOM, INC.
                                       
AT
                               $25 NET PER SHARE
                       PURSUANT TO THE OFFER TO PURCHASE
                             DATED JANUARY 29, 2001
                                       BY

                          ESR ACQUISITION CORPORATION
                        A DIRECT WHOLLY-OWNED SUBSIDIARY
                                       OF

                               INTEL CORPORATION

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT 5:00 P.M., NEW YORK CITY TIME, ON
  FRIDAY, MARCH 2, 2001 (THE "EXPIRATION DATE"), UNLESS THE OFFER IS EXTENDED.

                                                                
January 29, 2001
To Our Clients:

     Enclosed for your consideration is an Offer to Purchase dated January 29,
2001 and the related Letter of Transmittal (which together constitute the
"Offer") relating to an offer by ESR Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware
corporation ("Purchaser") and direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Intel
Corporation, a Delaware corporation ("Intel"), to purchase all outstanding
shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share (collectively, the "Shares"),
of Xircom, Inc., a California corporation (the "Company"), at a purchase price
of $25 per Share, net to the seller in cash, upon the terms and subject to the
conditions set forth in the Offer.
We are the holder of record of Shares held by
us for your account.
The Letter of Transmittal is furnished to you for your
information only and cannot be used by you to tender Shares.
A tender of Shares
may be made only by us as the holder of record and pursuant to your
instructions.

     
We request instructions as to whether you wish to tender any or all Shares
held by us for your account, pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth in
the Offer.

     
Your attention is directed to the following:

     1.
The tender price is $25 per Share, net to the seller in cash.

     
2.
The Offer is being made for all outstanding Shares.

     
3.
This Offer is being made pursuant to the terms of an Agreement and Plan
of Merger, dated as of January 15, 2001 (the "Merger Agreement"), by and among
the Company, Purchaser and Intel.
The Merger Agreement provides, among other
things, for the making of the Offer by Purchaser, and further provides that,
following the purchase of Shares pursuant to the Offer and promptly after the
satisfaction or waiver of certain conditions, Purchaser will be merged with and
into the Company (the "Merger").
The Company will continue as the surviving
corporation after the Merger and will be a wholly-owned subsidiary of Intel.

     
4.
The Board of Directors of the Company has unanimously approved the
Offer, the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger
Agreement, has determined that the Offer, the Merger and the other transactions
contemplated by the Merger Agreement are fair to and in the best interests of
the Company's shareholders and recommends that shareholders of the Company
accept the Offer and tender their Shares.

     
5.
The Offer and withdrawal rights will expire at 5:00 p.m., New York City
time, on Friday, March 2, 2001, unless the Offer is extended.

     
6.
THE OFFER IS CONDITIONED UPON, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE SATISFACTION OR
WAIVER OF CERTAIN CONDITIONS TO THE OBLIGATIONS OF PURCHASER AND THE COMPANY TO
CONSUMMATE THE OFFER, INCLUDING (1)
THERE BEING VALIDLY TENDERED BY THE
EXPIRATION DATE AND NOT WITHDRAWN, OR OTHERWISE BENEFICIALLY OWNED BY INTEL OR
PURCHASER, A NUMBER OF SHARES WHICH REPRESENTS AT LEAST A MAJORITY OF SHARES ON
A FULLY-DILUTED BASIS (INCLUDING FOR PURPOSES OF THE OFFER ALL SHARES ISSUABLE
UPON EXERCISE OF ALL VESTED COMPANY STOCK OPTIONS AND UNVESTED COMPANY STOCK
OPTIONS THAT VEST, OR UPON CONSUMMATION OF THE OFFER WILL VEST, PRIOR TO MAY 15,
2001), (2) RECEIPT BY PURCHASER AND THE COMPANY OF CERTAIN GOVERNMENTAL AND
REGULATORY APPROVALS, AND (3) COMPLIANCE BY THE COMPANY WITH CERTAIN FINANCIAL
AND BUSINESS CRITERIA.
PLEASE SEE THE OFFER TO PURCHASE FOR MORE DETAILED
INFORMATION REGARDING THE CONDITIONS TO THE OBLIGATIONS OF PURCHASER AND THE
COMPANY TO CONSUMMATE THE OFFER.

     
7. Shareholders who tender Shares will not be obligated to pay brokerage
commissions or, except as set forth in Instruction 6 of the Letter of
Transmittal, transfer taxes on the purchase of Shares by Purchaser pursuant to
the Offer.

     
If you wish to have us tender any or all of your Shares, please complete,
sign and return the form set forth on the reverse side of this letter.
An
envelope to return your instructions to us is enclosed.
If you authorize the
tender of your Shares, all such Shares will be tendered unless otherwise
specified to us on the reverse side of this letter.
Your instructions to us
should be forwarded in ample time to permit us to submit a tender on your behalf
prior to the expiration of the Offer.

                     
INSTRUCTIONS WITH RESPECT TO THE OFFER
                 TO PURCHASE FOR CASH ALL OUTSTANDING SHARES OF
                                  COMMON STOCK
                                       OF

                                  XIRCOM, INC.
                                       
AT
                               $25 NET PER SHARE
                                       BY

                          ESR ACQUISITION CORPORATION
                      A DIRECT WHOLLY-OWNED SUBSIDIARY OF

                               INTEL CORPORATION

     The undersigned acknowledge(s) receipt of your letter enclosing the Offer
to Purchase, dated January 29, 2001, of ESR Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware
corporation ("Purchaser") and direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Intel
Corporation, and the related Letter of Transmittal, relating to shares of common
stock, par value $0.001 per share (collectively, the "Shares"), of Xircom, Inc.,
a California corporation.

     
This will instruct you to tender to Purchaser the number of Shares
indicated below held by you for the account of the undersigned, on the terms and
subject to the conditions set forth in the Offer to Purchase and the Letter of
Transmittal.


NUMBER OF SHARES TO BE TENDERED:                                       SIGN HERE

- --------------- SHARES                               ----------------------------------------------

                                                     ----------------------------------------------
                                                                      SIGNATURE(S)

Account Number:                                      ----------------------------------------------
  -------------------------------------              
PLEASE PRINT NAME(S) AND ADDRESS(ES)
HERE

                                                     ----------------------------------------------

                                                     ----------------------------------------------

                                                     ----------------------------------------------

Dated:                                               ----------------------------------------------
  ------------------------------------------,         TAX IDENTIFICATION OR SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER

- ---------------
*
Unless otherwise indicated, it will be assumed that all of your Shares held by
  us for your account are to be tendered.


EX-99.(A)(1)(F)

f68556ex99-a1f.txt

(A)(1)(F)

                                                               EXHIBIT (a)(1)(F)

            GUIDELINES FOR CERTIFICATION OF TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION
                         NUMBER ON SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9

GUIDELINES FOR DETERMINING THE PROPER IDENTIFICATION NUMBER TO GIVE THE
PAYER.
-- Social Security numbers have nine digits separated by two hyphens:
i.e., 000-00-0000.
Employer identification numbers have nine digits separated by
only one hyphen, i.e. 00-0000000.
The table below will help determine the number
to give the payer.

- ------------------------------------------------------------
                                             GIVE THE
                                         SOCIAL SECURITY
      FOR THIS TYPE OF ACCOUNT             NUMBER OF --
- ------------------------------------------------------------

 1.  
An individual's account          The individual
 2.  
Two or more individuals (joint   The actual owner of
     account)                         the account or, if
                                      combined funds, any
                                      one of the
                                      individuals(2)
 3.  Husband and wife (joint          The actual owner of
     account)                         the account or, if
                                      joint funds, the first
                                      individual on the
                                      account(1)
 4.  
Custodian account of a minor     The minor(2)
     (Uniform Gift to Minors Act)
 5.  
Adult and minor (joint account)  
The adult or, if the
                                      minor is the only
                                      contributor, the
                                      minor(1)
 6.  
Account in the name of guardian  The ward, minor, or
     or committee for a designated    incompetent person(3)
     ward, minor, or incompetent
     person
 7.  
a.
The usual revocable savings   The grantor-trustee(1)
        trust account (grantor is
        also trustee)
     b.
So-called trust account that  The actual owner(1)
        is not a legal or valid
        trust under State law
 8.  
Sole proprietorship account      The owner(4)
- ------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------
                                        GIVE THE EMPLOYER
                                          IDENTIFICATION
     FOR THIS TYPE OF ACCOUNT:             NUMBER OF --
- ------------------------------------------------------------

 9.  
A valid trust, estate, or        The legal entity (do
     pension trust                    not furnish the
                                      identifying number of
                                      the personal
                                      representative or
                                      trustee unless the
                                      legal entity itself is
                                      not designated in the
                                      account title)(5)

10.  
Corporate account                
The corporation

11.  
Religious, charitable, or        
The organization
     educational organization
     account

12.  
Partnership account held in the  The partnership
     name of the business

13.  
Association, club, or other      The organization
     tax-exempt organization

14.  
A broker or registered nominee   The broker or nominee

15.  
Account with the Department of   The public entity
     Agriculture in the name of a
     public entity (such as a State
     or local government, school
     district, or prison) that
     receives agricultural program
     payments
- ------------------------------------------------------------

(1) List first and circle the name of the person whose number you furnish.

(2) Circle the minor's name and furnish the minor's social security number.

(3) Circle the ward's, minor's or incompetent person's name and furnish such
    person's social security number.

(4) Show the name of the owner.

(5) List first and circle the name of the legal trust, estate, or pension trust.


NOTE:
If no name is circled when there is more than one name, the number will be
      considered to be that of the first name listed.

            
GUIDELINES FOR CERTIFICATION OF TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION
                         NUMBER ON SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9

                                     PAGE 2

OBTAINING A NUMBER
If you don't have a taxpayer identification number ("TIN") or you don't know
your number, obtain, as appropriate, either a Form SS-5, Application for a
Social Security Number Card, or Form SS-4, Application for Employer
Identification Number, or a Form W-7 for Individual Taxpayer Identification
Number (for alien individuals required to file U.S. tax returns) at the local
office of the Social Security Administration or the Internal Revenue Service and
apply for a number.


PAYEES EXEMPT FROM BACKUP WITHHOLDING
Payees specifically exempted from backup withholding on ALL dividend and
interest payments and on broker transactions include the following:
  - A corporation.
  
- A financial institution.
  - An organization exempt from tax under Section 501(a), or an individual
    retirement plan, or a custodian account under Section 403(b)(7)
if the
    account satisfies the requirements of Section 401(f)(2).
  - The United States or any agency or instrumentality thereof.
  - A State, the District of Columbia, a possession of the United States, or any
    subdivision or instrumentality thereof.
  - An international organization or any agency or instrumentality thereof.
  - A registered dealer in securities or commodities registered in the United
    States or a possession of the United States.
  - A real estate investment trust.
  - A common trust fund operated by a bank under Section 584(a).
  - An entity registered at all times under the Investment Company Act of 1940.
  - A foreign central bank of issue.
  
Payments of dividends and patronage dividends not generally subject to backup
withholding include the following:
  - Payments to nonresident aliens subject to withholding under Section 1441.
  - Payments to partnerships not engaged in a trade or business in the United
    States and which have at least one nonresident alien partner.
  - Payments of patronage dividends where the amount received is not paid in
    money.
  
- Payments made by certain foreign organizations.
  
Payments of interest not generally subject to backup withholding include the
following:
  - Payments of interest on obligations issued by individuals.
    
Note: You may be subject to backup withholding if this interest is $600 or
    more and is paid in the course of the payer's trade or business and you have
    not provided your correct taxpayer identification number to the payer.
  - Payments of tax-exempt interest (including exempt interest dividends under
    Section 852).
  - Payments described in Section 6049(b)(5) to nonresident aliens.
  - Payments on tax-free covenant bonds under Section 1451.
  - Payments made by certain foreign organizations.

Exempt payees described above should file Form W-9 to avoid possible erroneous
backup withholding.
Complete the Substitute Form W-9 as follows: ENTER YOUR
TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION NUMBER, WRITE "EXEMPT" ON THE FACE OF THE FORM, SIGN,
DATE, AND RETURN IT TO THE PAYER.

  
Certain payments other than interest, dividends, and patronage dividends that
are not subject to information reporting are also not subject to backup
withholding.
For details, see the regulations under sections 6041, 6041A(a),
6042, 6044, 6045, 6049, 6050A and 6050N and the regulations thereunder.


PRIVACY ACT NOTICE.
--
Section 6109 requires most recipients of dividend,
interest, or other payments to give taxpayer identification numbers to payers
who must report the payments to IRS.
The IRS uses the numbers for identification
purposes and to help verify the accuracy of tax reforms.
Payers must be given
the numbers whether or not recipients are required to file tax returns.
Payers
must generally withhold 31% of taxable interest, dividend, and certain other
payments to a payee who does not furnish a taxpayer identification number to a
payer.
Certain penalties may also apply.


PENALTIES
(1) PENALTY FOR FAILURE TO FURNISH TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION NUMBER.
-- If you
fail to furnish your correct taxpayer identification number to a payer, you are
subject to a penalty of $50 for each such failure unless your failure is due to
reasonable cause and not to willful neglect.

(2) PENALTY FOR FALSE INFORMATION WITH RESPECT TO WITHHOLDING.
-- If you make a
false statement with no reasonable basis which results in no imposition of
backup withholding, you are subject to a penalty of $500.

(3) CRIMINAL PENALTY FOR FALSIFYING INFORMATION.
--
Willfully falsifying
certifications or affirmations may subject you to criminal penalties including
fines and/or imprisonment.

(4) MISUSE OF TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION NUMBERS.
-- If the payer discloses or uses
taxpayer identification numbers in violation of Federal law, the payer may be
subject to civil and criminal penalties.

 
FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION CONTACT YOUR TAX CONSULTANT OR THE INTERNAL REVENUE
                                    SERVICE

EX-99.(A)(1)(H)

f68556ex99-a1h.txt

(A)(1)(H)

                                                               EXHIBIT (a)(1)(H)

THIS ANNOUNCEMENT IS NEITHER AN OFFER TO PURCHASE NOR A SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER
TO SELL SHARES (AS DEFINED BELOW).
THE OFFER (AS DEFINED BELOW) IS MADE SOLELY
BY THE OFFER TO PURCHASE, DATED JANUARY 29, 2001, AND THE RELATED LETTER OF
TRANSMITTAL, AND ANY AMENDMENTS OR SUPPLEMENTS THERETO, AND IS NOT BEING MADE TO
(NOR WILL TENDERS BE ACCEPTED FROM OR ON BEHALF OF) HOLDERS OF SHARES IN ANY
JURISDICTION IN WHICH THE MAKING OF THE OFFER OR THE ACCEPTANCE THEREOF WOULD
NOT BE IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE LAWS OF SUCH JURISDICTION.
IN THOSE JURISDICTIONS
WHERE SECURITIES, BLUE SKY OR OTHER LAWS REQUIRE THE OFFER TO BE MADE BY A
LICENSED BROKER OR DEALER, THE OFFER SHALL BE DEEMED TO BE MADE ON BEHALF OF ESR
ACQUISITION CORPORATION BY ONE OR MORE REGISTERED BROKERS OR DEALERS LICENSED
UNDER THE LAWS OF SUCH JURISDICTION.

                      
NOTICE OF OFFER TO PURCHASE FOR CASH
                     ALL OUTSTANDING SHARES OF COMMON STOCK
                                       OF

                                  XIRCOM, INC.
                                       
AT
                               $25 NET PER SHARE
                                       BY

                          ESR ACQUISITION CORPORATION
             A DIRECT WHOLLY-OWNED SUBSIDIARY OF INTEL CORPORATION

     ESR Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware corporation ("Purchaser") and
direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Intel Corporation, a Delaware corporation
("Intel"), is offering to purchase any and all outstanding shares of common
stock, par value $0.001 per share (the "Shares"), of Xircom, Inc., a California
corporation (the "Company"), at $25 per Share, net to the seller in cash, upon
the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Offer to Purchase,
dated January 29, 2001, and in the related Letter of Transmittal (which,
together with any amendments or supplements thereto, collectively constitute the
"Offer").


THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT 5:00 P.M., NEW YORK CITY TIME, ON
 FRIDAY, MARCH 2, 2001, UNLESS EXTENDED.
SHARES WHICH ARE TENDERED PURSUANT TO
      THE OFFER MAY BE WITHDRAWN
AT ANY TIME PRIOR TO THE EXPIRATION DATE.

     
The Offer is conditioned upon, among other things, the satisfaction or
waiver of certain conditions to the obligations of Purchaser, Intel and the
Company, including (i) there being validly tendered and not withdrawn, or
otherwise beneficially owned by Intel or Purchaser, prior to the expiration of
the Offer such number of Shares that would constitute at least a majority of the
outstanding Shares on a fully diluted basis (including for purposes of the Offer
all Shares issuable upon exercise of all vested Company stock options and
unvested Company stock options that vest, or upon consummation of the Offer will
vest, prior to May 15, 2001)
(the "Minimum Condition"), (ii) the receipt by
Purchaser, Intel and the Company of certain governmental and regulatory
approvals set forth in the Offer to Purchase, and (iii) compliance by the
Company with certain financial and business criteria.
The Offer is not
conditioned on obtaining financing.

     
The Offer is being made pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated
as of January 15, 2001 (the "Merger Agreement"), by and among Intel, Purchaser
and the Company pursuant to which, as soon as practicable following the
consummation of the Offer and satisfaction or waiver of all conditions to the
Merger (as defined below), Purchaser will be merged with and into the Company
and the Company will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of Intel (the "Merger").

On the effective date of the Merger, each outstanding Share (except for Shares
owned by the Company, Intel or Purchaser, or any subsidiary of Intel, and Shares
held by dissenting shareholders exercising their appraisal rights under the
California Corporations Code, to the extent such rights apply) will be cancelled
and extinguished and converted into the right to receive $25 in cash (or any
greater amount per Share paid pursuant to the Offer), without interest.

According to the Company, as of January 12, 2001, there were issued and
outstanding 29,921,232 shares and options to acquire approximately 7,760,624
shares.
Intel and Purchaser have entered into a Tender and Voting Agreement with
one of the

shareholders of the Company (the "Tendering Shareholder") who beneficially owns
674,333 Shares, representing approximately 2.3% of the issued and outstanding
Shares.
Pursuant to this Tender and Voting Agreement, the Tendering Shareholder
has agreed, provided the Merger Agreement has not been terminated, to tender to
Purchaser substantially all Shares beneficially owned by such Tendering
Shareholder and vote such Shares in favor of approval of the Merger Agreement
and the transactions contemplated thereby.
In addition, Intel currently holds
1,868,530, or approximately 6.2%, of the issued and outstanding Shares.


THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE COMPANY HAS UNANIMOUSLY APPROVED THE OFFER AND THE
MERGER AND DETERMINED THAT THE TERMS OF THE OFFER AND THE MERGER ARE AT A PRICE
 AND ON TERMS THAT ARE ADEQUATE AND ARE OTHERWISE IN THE BEST INTERESTS OF THE
COMPANY AND ITS SHAREHOLDERS AND RESOLVED TO RECOMMEND THAT SHAREHOLDERS OF THE
               COMPANY ACCEPT THE OFFER AND TENDER THEIR SHARES.

     
For purposes of the Offer, Purchaser shall be deemed to have accepted for
payment, and thereby purchased, Shares validly tendered to Purchaser and not
properly withdrawn as, if and when Purchaser gives oral or written notice to
Citibank, N.A., as depositary (in such capacity, the "Depositary"), of
Purchaser's acceptance for payment of such Shares.
Upon the terms and subject to
the conditions of the Offer, payment for Shares purchased pursuant to the Offer
will be made by deposit of the purchase price therefor with the Depositary,
which will act as agent for the tendering shareholders for the purpose of
receiving payment from Purchaser and transmitting such payment to tendering
shareholders whose Shares have been accepted for payment.
In all cases, payment
for Shares purchased pursuant to the Offer will be made only after timely
receipt by the Depositary of (i) certificates for such Shares or timely
confirmation of book-entry transfer of such Shares into the Depositary's account
at a Book-Entry Transfer Facility (as defined in the Offer to Purchase) pursuant
to the procedures set forth in Section 2 of the Offer to Purchase, (ii) a
properly completed and duly executed Letter of Transmittal (or facsimile
thereof) with any required signature guarantees, or, in the case of a book-entry
transfer, an Agent's Message (as defined in the Offer to Purchase) and (iii) any
other documents required by the Letter of Transmittal.
Under no circumstance
will interest be paid by Purchaser on the purchase price of the Shares accepted
for payment, regardless of any extension of the Offer or any delay in making
such payment.

     
The term "Expiration Date" means 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on Friday,
March 2, 2001, unless and until Purchaser extends the period of time during
which the Offer is open, in which event the term "Expiration Date" shall mean
the latest time and date on which the Offer, as so extended by Purchaser, shall
expire.
Purchaser expressly reserves the right, subject to the terms of the
Merger Agreement, at any time or from time to time and regardless of whether or
not any of the events set forth in Section 18 of the Offer to Purchase shall
have occurred, to (i) extend the period of time during which the Offer is open
and thereby postpone acceptance for payment of any Shares by giving oral or
written notice of such extension to the Depositary, and (ii) amend the Offer in
any other respect permitted under the Merger Agreement by giving oral or written
notice of such amendment to the Depositary.
Purchaser shall not have any
obligation to pay interest on the purchase price for tendered Shares, whether or
not Purchaser exercises its right to extend the Offer.
Except as set forth in
the Merger Agreement, there can be no assurance that Purchaser will extend the
Offer.
Any extension of the Offer will be followed by a public announcement
thereof no later than 9:00 a.m., New York City time, on the next business day
after the previously scheduled Expiration Date.
During any such extension, all
Shares previously tendered and not withdrawn will remain tendered, subject to
the right of a tendering shareholder to withdraw such shareholder's Shares.

     
Pursuant to Rule 14d-11 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended (the "Exchange Act"), Purchaser may, subject to certain conditions,
include a subsequent offering period following the expiration of the Offer on
the Expiration Date (a "Subsequent Offering Period").
Rule 14d-11 provides,
among other things, that in order to provide a Subsequent Offering Period,
Purchaser must accept and promptly pay for all Shares tendered during the Offer,
and Purchaser must accept and promptly pay for Shares as they are tendered in
the Subsequent Offering Period.
Shareholders will not have withdrawal rights
during a Subsequent Offering Period.
Purchaser does not currently intend to
provide a Subsequent Offering Period, although it has reserved the right to do
so in the Merger Agreement.
If Purchaser elects to provide a Subsequent Offering
Period, it will publicly announce its decision in a manner reasonably calculated
to inform shareholders sufficiently in advance of the Expiration Date.

     
Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Purchaser may make any changes in the
terms and conditions of the Offer, provided that, unless previously approved by
the Company in writing, Purchaser may not (i) decrease the offer price,

(ii) change the form of consideration payable in the Offer, (iii) reduce the
maximum number of Shares to be purchased in the Offer, (iv) add additional
conditions to the Offer, (v) amend the conditions to the Offer to broaden their
scope, (vi) extend the Offer except as permitted by the terms of the Merger
Agreement, (vii) amend the Minimum Condition or (viii) amend any other term of
the Offer in a manner adverse to the holders of the Shares.

     
The receipt by a shareholder of cash for Shares pursuant to the Offer and
the Merger will be a taxable transaction for United States federal income tax
purposes, and may also be a taxable transaction under applicable state, local or
foreign tax laws.
All shareholders are urged to consult with their own tax
advisors as to the particular tax consequences to them of the Offer and the
Merger.

     
Except as otherwise provided below, tenders of Shares made pursuant to the
Offer are irrevocable.
Shares tendered pursuant to the Offer may be withdrawn at
any time on or prior to the Expiration Date and, unless theretofore accepted for
payment pursuant to the Offer, may also be withdrawn at any time after March 30,
2001.
For a withdrawal to be effective, a written, telegraphic or facsimile
transmission notice of withdrawal must be timely received by the Depositary at
one of its addresses set forth on the back cover of the Offer to Purchase and
must specify the name of the person having tendered the Shares to be withdrawn,
the number of Shares to be withdrawn and the name of the registered holder of
the Shares to be withdrawn, if different from the name of the person who
tendered the Shares.
If certificates evidencing Shares to be withdrawn have been
delivered or otherwise identified to the Depositary, then, prior to the physical
release of such certificates, the serial numbers shown on such certificates must
be submitted to the Depositary and, unless the Shares have been tendered by an
Eligible Institution (as defined in Section 2 of the Offer to Purchase), the
signature on the notice of withdrawal must be guaranteed by an Eligible
Institution.
If Shares have been delivered pursuant to the procedures for
book-entry transfer as set forth in Section 2 of the Offer to Purchase, any
notice of withdrawal must also specify the name and number of the account at the
appropriate Book-Entry Transfer Facility to be credited with the withdrawn
Shares and otherwise comply with such Book-Entry Transfer Facility's procedures.

Withdrawal of tendered Shares may not be rescinded, and any Shares properly
withdrawn will thereafter be deemed not validly tendered for the purposes of the
Offer.
However, withdrawn Shares may be retendered by again following one of the
procedures described in Section 2 of the Offer to Purchase at any time prior to
the Expiration Date.

     
All questions as to the form and validity (including time of receipt) of
notices of withdrawal will be determined by Purchaser, in its sole discretion,
whose determination will be final and binding on all parties.

     
The Offer to Purchase and the related Letter of Transmittal and other
relevant materials will be mailed to record holders of Shares and furnished to
brokers, dealers, banks, trust companies and similar persons whose names, or the
names of whose nominees, appear on the Company's shareholder list or, if
applicable, who are listed as participants in a clearing agency's security
position listing, for subsequent transmittal to beneficial owners of Shares.
The
information required to be disclosed by paragraph (d)(1) of Rule 14d-6 under the
Exchange Act is contained in the Offer to Purchase and is incorporated herein by
reference.

 
THE OFFER TO PURCHASE AND LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION
  WHICH SHOULD BE READ BEFORE ANY DECISION IS MADE WITH RESPECT TO THE OFFER.

     
Requests for copies of the Offer to Purchase, the Letter of Transmittal and
all other tender offer materials may be directed to the Information Agent, as
set forth below, and copies will be furnished promptly at Purchaser's expense.

Questions or requests for assistance may be directed to the Information Agent.

                    
THE INFORMATION AGENT FOR THE OFFER IS:

                             D.F. KING & CO., INC.
                          77 Water Street, 20th Floor
                            New York, New York 10005
                          Call Collect: (212) 269-5550
                         Call Toll-Free: (800) 628-8528

January 29, 2001

EX-99.(D)(3)

f68556ex99-d3.txt

(D)(3)

                                                                  EXHIBIT (d)(3)

                          TENDER AND VOTING AGREEMENT

     THIS TENDER AND VOTING AGREEMENT, dated as of January 15, 2001 (this
"Agreement"), is entered into by and between Intel Corporation, a Delaware
corporation ("Parent"), and ESR Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware corporation
and direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent ("Acquisition"), on the one hand,
and Dirk I. Gates ("Shareholder"), on the other hand.
Capitalized terms used
herein but not otherwise defined shall have the meanings set forth in the Merger
Agreement (as defined below).

                                    
RECITALS:

     WHEREAS, concurrently herewith, Parent, Acquisition and Xircom, Inc., a
California corporation (the "Company"), are entering into an Agreement and Plan
of Merger, of even date herewith (the "Merger Agreement"), pursuant to which
Acquisition will make a tender offer (the "Offer") for all outstanding shares of
common stock, $0.001 par value, of the Company ("Company Common Stock") and,
after Acquisition has accepted tendered shares for payment (the date on which
such acceptance occurs, the "Acceptance Date"), the Company and Acquisition will
be merged together, with the Company as the surviving corporation and
wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent (the "Merger");

     WHEREAS, Shareholder Beneficially Owns (as defined herein) 674,333 shares
of Company Common Stock (the "Shares"); and

     WHEREAS, as an inducement and a condition to entering into the Merger
Agreement, Parent and Acquisition have required that Shareholder agree, and
Shareholder has agreed, to enter into this Agreement.

     
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual premises,
representations, warranties, covenants and agreements contained herein, the
parties hereto hereby agree as follows:

     
Section 1.
Tender of Shares.
Shareholder hereby agrees with Parent and
Acquisition that Shareholder will, promptly after the date of commencement of
the Offer (but in all events not later than ten (10) business days thereafter),
tender to Acquisition or its agent all Shares Beneficially Owned by Shareholder
on such date (the "Tendered Shares").
Shareholder further agrees to tender to
Acquisition or its agent promptly after Shareholder's acquisition thereof (but
in all events not later than ten (10) business days after such acquisition) all
other shares of Company Common Stock acquired and Beneficially Owned by
Shareholder at any time prior to the Acceptance Date or the date on which the
Offer is terminated or expires without Acquisition's having accepted shares for
payment; all such subsequently tendered Shares shall constitute "Tendered
Shares" for all purposes of this Agreement.
Shareholder agrees not to withdraw
any of the Tendered Shares unless the Offer is terminated or has expired

without Acquisition's having accepted the Tendered Shares for payment.

Shareholder acknowledges and agrees that Acquisition's obligation to accept for
payment and pay for the Tendered Shares is subject to all the terms and
conditions of the Offer.

     
Section 2.
Voting Agreement.

     
(a)  Shareholder hereby agrees with Parent and Acquisition that, at any
meeting of the Company's shareholders, however called, or in connection with any
written consent of the Company's shareholders in lieu of a meeting, Shareholder
shall vote the Shares Beneficially Owned by Shareholder, whether heretofore
owned or hereafter acquired, (i) in favor of approval of the Merger Agreement
and any actions required in furtherance of the transactions contemplated
thereby, including without limitation voting such shares in favor of the
election to the Company Board of each person designated by Parent for nomination
thereto pursuant to Section 1.3(a) of the Merger Agreement at any meeting of the
Company's shareholders called for the election of directors; (ii) against any
action or agreement that would result in a breach in any respect of any
covenant, representation or warranty or any other obligation or agreement of the
Company under the Merger Agreement; and (iii) except as otherwise agreed to in
writing in advance by Parent, against: (A) any Third Party Acquisition, (B) any
change in a majority of the individuals who, as of the date hereof, constitute
the Company Board (other than as contemplated by Section 1.3 of the Merger
Agreement), (C) any extraordinary corporate transaction, such as a merger,
consolidation or other business combination involving the Company or any of its
subsidiaries and any Third Party, (D) a sale, lease, transfer or disposition of
any assets of the Company's or any of its subsidiaries' business outside the
ordinary course of business, or any assets which are material to its business
whether or not in the ordinary course of business, or a reorganization,
recapitalization, dissolution or liquidation of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries, (E) any change in the present capitalization of the Company or any
amendment of the Company's Articles of Incorporation or bylaws, (F) any other
material change in the Company's corporate structure or affecting its business,
or (G) any other action which is intended, or could reasonably be expected, to
impede, interfere with, delay, postpone or materially adversely affect the
Offer, the Merger or any of the other transactions contemplated by the Merger
Agreement or the Stock Option Agreement, or any of the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement.

     (b)  Shareholder shall not enter into any agreement or understanding with
any person the effect of which would be inconsistent or violative of the
provisions and agreements contained herein.

     
(c)  
For purposes of this Agreement, "Beneficially Own" or "Beneficial
Ownership" with respect to any securities shall mean Shareholder's having such
ownership, control or power to direct the voting with respect to, or otherwise
enables Shareholder to legally act with respect to, such securities as
contemplated hereby, including pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or
understanding, whether or not in writing.
Securities Beneficially Owned by
Shareholder shall (i) include securities

Beneficially Owned by all other persons with whom Shareholder would constitute a
"group" as within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act, and (ii)
exclude, until their issuance, any Shares issuable upon exercise of options held
by Shareholder.

     
Section 3.
Director Matters Excluded.
Parent and Acquisition acknowledge
and agree that no provision of this Agreement shall limit or otherwise restrict
Shareholder with respect to any act or omission that Shareholder may undertake
or authorize in his capacity as a member of the Company Board, including,
without limitation, any vote that Shareholder may make as a director of the
Company with respect to any matter presented to the Company Board.

     
Section 4.
Other Covenants, Representations and Warranties.
Shareholder
hereby represents and warrants to Parent and Acquisition as follows:

     (a)  Ownership of Shares.
Shareholder is the Beneficial Owner of all the
Shares.
On the date hereof, the Shares constitute all of the Shares Beneficially
Owned by Shareholder.
Shareholder has voting power with respect to the matters
set forth in Section 2(a) hereof with respect to all of the Shares, with no
limitations, qualifications or restrictions on such rights.

     
(b)  Power; Binding Agreement.
Shareholder has the legal capacity, power
and authority to enter into and perform all of its obligations under this
Agreement.
The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by
Shareholder will not violate any agreement or any court order to which
Shareholder is a party or is subject including, without limitation, any voting
agreement or voting trust.
This Agreement has been duly and validly executed and
delivered by Shareholder.

     (c)  Restriction on Transfer, Proxies and Non-Interference.
Except as
expressly contemplated by this Agreement or the Merger Agreement, Shareholder
shall not, directly or indirectly: (i) offer for sale, sell, transfer, tender,
pledge, encumber, assign or otherwise dispose of, or enter into any contract,
option or other arrangement or understanding with respect to or consent to the
offer for sale, sale, transfer, tender, pledge, encumbrance, assignment or other
disposition of, any or all of the Shares or any interest therein; (ii) grant any
proxies or powers of attorney or deposit any Shares into a voting trust or enter
into a voting agreement with respect to any Shares; or (iii) take any action
that would make any representation or warranty of Shareholder contained herein
untrue or incorrect or have the effect of preventing or disabling Shareholder
from performing any of Shareholder's obligations under this Agreement.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary provided in this Agreement, Shareholder
shall have the right to transfer Shares to (i) any Family Member, (ii) the
trustee or trustees of a trust for the benefit of Shareholder and/or one or more
Family Members and/or charitable organizations, (iii) a partnership of which
Shareholder and/or Family Members owns a majority of the partnership interests,
(iv) a limited liability company of which Shareholder and/or any Family Members
owns a majority of the membership interests, (v) the executor, administrator or
personal representative of the estate of Shareholder, or

(vi) any guardian, trustee or conservator appointed with respect to the assets
of Shareholder; provided that in the case of any such transfer, the transferee
shall, as a condition to such transfer, execute an agreement to be bound by the
terms of this Agreement, or terms substantially identical thereto.
"Family
Member" shall have the meaning ascribed to "Related Parties" under Section
672(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

     (d)  Other Potential Acquirors.
Shareholder shall immediately cease any
discussions or negotiations with any other persons with respect to any Third
Party Acquisition.
Shareholder shall not, directly or indirectly, encourage,
solicit, participate in or initiate discussions or negotiations with or provide
any information to any person or group (other than Parent and Acquisition or any
designees of Parent and Acquisition) concerning any Third Party Acquisition.
The
Shareholder shall promptly (and in any event within one business day after
becoming aware thereof) (i) notify Parent in the event the Shareholder receives
any proposal or inquiry concerning a Third Party Acquisition, including the
terms and conditions thereof and the identity of the party submitting such
proposal, and any request for confidential information in connection with a
potential Third Party Acquisition, (ii) provide a copy of any written
agreements, proposals or other materials Shareholder receives from any such
person or group (or its representatives), and (iii) advise Parent from time to
time of the status, at any time upon Parent's request, and promptly following
any developments concerning the same.

     
(e)  Reliance by Parent and Acquisition.
Shareholder understands and
acknowledges that Parent and Acquisition are entering into the Merger Agreement
in reliance upon Shareholder's execution and delivery of this Agreement.

     
(f)  Sophistication.
The Shareholder acknowledges being an informed and
sophisticated investor and, together with the Shareholder's advisors, has
undertaken such investigation as they have deemed necessary, including the
review of the Merger Agreement and this Agreement, to enable the Shareholder to
make an informed and intelligent decision with respect to the Merger Agreement
and this Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby and hereby.

     
Section 5.
Stop Transfer.
Shareholder agrees with, and covenants to, Parent
and Acquisition that Shareholder shall not request that the Company register the
transfer (book-entry or otherwise) of any certificate or uncertificated interest
representing any Shares, unless such transfer is made pursuant to this
Agreement.
In the event of a stock dividend or distribution, or any change in
the Company Common Stock by reason of any stock dividend, split-up,
recapitalization, combination, exchange of shares or the like, the term "Shares"
shall be deemed to refer to and include the Shares as well as all such stock
dividends and distributions and any shares into which or for which any or all of
the Shares may be changed or exchanged.

     
Section 6.
Termination.
Shareholder's covenants and agreements contained
herein with respect to the Shares shall terminate upon the earliest to occur of:

(a) the termination of the Merger Agreement in accordance with its terms; (b)
the Acceptance Date; and (c) May 15, 2001.
Upon the termination of this
Agreement, this Agreement shall forthwith become null and void, and there shall
be no liability on the part of any party hereto, except (i) that the provisions
of this Section 6 and the provisions of Section 7 shall survive the termination
of this Agreement and (ii) nothing herein shall relieve any party from liability
for any intentional breach hereof.

     
Section 7.
Miscellaneous.

     (a)  Entire Agreement.
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement
between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all
other prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral, among the
parties with respect to the subject matter hereof.

     (b)  Certain Events.
Shareholder agrees that this Agreement and the
obligations hereunder shall attach to the Shares and shall be binding upon any
person to which legal or beneficial ownership of any Shares shall pass, whether
by operation of law or otherwise.
Notwithstanding any transfer of Shares, the
transferor shall remain liable for the performance of all obligations under this
Agreement of the transferor.

     
(c)  Assignment.
This Agreement shall not be assigned by operation of law
or otherwise without the prior written consent of the other party; provided,
however, that Parent may, in its sole discretion, assign its rights and
obligations hereunder to any direct or indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of
Parent; provided further that such assignment shall not relieve Parent of its
obligations hereunder if such subsidiary shall fail to perform such obligations
in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

     
(d)  Amendments, Waivers, Etc.
This Agreement may not be amended, changed,
supplemented, waived or otherwise modified or terminated, except upon the
execution and delivery of a written agreement executed by the parties hereto.

     
(e)  Notices.
All notices, requests, claims, demands and other
communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be given (and shall be
deemed to have been duly received if so given) by hand delivery, telecopy, or by
mail (registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested)
or by any nationally-recognized overnight courier service, such as Federal
Express, providing proof of delivery.
Any such notice or communication shall be
deemed to have been delivered and received (i) in the case of hand delivery, on
the date of such delivery, (ii) in the case of telecopy, on the date sent if
confirmation of receipt is received and such notice is also promptly mailed by
registered or certified mail (return receipt requested), (iii) in the case of a
nationally-recognized overnight courier service, in circumstances under which
such courier guarantees next business day delivery, on the next business day
after the date when sent, and (iv) in the case of mailing, on the third business
day following the date on which the piece of mail containing such communication
is posted.
All communications hereunder shall be delivered to the respective
parties at the following addresses: (i) if to Parent or

Acquisition, to its address set forth in the Merger Agreement, and (ii) if to
the Shareholder, to the address set forth under the Shareholder's signature on
the signature page hereto; or, in each case, to such other address as the Person
to whom notice is given may have previously furnished to the others in writing
in the manner set forth above.

     (f)  Severability.
Whenever possible, each provision of this Agreement will
be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law
but if any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid, illegal or
unenforceable in any respect under any applicable law or rule in any
jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability will not affect
any other provision or portion of any provision in such jurisdiction, and this
Agreement will be reformed, construed and enforced in such jurisdiction as if
such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision or portion of any provision had
never been contained herein.

     
(g)  Specific Performance.
Each of the parties hereto recognizes and
acknowledges that a breach by it of any covenants or agreements contained in
this Agreement will cause the other party to sustain damage for which it would
not have an adequate remedy at law for money damages, and therefore each of the
parties hereto agrees that in the event of any such breach the aggrieved party
shall be entitled to the remedy of specific performance of such covenants and
agreements and injunctive and other equitable relief in addition to any other
remedy to which it may be entitled, at law or in equity.

     (h)  Further Assurances.
From time to time, at the other party's request
and without further consideration, the Shareholder shall execute and deliver
such additional documents and take all such further lawful action as may be
necessary or desirable to consummate and make effective, in the most expeditious
manner practicable, the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

     
(i)  Remedies Cumulative.
All rights, powers and remedies provided under
this Agreement or otherwise available in respect hereof at law or in equity
shall be cumulative and not alternative, and the exercise of any right, power or
remedy by any party shall not preclude the simultaneous or later exercise of any
other such right, power or remedy by such party.

     
(j)  No Waiver.
The failure of any party hereto to exercise any right,
power or remedy provided under this Agreement or otherwise available in respect
hereof at law or in equity, or to insist upon compliance by any other party
hereto with its obligations hereunder, and any custom or practice of the parties
at variance with the terms hereof, shall not constitute a waiver by such party
of its right to exercise any such or other right, power or remedy or to demand
such compliance.

     
(k)  Governing Law.
This Agreement shall be governed and construed in
accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to the
principles of conflicts of law thereof.

     
(l)  WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL.
THE PARTIES HERETO WAIVE
ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY
JURY IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING TO ENFORCE OR DEFEND ANY RIGHTS UNDER THIS
AGREEMENT AND ANY DOCUMENT EXECUTED IN CONNECTION HEREWITH.

     
(m)  Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of
which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which, taken together, shall
constitute one and the same agreement.

     (n)  Descriptive Headings.
The descriptive headings used herein are
inserted for convenience of reference only and are not intended to be part of or
to affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.

            
[THE REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE IS INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Parent, Acquisition and the Shareholder have executed
and delivered this Agreement as of the day and year first above written.

                                 
INTEL CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation

                                 By: /s/
ARVIND SODHANI
                                    -------------------------------------------
                                 Name: Arvind Sodhani
                                 Title: Vice President and Treasurer

                                 ESR ACQUISITION CORPORATION, a Delaware
                                 corporation

                                 By: SUZAN A. MILLER
                                    -------------------------------------------
                                 Name: Suzan A. Miller
                                 Title: President

                                 SHAREHOLDER

                                 /s/
DIRK I. GATES
                                 ----------------------------------------------
                                 Name: Dirk I. Gates

                                 Address for Notices to Shareholder:

                                 4380 Spring Forest Lane
                                 Westlake, California 91362
                                 Facsimile: (805) 373-0950

          
[SIGNATURE PAGE TO INTEL/XIRCOM TENDER AND VOTING AGREEMENT]

EX-99.(D)(4)

f68556ex99-d4.txt

(D)(4)

                                                                  EXHIBIT (d)(4)

                            NONCOMPETITION AGREEMENT

     THIS NONCOMPETITION AGREEMENT (this "Agreement") is entered into as of
January 15, 2001, by and among Intel Corporation ("Parent"), Xircom, Inc. (the
"Company ") and Dirk Gates, a shareholder of the Company ("Shareholder").

                                    RECITALS

     A.   The Company is engaged in the research, design, and development, and
manufacture of wired and/or wireless network access products, such products
containing hardware, software, and both hardware and/or software products,
designs and solutions, and all intellectual property embodied in the foregoing,
including but not limited to PC cards in multiple form factors, communications
modules, and modular components (the "Business").

     
B.   Parent, ESR Acquisition Corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary of
Parent ("Acquisition"), and the Company are parties to that certain Agreement
and Plan of Merger dated as of January 15, 2001 (the "Merger Agreement"),
providing for the merger of Acquisition with and into the Company (the
"Merger").

     
C.   As a condition and essential inducement to Parent's and Acquisition's
willingness to enter into the Merger Agreement and in consideration of the
transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, Shareholder has agreed to the
provisions of this Agreement.

                                    
AGREEMENT

     NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing recitals and the
covenants and agreements in the Merger Agreement and for other good and valuable
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged,
Shareholder hereby covenants and agrees as follows:

     1.   NONCOMPETITION.

          (a)  
During the period commencing on the date hereof and ending on the
date that is three years after the Effective Time (as defined in the Merger
Agreement), Shareholder, subject to Section 1(b), shall not, directly or
indirectly (including, without limitation, through any existing or future
Affiliate (as defined below)), own, manage, operate, control, enable (whether by
license, sublicense, assignment or otherwise) or otherwise engage or participate
in, or be connected as a shareholder, director, officer, employee, partner,
member, lender, guarantor or advisor of, or consultant to, any corporation,
limited liability company, partnership or other entity or person that, directly
or indirectly, (1) engages in the Business in the Business Area, (2) competes in
the Business in the Business Area against the Company, the Parent, or any of
their direct or indirect subsidiaries (including partnerships or other entities
in which such persons hold more than 50% of the combined voting power) engaged
in the Business, or (3) markets, distributes or sells any products that are
marketed, distributed or sold, directly or indirectly through intermediaries, in
the Business Area that are competitive to Business products marketed sold or
distributed by the Company, the Parent, or any of their existing or future
direct or indirect subsidiaries (including partnerships or other entities in
which such persons hold more than 50% of the combined voting power) engaged in
the Business.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Shareholder
shall not, directly or indirectly (including, without limitation, through any
existing or future Affiliate or any other entity or person Shareholder is
associated with in any of the above capacities):

               (i)  engage in research, development, manufacture, licensing,
                    marketing, distribution or sale of any existing or future
                    products or services relating to the Business;

               (ii) have any ownership interest in, manage, operate, control, be
                    connected with as a shareholder (except as permitted by
                    Section 1(b)), joint venturer, officer, director, agent,
                    lender, representative, partner or employee of, or
                    consultant to, or otherwise engage or invest or participate
                    in, the Business or any person or entity that takes any of
                    the actions described in Clauses (1), (2) or (3) above;

              (iii) accept any business relating to the Business from any
                    existing or prospective Business customer of the Company,
                    the Parent, or any of their existing or future direct or
                    indirect subsidiaries (including partnerships and other
                    entities in which such persons hold more than 50% of the
                    combined voting power) that are engaged in the Business, or
                    solicit or knowingly encourage any such customer to
                    terminate or adversely alter any relationship with respect
                    to the Business such person may have with the Company or any
                    of its existing or future Affiliates engaged in the
                    Business; and

               (iv) market, sell, distribute, endorse or promote, any products
                    or services that are competitive with products or services
                    of the Business or any products or services of the Company,
                    the Parent, or any of their direct or indirect subsidiaries
                    (including partnerships and other entities in which such
                    persons hold more than 50% of the combined voting power)
                    engaged in the Business.

          (b)  
Consistent with the foregoing provisions of Section 1(a),
Shareholder may own (solely as a passive investor) securities in any
publicly-held corporation that may be engaged in the Business, but only to the
extent Shareholder does not own, of record or beneficially, an aggregate of two
percent (2%) or more of the outstanding beneficial ownership of such
corporation.

          
(c)  
The restrictions set forth in this Section 1 shall apply
worldwide (the "Business Area"), due to the global nature of the Business.

          
(d)  "Affiliate", as used herein, means, with respect to any person or
entity, any person or entity directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by
or under direct or indirect common control with such other person or entity.

     
2.   NONSOLICITATION OF EMPLOYEES.
During the period commencing on the date
hereof and ending on the date that is three years after the Effective Time (as
defined in the Merger Agreement), Shareholder shall not, either on his or her
own account or for any corporation, limited liability company, partnership or
other entity or person (including, without limitation, through any existing or
future Affiliate), solicit any employee of the Company or any existing or future
Affiliate of the Company to leave his or her employment, or knowingly induce or
knowingly attempt to induce any such employee to terminate or breach his or her
employment agreement, if any.

     
3.   NONSOLICITATION OF CUSTOMERS.
During the period commencing on the date
hereof and ending on the date that is three years after the Effective Time (as
defined in the Merger Agreement), Shareholder shall not, directly or indirectly
(including, without limitation, through any existing or future Affiliate),
solicit, cause in any part or knowingly encourage any current or future customer
of the Company or any existing or future Affiliate of the Company engaged in the
Business to cease doing business in whole or in part with the Company or any
such Affiliate with respect to the Business.

     
4.   CONFIDENTIALITY.
During the period commencing on the date hereof and
ending on the date that is three years after the Effective Time (as defined in
the Merger Agreement), a breach by Shareholder of the Parent's standard form of
Employee Agreement shall also constitute a breach by Shareholder of this
Agreement.
Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to limit the effectiveness
of the Employee Agreement.

     
5.   STAY OF TIME.
In the event a court of competent jurisdiction or other
entity or person mutually selected by the parties to resolve any dispute
(collectively a "Court") has determined that Shareholder has violated the
provisions of this Agreement, the running of the time period of such provisions
so violated shall be automatically suspended as of the date of such violation
and shall be extended for the period of time from the date such violation
commenced through the date that the Court determines that such violation has
permanently ceased.

     
6.   
INJUNCTIVE RELIEF.
The remedy at law for any breach of this Agreement
is and will be inadequate, and in the event of a breach or threatened breach by
Shareholder of this Agreement, the Company shall be entitled to

an injunction restraining Shareholder from breaching or otherwise violating any
provision of this Agreement.
Nothing herein contained shall be construed as
prohibiting the Company from pursuing any other remedies available to it or them
for such breach or threatened breach, including, without limitation, the
recovery of damages from Shareholder.

     
7.   NOTICES.
All notices and other communications pursuant to this
Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed given if delivered personally,
telecopied, sent by nationally-recognized overnight courier or mailed by
registered or certified mail (return receipt requested), postage prepaid, to the
parties at the addresses set forth below or to such other address as the party
to whom notice is to be given may have furnished to the other parties hereto in
writing in accordance herewith.
Any such notice or communication shall be deemed
to have been delivered and received (A) in the case of personal delivery, on the
date of such delivery, (B) in the case of telecopier, on the date sent if
confirmation of receipt is received and such notice is also promptly mailed by
registered or certified mail (return receipt requested), (C) in the case of a
nationally-recognized overnight courier in circumstances under which such
courier guarantees next business day delivery, on the next business day after
the date when sent and (D) in the case of mailing, on the third business day
following that on which the piece of mail containing such communication is
posted:

                  if to Parent or the Company, to:

                  Intel Corporation
                  2200 Mission College Boulevard
                  Santa Clara, California 95052
                  Telecopier:  (408) 765-1859
                  Attention:  General Counsel

                  and

                  Intel Corporation
                  2200 Mission College Boulevard
                  Santa Clara, California 95052
                  Telecopier:  (408) 765-6038
                  Attention:  
Treasurer

                  with a copy to:

                  Weil, Gotshal & Manges LLP
                  2882 Sand Hill Road, Suite 280
                  Menlo Park, California 94025
                  Telecopier:  (650) 854-3713
                  Attention: Richard A. Millard

                  if to Shareholder, to:

                  Dirk Gates
                  2300 Corporate Center Drive
                  Thousand Oaks, California 91320
                  Telecopier:  (805) 376-9311

or to such other address as the person to whom notice is given may have
previously furnished to the others in writing in the manner set forth above.
Any
party hereto may give any notice, request, demand, claim or other communication
hereunder using any other means (including ordinary mail or electronic mail),
but no such notice, request, demand, claim or other communication shall be
deemed to have been duly given unless and until it actually is received by the
individual for whom it is intended.

     
8.   
SEPARATE COVENANTS.
This Agreement shall be deemed to consist of a
series of separate covenants, one for each line of business included within the
Business as it may be conducted by the Company and its successors on or after
the date hereof, and each city, county, state, country or other region included
within the Business Area.
The parties expressly agree that the character,
duration and geographical scope of this Agreement are reasonable in light of the
circumstances as they exist on the date upon which this Agreement has been
executed.
However, should a determination nonetheless be made by a court of
competent jurisdiction at a later date that the character, duration or
geographical scope of this Agreement is unreasonable in light of the
circumstances as they then exist, then it is the intention and the agreement of
the Company and Shareholder that this Agreement shall be construed by the court
in such a manner as to impose only those restrictions on the conduct of the
Company or Shareholder that are reasonable in light of the circumstances as they
then exist and as are necessary to assure the Company of the intended benefit of
this Agreement.
If, in any judicial proceeding, a court shall refuse to enforce
all of the separate covenants deemed included herein because, taken together,
they are more extensive than necessary to assure the Company of the intended
benefit of this Agreement, it is expressly understood and agreed among the
parties hereto that those of such covenants that, if eliminated, would permit
the remaining separate covenants to be enforced in such proceeding shall, for
the purpose of such proceeding, be deemed eliminated from the provisions hereof.

     
9.   SEVERABILITY.
If any of the provisions of this Agreement shall
otherwise contravene or be invalid under the laws of any state, country or other
jurisdiction where this Agreement is applicable but for such contravention or
invalidity, such contravention or invalidity shall not invalidate all of the
provisions of this Agreement but rather it shall be construed, insofar as the
laws of that state or other jurisdiction are concerned, as not containing the
provision or provisions contravening or invalid under the laws of that state or
jurisdiction, and the rights and obligations created hereby shall be construed
and enforced accordingly.

     
10.  
GOVERNING LAW; CONSENT TO JURISDICTION; CERTAIN WAIVERS.
This
Agreement shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the internal
laws (without reference to choice or conflict of laws) of the State of
California.
Each of the parties hereto consents to the jurisdiction of any state
or federal court located within the San Jose metropolitan area of the State of
California, and irrevocably agrees that all actions or proceedings relating to
this Agreement shall be litigated in one of such courts, and each of the parties
waives any objection that it may have based on improper venue or forum non
conveniens to the conduct of any such action or proceeding in any such court and
waives personal service of any and all process upon it, and consent to all such
service of process made in the manner set forth in Section 7.
Nothing contained
in this Section 10 shall affect the right of any party to serve legal process on
any other party in any other manner permitted by law.
The parties hereto waive
all rights to a jury trial in connection with actions arising in connection with
this Agreement.

     
11.  AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS.

          
(a)  This Agreement may be modified only by a written instrument duly
executed by each party hereto.

          
(b)  No waiver by a party of any default, misrepresentation or breach
of a warranty or covenant hereunder, whether intentional or not, shall be deemed
to extend to any prior or subsequent default, misrepresentation or breach of a
warranty or covenant hereunder or affect in any way any rights arising by virtue
of any prior or subsequent occurrence.
No failure or delay by a party hereto in
exercising any right, power or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver
thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise thereof preclude any other or
further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege.

The rights and remedies herein provided shall be cumulative and not exclusive of
any rights or remedies provided under applicable law.

     
12.  ATTORNEYS' FEES.
Should any litigation, arbitration or other
proceeding be commenced between the parties concerning this Agreement
(including, without limitation, the enforcement hereof and the rights and duties
of the parties hereunder), the party prevailing shall be entitled, in addition
to such other relief as may be granted, such party's attorneys' fees in
connection with such litigation, arbitration or other proceeding.

     
13.  
ENTIRE AGREEMENT.
This Agreement, together with the Merger Agreement
and the ancillary documents executed in connection therewith, contains the
entire understanding of the parties, supersedes all prior

and contemporaneous agreements and understandings relating to the subject matter
hereof and shall not be amended except by a written instrument hereafter signed
by all of the parties hereto.

     14.  
COUNTERPARTS.
This Agreement may be executed by the parties in
separate counterparts, each of which, when so executed and delivered, shall be
an original, but all of which, when taken as a whole, shall constitute one and
the same instrument.

     
15.  
SECTION HEADINGS AND REFERENCES.
The headings of each Section,
subsection or other subdivision of this Agreement are for reference only and
shall not limit or control the meaning thereof.
All references to a Section are
references to a Section of this Agreement, unless otherwise specified, and
include all subparts thereof.

     
16.  ASSIGNS.
This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit
of the parties hereto and their respective successors, heirs, personal
representatives and permitted assigns.
Neither this Agreement nor any right,
remedy, obligation or liability arising hereunder or by reason hereof nor any of
the documents executed in connection herewith may be assigned by any party
without the consent of the other parties; provided, however, that the Company
may assign its rights hereunder, without the consent of Shareholder, to any
existing or future Affiliate of the Company or Parent and to any person or
entity that acquires or succeeds to all or any part of the Business.
No such
assignment shall relieve the assigning party of its obligations hereunder if
such assignee does not perform such obligations.

     
17.  FURTHER ASSURANCES.
From time to time, at the Company's request and
without further consideration, Shareholder shall execute and deliver such
additional documents and take all such further action as reasonably requested by
Company, to make effective, in the most expeditious manner possible, the terms
of this Agreement.

     
18.  EXPENSES.
Each party hereto shall pay its own expenses in connection
with this Agreement.

     19.  
EARLY TERMINATION.
Notwithstanding any other provision of this
Agreement, this Agreement shall terminate and be of no further force and effect
in the event that the Merger shall not occur and the Merger Agreement is
terminated in accordance with its terms.

                  
[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties has caused this Agreement to be
duly executed on its behalf as of the day and year first above written.

                                
INTEL CORPORATION

                                By: /s/
ARVIND SODHANI
                                   ---------------------------------------------
                                Name: Arvind Sodhani
                                Title: Vice President and Treasurer

                                XIRCOM, INC.

                                
By: /s/ STEVEN F. DEGENNERO
                                   ---------------------------------------------
                                Name: Steven F. Degennero
                                Title: Chief Financial Officer

                                SHAREHOLDER

                                
By: /s/
DIRK GATES
                                   ---------------------------------------------
                                Name: Dirk Gates

   SIGNATURE PAGE FOR INTEL CORPORATION/XIRCOM, INC. NONCOMPETITION AGREEMENT
                                  OF DIRK GATES

EX-99.(D)(5)

f68556ex99-d5.txt

(D)(5)

                                                                  EXHIBIT (d)(5)

                              EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

                                January 14, 2001

To: Dirk Gates

Dear Dirk:

               This letter agreement ("Agreement"), if accepted, sets forth the
terms of your employment with Xircom, Inc. ("Xircom") and/or Intel Corporation
("Intel") or any of Intel's subsidiaries (collectively, the "Company").
This
offer is contingent on the occurrence of the closing of the Agreement and Plan
of Merger by and among Intel, Xircom and ESR Acquisition Corporation dated
January 15, 2001 (the "Merger Agreement"), and, if you accept this offer, it
will take effect as of the "Closing Date" for the Merger Agreement.

               
The terms of your employment under this Agreement are as follows:

Compensation and Benefits

(Initial your choice of Option 1 or Option 2)


/s/
DG      
[OPTION 1] You will receive an annual base salary ("Base Salary")
of $522,892, less all applicable deductions.
You are eligible for an Employee
Bonus ("EB") and Employee Cash Bonus ("ECBP"), payable under the terms of the
Intel's EB and ECBP Plans.
For purposes of calculating your EB, your target EB
shall be $ 43,000.

____________
[OPTION 2] You will receive an annual base salary ("Base Salary")
of $ 370,000, less all applicable deductions.
You are eligible for an Employee
Bonus ("EB") and Employee Cash Bonus ("ECBP"), payable under the terms of the
Intel's EB and ECBP Plans.
For purposes of calculating your EB, your target EB
shall be $ 100,000.

               
As soon as practicable following the Closing Date, the Company
will recommend that you receive a grant of options for 53,000 shares of Intel
common stock, which shall vest in annual installments as set forth below on each
anniversary of the date of grant:

              2002         2003        2004        2005       2006
              15000        9500        9500        9500       9500

               
In addition, you are eligible to participate in the Company
employee benefit programs available to similarly situated employees, including,
but not limited to, the Intel employee stock purchase plan in accordance with
the terms of such plan.


Term of Employment

               Employment with the Company will be "at will."
Either you or the
Company may terminate your employment with or without cause or notice at any
time.


Your Position

               You will initially have the title of Vice President, NCG, Grade
12, reporting to Greg Lang.
You will have whatever reasonable duties are
assigned to you consistent with your title and position.


Proprietary Information

               This offer is also contingent on you executing Intel's standard
form of Employee Agreement regarding proprietary information and inventions, a
copy of which is attached hereto and incorporated herein.


Change in Control Agreement

               You agree that your move to the position described in this
Agreement, and the responsibilities associated with such position, shall not
constitute "Good Reason" under your Change in Control Agreement.
You further
agree that "Cause" under your Change in Control Agreement shall be determined in
good faith by: the Xircom Board of Directors; the Chief Executive Officer of
Intel; or the Vice President in charge of Intel's Network Communications Group
(or its successor business unit).

               
Per your Change in Control Agreement, upon the Closing Date, your
existing options (summarized in the attached schedule) will be accelerated by 1
year.


Entire Agreement

               This Agreement, your Change in Control Agreement, your
Noncompetition Agreement and Intel's standard form of Employee Agreement will be
the entire agreement between the Company and you relating to your employment and
the additional matters provided for herein.
You agree that there were no
promises or commitments made to you regarding your employment with the Company
except as set forth in this letter.
This Agreement supersedes and replaces any
prior oral or written agreements between you and Xircom relating to the subject
matter hereof, including any prior employment agreements, but excluding your
Change in Control Agreement.
This Agreement does not supersede your existing
stock option agreements, which will be assumed by Intel under the Merger
Agreement.
This Agreement may be amended or altered only in a writing signed by
you and an officer of Intel Corporation.


Governing Law

               This Agreement shall be construed and interpreted in accordance
with the laws of the State of California (not including its conflict of law
provisions).


Severability

               Each provision of this Agreement is severable from the others,
and if any provision hereof shall be to any extent unenforceable, it and the
other provisions shall continue to be enforceable to the full extent allowable,
as if such unenforceable provision had not been a part of this Agreement.

                  
[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

               By signing below, you agree to the terms and conditions of this
Employment Agreement.

                                            
INTEL CORPORATION

                                            By: /s/
ARVIND SODHANI
                                               ---------------------------------
                                            Name: Arvind Sodhani
                                            Title: Vice President and Treasurer

Date: January 14, 2001                      /s/
DIRK GATES
     ----------------------                 
------------------------------------
                                            Employee Signature

                    [SIGNATURE PAGE FOR EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT
                    BETWEEN INTEL CORPORATION AND DIRK GATES]

EX-99.(D)(6)

f68556ex99-d6.txt

(D)(6)

                                                                  EXHIBIT (d)(6)

                              EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

                                January 15, 2001

To: Sam Bass

Dear Sam:

               This letter agreement ("Agreement"), if accepted, sets forth the
terms of your employment with Xircom, Inc. ("Xircom") and/or Intel Corporation
("Intel") or any of Intel's subsidiaries (collectively, the "Company").
This
offer is contingent on the occurrence of the closing of the Agreement and Plan
of Merger by and among Intel, Xircom and ESR Acquisition Corporation dated
January 15, 2001 (the "Merger Agreement"), and, if you accept this offer, it
will take effect as of the "Closing Date" for the Merger Agreement.

               
The terms of your employment under this Agreement are as follows:

Compensation and Benefits

(Initial your choice of Option 1 or Option 2)


/s/ SB       
[OPTION 1] You will receive an annual base salary ("Base Salary")
of $220,000, less all applicable deductions.
You are eligible for an Employee
Bonus ("EB") and Employee Cash Bonus ("ECBP"), payable under the terms of the
Intel's EB and ECBP Plans.
For purposes of calculating your EB, your target EB
shall be $ 48,000.

____________
[OPTION 2] You will receive an annual base salary ("Base Salary")
of $ 247,280, less all applicable deductions.
You are eligible for an Employee
Bonus ("EB") and Employee Cash Bonus ("ECBP"), payable under the terms of the
Intel's EB and ECBP Plans.
For purposes of calculating your EB, your target EB
shall be $ 33,000.

               
As soon as practicable following the Closing Date, the Company
will recommend that you receive a grant of options for 41,850 shares of Intel
common stock, which shall vest in annual installments as set forth below on each
anniversary of the date of grant:

              2002         2003        2004        2005       2006
              8370         8370        8370        8370       8370

               
In addition, you are eligible to participate in the Company
employee benefit programs available to similarly situated employees, including,
but not limited to, the Intel employee stock purchase plan in accordance with
the terms of such plan.


Term of Employment

               Employment with the Company will be "at will."
Either you or the
Company may terminate your employment with or without cause or notice at any
time.


Your Position

               You will have the title of General Manager, Grade 11, reporting
to Greg Lang.
You will have whatever reasonable duties are assigned to you
consistent with your title and position.


Proprietary Information

               This offer is also contingent on you executing Intel's standard
form of Employee Agreement regarding proprietary information and inventions, a
copy of which is attached hereto and incorporated herein.


Change in Control Agreement

               You agree that your move to the position described in this
Agreement, and the responsibilities associated with such position, shall not
constitute "Good Reason" under your Change in Control Agreement.
You further
agree that "Cause" under your Change in Control Agreement shall be determined in
good faith by: the Xircom Board of Directors; the Chief Executive Officer of
Intel; or the Vice President in charge of Intel's Network Communications Group
(or its successor business unit).

               
Per your Change in Control Agreement, upon the Closing Date, your
existing options (summarized in the attached schedule) will be accelerated by 1
year.


Entire Agreement

               This Agreement, your Change in Control Agreement and Intel's
standard form of Employee Agreement will be the entire agreement between the
Company and you relating to your employment and the additional matters provided
for herein.
You agree that there were no promises or commitments made to you
regarding your employment with the Company except as set forth in this letter.

This Agreement supersedes and replaces any prior oral or written agreements
between you and Xircom relating to the subject matter hereof, including any and
all other prior employment agreement, but excluding your Change in Control
Agreement.
This Agreement does not supersede your existing stock option
agreements, which will be assumed by Intel under the Merger Agreement.
This
Agreement may be amended or altered only in a writing signed by you and an
officer of Intel Corporation.


Governing Law

               This Agreement shall be construed and interpreted in accordance
with the laws of the State of California (not including its conflict of law
provisions).


Severability

               Each provision of this Agreement is severable from the others,
and if any provision hereof shall be to any extent unenforceable, it and the
other provisions shall continue to be enforceable to the full extent allowable,
as if such unenforceable provision had not been a part of this Agreement.

                  
[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

               By signing below, you agree to the terms and conditions of this
Employment Agreement.

                                            
INTEL CORPORATION

                                            By: /s/
ARVIND SODHANI
                                               ---------------------------------
                                            Name: Arvind Sodhani
                                            Title: Vice President and Treasurer

Date: January 15, 2001                      /s/
SAM BASS
     ----------------------                 ------------------------------------
                                            Employee Signature

                    
[SIGNATURE PAGE FOR EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT
                     BETWEEN INTEL CORPORATION AND SAM BASS]

EX-99.(D)(7)

f68556ex99-d7.txt

(D)(7)

                                                                  EXHIBIT (d)(7)

                              EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

                                January 14, 2001

To: Steven DeGennaro

Dear Steven:

               
This letter agreement ("Agreement"), if accepted, sets forth the
terms of your employment with Xircom, Inc. ("Xircom") and/or Intel Corporation
("Intel") or any of Intel's subsidiaries (collectively, the "Company").
This
offer is contingent on the occurrence of the closing of the Agreement and Plan
of Merger by and among Intel, Xircom and ESR Acquisition Corporation dated
January 15, 2001 (the "Merger Agreement"), and, if you accept this offer, it
will take effect as of the "Closing Date" for the Merger Agreement.

               
The terms of your employment under this Agreement are as follows:

Compensation and Benefits

(Initial your choice of Option 1 or Option 2)


/s/
SD         
[OPTION 1] You will receive an annual base salary ("Base Salary")
of $271,699, less all applicable deductions.
You are eligible for an Employee
Bonus ("EB") and Employee Cash Bonus ("ECBP"), payable under the terms of the
Intel's EB and ECBP Plans.
For purposes of calculating your EB, your target EB
shall be $19,100.

____________
[OPTION 2] You will receive an annual base salary ("Base Salary")
of $240,000, less all applicable deductions.
You are eligible for an Employee
Bonus ("EB") and Employee Cash Bonus ("ECBP"), payable under the terms of the
Intel's EB and ECBP Plans.
For purposes of calculating your EB, your target EB
shall be $36,000.

               
As soon as practicable following the Closing Date, the Company
will recommend that you receive a grant of options for 25,000 shares of Intel
common stock, which shall vest in annual installments as set forth below on each
anniversary of the date of grant:

              2002         2003        2004        2005       2006
              5000         5000        5000        5000       5000

               
In addition, you are eligible to participate in the Company
employee benefit programs available to similarly situated employees, including,
but not limited to, the Intel employee stock purchase plan in accordance with
the terms of such plan.


Term of Employment

               Employment with the Company will be "at will."
Either you or the
Company may terminate your employment with or without cause or notice at any
time.


Your Position

               You will initially have the title of Controller, Grade 11,
reporting to Dirk Gates.
You will have whatever reasonable duties are assigned
to you consistent with your title and position.


Proprietary Information

               This offer is also contingent on you executing Intel's standard
form of Employee Agreement regarding proprietary information and inventions, a
copy of which is attached hereto and incorporated herein.


Change in Control Agreement

               You agree that your move to the position described in this
Agreement, and the responsibilities associated with such position, shall not
constitute "Good Reason" under your Change in Control Agreement.
You further
agree that "Cause" under your Change in Control Agreement shall be determined in
good faith by: the Xircom Board of Directors; the Chief Executive Officer of
Intel; or the Vice President in charge of Intel's Network Communications Group
(or its successor business unit).

               
Per your Change in Control Agreement, upon the Closing Date, your
existing options (summarized in the attached schedule) will be accelerated by 1
year.


Entire Agreement

               This Agreement, your Change in Control Agreement and Intel's
standard form of Employee Agreement will be the entire agreement between the
Company and you relating to your employment and the additional matters provided
for herein.
You agree that there were no promises or commitments made to you
regarding your employment with the Company except as set forth in this letter.

This Agreement supersedes and replaces any prior oral or written agreements
between you and Xircom relating to the subject matter hereof, including any
prior employment agreements, but excluding your Change in Control Agreement.

This Agreement does not supersede your stock option agreements, which will be
assumed by Intel under the Merger Agreement.
This Agreement may be amended or
altered only in a writing signed by you and an officer of Intel Corporation.


Governing Law

               This Agreement shall be construed and interpreted in accordance
with the laws of the State of Colorado (not including its conflict of law
provisions).


Severability

               Each provision of this Agreement is severable from the others,
and if any provision hereof shall be to any extent unenforceable, it and the
other provisions shall continue to be enforceable to the full extent allowable,
as if such unenforceable provision had not been a part of this Agreement.

                  
[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

               By signing below, you agree to the terms and conditions of this
Employment Agreement.

                                            
INTEL CORPORATION

                                            By: /s/
ARVIND SODHANI
                                               ---------------------------------
                                            Name: Arvind Sodhani
                                            Title: Vice President and Treasurer

Date: January 14, 2001                      /s/ STEVEN DEGENNARO
     ----------------------                 ------------------------------------
                                            Employee Signature

                    [SIGNATURE PAGE FOR EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT
                 BETWEEN INTEL CORPORATION AND STEVEN DEGENNERO]

EX-99.(D)(8)

f68556ex99-d8.txt

(D)(8)

                                                                  EXHIBIT (d)(8)

                              EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

                                January 15, 2001

To: Marc Devis

Dear Marc:

               This letter agreement ("Agreement"), if accepted, sets forth the
terms of your employment with Xircom, Inc. ("Xircom") and/or Intel Corporation
("Intel") or any of Intel's subsidiaries (collectively, the "Company").
This
offer is contingent on the occurrence of the closing of the Agreement and Plan
of Merger by and among Intel, Xircom and ESR Acquisition Corporation dated
January 15, 2001 (the "Merger Agreement"), and, if you accept this offer, it
will take effect as of the "Closing Date" for the Merger Agreement.

               
The terms of your employment under this Agreement are as follows:

Compensation and Benefits

(Initial your choice of Option 1 or Option 2)

____________
[OPTION 1] You will receive an annual base salary ("Base Salary")
of $320,000, less all applicable deductions.
You are eligible for an Employee
Bonus ("EB") and Employee Cash Bonus ("ECBP"), payable under the terms of the
Intel's EB and ECBP Plans.
For purposes of calculating your EB, your target EB
shall be $52,000.


/s/
MD       
[OPTION 2] You will receive an annual base salary ("Base Salary")
of $369,100, less all applicable deductions.
You are eligible for an Employee
Bonus ("EB") and Employee Cash Bonus ("ECBP"), payable under the terms of the
Intel's EB and ECBP Plans.
For purposes of calculating your EB, your target EB
shall be $26,000.

               
As soon as practicable following the Closing Date, the Company
will recommend that you receive a grant of options for 28,000 shares of Intel
common stock, which shall vest in annual installments as set forth below on each
anniversary of the date of grant:

              2003         2004        2005        2006
              7000         7000        7000        7000

               
In addition, you are eligible to participate in the Company
employee benefit programs available to similarly situated employees, including,
but not limited to, the Intel employee stock purchase plan in accordance with
the terms of such plan.


Term of Employment

               Employment with the Company will be "at will."
Either you or the
Company may terminate your employment with or without cause or notice at any
time.


Your Position

               You will initially have the title of Director of Sales, Grade 11,
reporting to Dirk Gates.
You will have whatever reasonable duties are assigned
to you consistent with your title and position.


Proprietary Information

               This offer is also contingent on you executing Intel's standard
form of Employee Agreement regarding proprietary information and inventions, a
copy of which is attached hereto and incorporated herein.


Change in Control Agreement

               You agree that your move to the position described in this
Agreement, and the responsibilities associated with such position, shall not
constitute "Good Reason" under your Change in Control Agreement.
You further
agree that "Cause" under your Change in Control Agreement shall be determined in
good faith by: the Xircom Board of Directors; the Chief Executive Officer of
Intel; or the Vice President in charge of Intel's Network Communications Group
(or its successor business unit).

               
Per your Change in Control Agreement, upon the Closing Date, your
existing options (summarized in the attached schedule) will be accelerated by 1
year.


Entire Agreement

               This Agreement, your Change in Control Agreement and Intel's
standard form of Employee Agreement will be the entire agreement between the
Company and you relating to your employment and the additional matters provided
for herein; provided, however, that to the best of its ability and in accordance
with applicable law, the Company will honor the terms of your existing payroll
practices; provided further, that the Company shall continue your current
Company car policy until the expiration of the lease on your car.
You agree that
there were no promises or commitments made to you regarding your employment with
the Company except as set forth in this letter.
This Agreement supersedes and
replaces any prior oral or written agreements between you and Xircom relating to
the subject matter hereof, including any prior employment agreements, but
excluding your Change in Control Agreement.
This Agreement does not supersede
your stock option agreements, which will be assumed by Intel under the Merger
Agreement.
This Agreement may be amended or altered only in a writing signed by
you and an officer of Intel Corporation.


Governing Law

               This Agreement shall be construed and interpreted in accordance
with the laws of California (not including its conflict of law provisions).


Severability

               Each provision of this Agreement is severable from the others,
and if any provision hereof shall be to any extent unenforceable, it and the
other provisions shall continue to be enforceable to the full extent allowable,
as if such unenforceable provision had not been a part of this Agreement.

                  
[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

               By signing below, you agree to the terms and conditions of this
Employment Agreement.

                                            
INTEL CORPORATION

                                            By: /s/
ARVIND SODHANI
                                               ---------------------------------
                                            Name: Arvind Sodhani
                                            Title: Vice President and Treasurer

Date: January 15, 2001                      /s/
MARC DEVIS
     ----------------------                 
------------------------------------
                                            Employee Signature

                    [SIGNATURE PAGE FOR EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT
                    BETWEEN INTEL CORPORATION AND MARC DEVIS]

EX-99.(D)(9)

f68556ex99-d9.txt

(D)(9)

                                                                  EXHIBIT (d)(9)

                              EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

                                January 15, 2001

To: Jeffery Tang

Dear Jeffery:

               This letter agreement ("Agreement"), if accepted, sets forth the
terms of your employment with Xircom, Inc. ("Xircom") and/or Intel Corporation
("Intel") or any of Intel's subsidiaries (collectively, the "Company").
This
offer is contingent on the occurrence of the closing of the Agreement and Plan
of Merger by and among Intel, Xircom, and ESR Acquisition Corporation dated
January 15, 2001 (the "Merger Agreement"), and, if you accept this offer, it
will take effect as of the "Closing Date" for the Merger Agreement.

               
The terms of your employment under this Agreement are as follows:

Compensation and Benefits

(Initial your choice of Option 1 or Option 2)

/s/
JT       
[OPTION 1] You will receive an annual base salary ("Base Salary")
of $175,157, less all applicable deductions.
You are eligible for an Employee
Bonus ("EB") and Employee Cash Bonus ("ECBP"), payable under the terms of the
Intel's EB and ECBP Plans.
For purposes of calculating your EB, your target EB
shall be $18,900.

_____________
[OPTION 2] You will receive an annual base salary ("Base Salary")
of $165,000, less all applicable deductions.
You are eligible for an Employee
Bonus ("EB") and Employee Cash Bonus ("ECBP"), payable under the terms of the
Intel's EB and ECBP Plans.
For purposes of calculating your EB, your target EB
shall be $ 26,000.

               
As soon as practicable following the Closing Date, the Company
will recommend that you receive a grant of options for 16,200 shares of Intel
common stock, which shall vest in annual installments as set forth below on each
anniversary of the date of grant:

              2002         2003        2004        2005       2006
              3240         3240        3240        3240       3240

               
In addition, you are eligible to participate in the Company
employee benefit programs available to similarly situated employees, including,
but not limited to, the Intel employee stock purchase plan in accordance with
the terms of such plan.


Term of Employment

               Employment with the Company will be "at will."
Either you or the
Company may terminate your employment with or without cause or notice at any
time.


Your Position

               You will initially have the title of Manufacturing Manager, Grade
10, reporting to Sam Bass.
You will have whatever reasonable duties are assigned
to you consistent with your title and position.


Proprietary Information

               This offer is also contingent on you executing Intel's standard
form of Employee Agreement regarding proprietary information and inventions, a
copy of which is attached hereto and incorporated herein.


Change in Control Agreement

               You agree that your move to the position described in this
Agreement, and the responsibilities associated with such position, shall not
constitute "Good Reason" under your Change in Control Agreement.
You further
agree that the definition of "Cause" under your Change in Control Agreement
shall be determined in good faith by: the Xircom Board of Directors; the Chief
Executive Officer of Intel; or the Vice President in charge of Intel's Network
Communications Group (or its successor business unit).

               
Per your Change in Control Agreement, upon the Closing Date, your
existing options (summarized in the attached schedule) will be accelerated by 1
year.


Entire Agreement

               This Agreement, your Change in Control Agreement and Intel's
standard form of Employee Agreement will be the entire agreement between the
Company and you relating to your employment and the additional matters provided
for herein.
You agree that there were no promises or commitments made to you
regarding your employment with the Company except as set forth in this letter.

This Agreement supersedes and replaces any prior oral or written agreements
between you and Xircom relating to the subject matter hereof, including any
prior employment agreements, but excluding your Change in Control Agreement.

This Agreement does not supersede your stock option agreements, which will be
assumed by Intel under the Merger Agreement.
This Agreement may be amended or
altered only in a writing signed by you and an officer of Intel Corporation.


Governing Law

               This Agreement shall be construed and interpreted in accordance
with the laws of Malaysia.


Severability

               Each provision of this Agreement is severable from the others,
and if any provision hereof shall be to any extent unenforceable, it and the
other provisions shall continue to be enforceable to the full extent allowable,
as if such unenforceable provision had not been a part of this Agreement.

                  
[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

               By signing below, you agree to the terms and conditions of this
Employment Agreement.

                                            
INTEL CORPORATION

                                            By: /s/
ARVIND SODHANI
                                               ---------------------------------
                                            Name: Arvind Sodhani
                                            Title: Vice President and Treasurer

Date: January 15, 2001                      /s/
JEFFREY TANG
     ----------------------                 
------------------------------------
                                            Employee Signature

                    [SIGNATURE PAGE FOR EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT
                   BETWEEN INTEL CORPORATION AND JEFFERY TANG]

EX-99.(D)(10)

f68556ex99-d10.txt

(D)(10)

                                                                 EXHIBIT (d)(10)

                              EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

                                January 15, 2001

To: Boguslaw L. Piekarski

Dear Boguslaw:

               
This letter agreement ("Agreement"), if accepted, sets forth the
terms of your employment with Xircom, Inc. ("Xircom") and/or Intel Corporation
("Intel") or any of Intel's subsidiaries (collectively, the "Company").
This
offer is contingent on the occurrence of the closing of the Agreement and Plan
of Merger by and among Intel, Xircom and ESR Acquisition Corporation dated
January 15, 2001 (the "Merger Agreement"), and, if you accept this offer, it
will take effect as of the "Closing Date" for the Merger Agreement.

               
The terms of your employment under this Agreement are as follows:

Compensation and Benefits

(Initial your choice of Option 1 or Option 2)

____________
[OPTION 1] You will receive an annual base salary ("Base Salary")
of $205,056, less all applicable deductions.
You are eligible for an Employee
Bonus ("EB") and Employee Cash Bonus ("ECBP"), payable under the terms of the
Intel's EB and ECBP Plans.
For purposes of calculating your EB, your target EB
shall be $15,000.


/s/
BOP      
[OPTION 2] You will receive an annual base salary ("Base Salary")
of $ 185,000, less all applicable deductions.
You are eligible for an Employee
Bonus ("EB") and Employee Cash Bonus ("ECBP"), payable under the terms of the
Intel's EB and ECBP Plans.
For purposes of calculating your EB, your target EB
shall be $27,000.

               
As soon as practicable following the Closing Date, the Company
will recommend that you receive a grant of options for 33,480 shares of Intel
common stock, which shall vest in annual installments as set forth below on each
anniversary of the date of grant:

              2003         2004        2005        
2006
              8370         8370        8370        8370

               
In addition, you are eligible to participate in the Company
employee benefit programs available to similarly situated employees, including,
but not limited to, the Intel employee stock purchase plan in accordance with
the terms of such plan.


Term of Employment

               Employment with the Company will be "at will."
Either you or the
Company may terminate your employment with or without cause or notice at any
time.


Your Position

               You will initially have the title of Director, Wireless
Technology Operation, Grade 11, reporting to Dirk Gates.
You will have whatever
reasonable duties are assigned to you consistent with your title and position.


Proprietary Information

               This offer is also contingent on you executing Intel's standard
form of Employee Agreement regarding proprietary information and inventions, a
copy of which is attached hereto and incorporated herein.


Change in Control Agreement

               You agree that your move to the position described in this
Agreement, and the responsibilities associated with such position, shall not
constitute "Good Reason" under your Change in Control Agreement.
You further
agree that "Cause" under your Change in Control Agreement shall be determined in
good faith by: the Xircom Board of Directors; the Chief Executive Officer of
Intel; or the Vice President in charge of Intel's Network Communications Group
(or its successor business unit).

               
Per your Change in Control Agreement, upon the Closing Date, your
existing options (summarized in the attached schedule) will be accelerated by 1
year.


Employment Agreement Dated June 20, 2000

               The Company will honor the Special Payment Provisions of your
prior Employment Agreement dated June 20, 2000, except as provided in this
paragraph.
First, the Converted Stock Option will be assumed by Intel and become
an option to purchase Intel shares.
Second, you agree that your move to the
position described in this Agreement, and the responsibilities associated with
such position, will not constitute "Good Reason."
Third, you agree that "Cause"
will be determined in good faith by: the Xircom Board of Directors; the Chief
Executive Officer of Intel; or the Vice President in charge of Intel's Network
Communications Group (or its successor business unit).
Fourth, you agree that
the Trigger Events relating to the Xircom Corporate Operating Team and the
change in control at the OTI level will have no force and effect.


Entire Agreement

               This Agreement, your Change in Control Agreement and Intel's
standard form of Employee Agreement will be the entire agreement between the
Company and you relating to your employment and the additional matters provided
for herein.
You agree that there were no promises or commitments made to you
regarding your employment with the Company except as set forth in this letter.

This Agreement supersedes and replaces any prior oral or written agreements
between you and Xircom relating to the subject matter hereof, including any
prior employment agreements, but excluding your Change in Control Agreement and
the Special Payment Provisions of your prior employment agreement dated June 27,
2000, in the manner described above.
This Agreement does not supersede your
existing stock options agreements, which will be assumed by Intel Under the
Merger Agreement.
This Agreement may be amended or altered only in a writing
signed by you and an officer of Intel Corporation.


Governing Law

               This Agreement shall be construed and interpreted in accordance
with the laws of the State of Colorado (not including its conflict of law
provisions).


Severability

               Each provision of this Agreement is severable from the others,
and if any provision hereof shall be to any extent unenforceable, it and the
other provisions shall continue to be enforceable to the full extent allowable,
as if such unenforceable provision had not been a part of this Agreement.

                  
[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

               By signing below, you agree to the terms and conditions of this
Employment Agreement.

                                            
INTEL CORPORATION

                                            By: /s/
ARVIND SODHANI
                                               ---------------------------------
                                            Name: Arvind Sodhani
                                            Title: Vice President and Treasurer

Date: January 15, 2001                      /s/
BOGUSLAW PIEKARSKI
     ----------------------                 
------------------------------------
                                            Employee Signature

                    [SIGNATURE PAGE FOR EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT
                BETWEEN INTEL CORPORATION AND BOGUSLAW PIEKARSKI]

EX-99.(D)(11)

f68556ex99-d11.txt

(D)(11)

                                                                 EXHIBIT (d)(11)

                              EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

                                January 15, 2001

To: Mick Conley

Dear Mick:

               This letter agreement ("Agreement"), if accepted, sets forth the
terms of your employment with Xircom, Inc. ("Xircom") and/or Intel Corporation
("Intel") or any of Intel's subsidiaries (collectively, the "Company").
This
offer is contingent on the occurrence of the closing of the Agreement and Plan
of Merger by and among Intel, Xircom, and ESR Acquisition Corporation dated
January 15, 2001 (the "Merger Agreement"), and, if you accept this offer, it
will take effect as of the "Closing Date" for the Merger Agreement.

               
The terms of your employment under this Agreement are as follows:

Compensation and Benefits

               You will receive an annual base salary ("Base Salary") of
$154,000, less all applicable deductions.
You are eligible for an Employee Bonus
("EB") and Employee Cash Bonus ("ECBP"), payable under the terms of the Intel's
EB and ECBP Plans.
For purposes of calculating your EB, your target EB shall be
$ 21,000.

               
As soon as practicable following the Closing Date, the Company
will recommend that you receive a grant of options for 25,300 shares of Intel
common stock, which shall vest in annual installments as set forth below on each
anniversary of the date of grant:

              2002         2003        2004        2005       2006
              5060         5060        5060        5060       5060

               
In addition, you are eligible to participate in the Company
employee benefit programs available to similarly situated employees, including,
but not limited to, the Intel employee stock purchase plan in accordance with
the terms of such plan.


Term of Employment

               Employment with the Company will be "at will."
Either you or the
Company may terminate your employment with or without cause or notice at any
time.


Severance

               In the event that the Company involuntarily terminates your
employment before the first anniversary of the Closing Date, other than due to
your violation of Intel's Corporate Business Principles or due to your violation
of Intel's Human Resources Guidelines, the Company shall pay to you a lump sum
payment of $ 350,000, less applicable withholding.


Your Position

               You will initially have the title of Senior Product Development
Manager, Grade 10, reporting to Sam Bass.
You will have whatever reasonable
duties are assigned to you consistent with your title and position.


Proprietary Information

               This offer is also contingent on you executing Intel's standard
form of Employee Agreement regarding proprietary information and inventions, a
copy of which is attached hereto and incorporated herein.


Entire Agreement

               This Agreement and Intel's standard form of Employee Agreement
will be the entire agreement between the Company and you relating to your
employment and the additional matters provided for herein.
You agree that there
were no promises or commitments made to you regarding your employment with the
Company except as set forth in this letter.
This Agreement supersedes and
replaces any prior oral or written agreements between you and Xircom relating to
the subject matter hereof, including any prior employment agreements.
This
Agreement does not supersede your stock option agreements, which will be assumed
by Intel under the Merger Agreement.
This Agreement may be amended or altered
only in a writing signed by you and an officer of Intel Corporation.


Governing Law

               This Agreement shall be construed and interpreted in accordance
with the laws of the State of California (not including its conflict of law
provisions).


Severability

               Each provision of this Agreement is severable from the others,
and if any provision hereof shall be to any extent unenforceable, it and the
other provisions shall continue to be enforceable to the full extent allowable,
as if such unenforceable provision had not been a part of this Agreement.

                  
[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

               By signing below, you agree to the terms and conditions of this
Employment Agreement.

                                            
INTEL CORPORATION

                                            By: /s/
ARVIND SODHANI
                                               ---------------------------------
                                            Name: Arvind Sodhani
                                            Title: Vice President and Treasurer

Date: January 15, 2001                      /s/ MICK CONLEY
     ----------------------                 
------------------------------------
                                            Employee Signature

                    [SIGNATURE PAGE FOR EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT
                   BETWEEN INTEL CORPORATION AND MICK CONLEY]

EX-99.(D)(12)

f68556ex99-d12.txt

(D)(12)

                                                                 EXHIBIT (d)(12)

August 1, 1991                                                        CNDA#18694

                       CORPORATE NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT

This Agreement is entered into and made effective as of the date set forth above
by and between Intel Corporation (hereinafter "Intel"), and the participant
identified below (hereinafter "Participant").
Unless the Participant indicates
that this Agreement shall apply only to a specific division or location, this
Agreement shall apply to the Participant's entire company.


THE PARTIES AGREE AS FOLLOWS:

      CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION TRANSMITTAL FORM.
The confidential, proprietary
      and trade secret information of the disclosing party (hereinafter
      "Confidential Information") provided hereunder, is that information
      described in the Confidential Information Transmittal Record (CITR) form
      executed from time to time hereafter.
CITR's are subject to the terms of
      this Agreement and shall be executed by the parties prior to the
      disclosure of Confidential Information.
All information described in a
      CITR and marked with a "confidential," "proprietary," or similar legend
      shall be deemed Confidential Information.
All Confidential Information
      received from the disclosing party shall be in tangible form.
The CITR
      shall set forth the disclosing party, a description of the Confidential
      Information disclosed, the names of the representatives of the parties and
      the date when the disclosure covered by the CITR commenced.

      OBLIGATIONS OF RECEIVING PARTY.
The receiving party shall not disclose
      Confidential Information to any third party without the prior written
      approval of the disclosing party.
The receiving party shall maintain the
      Confidential Information with at least the same degree of care that the
      receiving party uses to protect its own similar categories of confidential
      and proprietary information, but no less than a reasonable degree of care
      under the circumstances.
The receiving party shall not make any copies of
      Confidential Information received from the disclosing party except as
      necessary for its employees with a need to know.
Any copies which are made
      shall be identified as belonging to the disclosing party and marked
      "confidential," "proprietary," or with a similar legend.

      
PERIOD OF CONFIDENTIALITY.
Unless a shorter period is stated in the
      applicable CITR, the disclosing party will not assert any claims against
      the receiving party for disclosures of Confidential Information made more
      than five (5) years from the date of the CITR.

      TERMINATION OF OBLIGATION OF CONFIDENTIALITY.
The receiving party shall
      not be liable for the disclosure of any Confidential Information which is:

      (a)   in the public domain other than by a breach of this Agreement on the
            part of the receiving party; or

      (b)   rightfully received from a third party without any obligation of
            confidentiality; or

      (c)   rightfully known to the receiving party without any limitation on
            use or disclosure prior to its receipt from the disclosing party; or

      (d)   independently developed by employees of the receiving party; or

      (e)   generally made available to third parties by the disclosing party
            without restriction on disclosure.

      
TITLE.
Title or the right to possess Confidential Information as between
      the parties shall remain in the disclosing party.

      
NO OBLIGATION OF DISCLOSURE.
Neither party has any obligation to disclose
      Confidential Information to the other.
Either party may, at any time,
      cease giving Confidential Information to the other party without any
      liability or request in writing the return of Confidential Information
      previously disclosed.

      
TERMINATION AND DUTY TO RETURN.
Either party may terminate this Agreement
      at any time without cause upon notice to the other party.
However, all
      obligations of confidentiality shall survive the termination of this
      Agreement.
In the event this Agreement is terminated, and the disclosing
      party so requests, the receiving party shall promptly return or destroy
      (and certify destruction of) all Confidential Information which it
      received from the disclosing party along with all copies which it made.

      GENERAL.

      
(a)   This Agreement is neither intended to nor shall it be construed as
            creating a joint venture, partnership or other form of business
            association between the parties, nor an obligation to buy or sell
            products using or incorporating the Confidential Information, nor as
            creating an implied or express license grant from either party to
            the other.

      (b)   The failure of either party to enforce any right resulting from
            breach of any provision of this Agreement by the other party shall
            not be deemed a waiver of any right relating to a subsequent breach
            of such provision or of any other right hereunder.

      
(c)   This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of
            California.

      (d)   
This Agreement, any accompanying CITR and CITRs executed from time
            to time hereafter which incorporate the terms of this Agreement
            constitute the entire agreement, written or verbal, between the
            parties with respect to the disclosure(s) of Confidential
            Information described in each CITR.
This Agreement may not be
            amended except in writing signed by a duly authorized representative
            of the respective parties.
Any other agreements between the parties,
            including non-disclosure agreements, shall not be affected by this
            Agreement.


AGREED:                                PARTICIPANT: XIRCOM
                                                    -------------------------------------------
INTEL CORPORATION                                   (Company Name, Division/Sub, if applicable)
3065 Bowers Avenue
Santa Clara, CA 95052                  26025 Mureau Road
                                       --------------------------------------------------------
                                                              (Address)

                                       
Calabasas                    CA                    91302
                                       --------------------------------------------------------
                                       (City)                     (State)                 (Zip)

/s/
CARL EVERETT                       /s/
JEROME P. CHERWINSKI
- --------------------------------       --------------------------------------------------------
Signature                              Signature

CARL EVERETT                           JEROME P. CHERWINSKI
- --------------------------------       --------------------------------------------------------
Printed Name                           Printed Name

VICE PRESIDENT-DIRECTOR OF SALES       V.P. ENG.                             
230-0000-30 (7/90)
- --------------------------------       --------------------------------------------------------
Title                                  Title

SEND TO: CORPORATE CONTRACT
MANAGEMENT, FM 1-03

EX-99.(D)(13)

f68556ex99-d13.txt

(D)(13)

                                                                 EXHIBIT (d)(13)

              CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION TRANSMITTAL RECORD ("CITR")

CITR DATE:                
10/30/            ,      00      CNDA #                18694
           ---------------------------------  
----------          ---------------------------------------
           (Date Disclosure(s) will commence)    (Year)             (Fill in Number from Executed CNDA)

Participant's Name:  Xircom, Inc.
                    ------------------------------------------------------------
                                      (Use Same Name as on CNDA)

Location of Disclosure:  2300 Corporate Center Drive, Thousand Oaks CA  91320
                        --------------------------------------------------------
                         Street Address                City       State Zip Code

Intel and Participant agree that the Confidential Information described below
shall be kept confidential by the receiving party.
This CITR incorporates all
the terms and conditions of the Corporate Non-Disclosure Agreement ("CNDA")
executed by the parties.


1.   
Describe Confidential Information disclosed by each party.
(Be specific.
     
Include subject or product, any document title, drawing/document number,
     date, rev., etc.)
Identify visuals, foils, and verbal disclosures.
(Use
     additional sheets if necessary).

     
Intel Confidential Information: Nature of the discussions of potential
     investment or acquisition discussions.

     
Participant's Confidential Information: Financial information, business
     plans, product plans, intellectual property, operational data associated
     with a potential transaction between the parties.


2.   
This CITR covers the above described Confidential Information to be
     conveyed commencing on the CITR Date stated above provided it is marked as
     required under the CNDA.


3.   
Unless a shorter period is indicated below, the disclosing party will not
     assert any claims of breach or misappropriation of trade secrets against
     the receiving party arising from the receiving party's disclosure of the
     disclosing party's Confidential Information under this CITR for more than
     five (5) years from the date when such information was disclosed.
However,
     unless at least one of the exceptions set forth in Section 4 of the CNDA
     has occurred, the receiving party will continue to treat such Confidential
     Information as the confidential information of the disclosing party and
     only disclose any such Confidential Information to third parties under the
     terms of a non-disclosure agreement.
Either party may at any time request
     in writing the immediate return of all or part of its Confidential
     Information disclosed hereunder, and all copies thereof, and the receiving
     party shall promptly comply with such request.

     
If initialed and filled in below, the period after which the disclosing
     party agrees not to assert claims against the receiving party with respect
     to the Confidential Information disclosed under this CITR will be _____
     months (not less than twenty-four (24) months nor more than sixty (60)
     months.
(_____/_____)

4.   
Confidential Information may be controlled by U.S. Export Regulations, and
     export, re-export or foreign disclosure (including to subsidiary employees)
     may require U.S. Government approval.
The receiving party shall not use,
     export, transfer, make available or otherwise disclose any Confidential
     Information in violation of U.S. Export Regulations, including any use or
     development in nuclear, missile, chemical and/or biological weapons
     activities.


5.   
All other terms and conditions of the executed CNDA shall remain in full
     force and effect.
Nothing contained herein shall be construed as amending
     or modifying the terms of the CNDA referenced above.


6.   
Both parties understand and acknowledge that no license under any patent,
     copyright, trade secret or other intellectual property right is granted to
     or conferred upon either party in this Agreement or by the disclosure of
     any Confidential Information by one party to the other party as
     contemplated hereunder, either expressly, by implication, inducement,
     estoppel or otherwise, and that any license under such intellectual
     property rights must be express and in writing.

                                        
PARTICIPANT:
Xircom, Inc.
                                                     ------------------------------------------
                                                     (Company Name, Division/Sub if applicable)

INTEL CORPORATION                                    2300 Corporate Center Drive
2200 Mission College Blvd.                           
------------------------------------------
Santa Clara, CA 95052-8119                           Street Address

                                                     Thousand Oaks, CA 91320
                                                     ------------------------------------------
                                                     City, State, Zip

Represented By:                                      Represented By:

/s/
Kostas Katsohirakis                              /s/
Randall H. Holliday
- --------------------------------------               ------------------------------------------
Signature                                            Signature

Kostas Katsohirakis        RV1-102                   Randall H. Holliday
- --------------------------------------               ------------------------------------------
Printed Name              Mailstop                   Printed Name

Assistant Treasurer, M&A  801-445-0201               Secretary and General Counsel
- --------------------------------------               ------------------------------------------
Title                     Phone                      Title

              10/30/00                                               10/30/00
- --------------------------------------               ------------------------------------------
Date                                                 Date

    PLEASE SEND ONE COPY OF THE CITR TO: INTEL CORPORATION, ATTN:
Post Contract Mgmt, FM6-03
                         1900 Prairie City Road, Folsom, CA 95630-9598

                                                             230-0000-33 (06/98)

EX-99.(D)(14)

f68556ex99-d14.txt

(D)(14)

                                                                 EXHIBIT (d)(14)

              CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION TRANSMITTAL RECORD ("CITR")

CITR DATE:         December 19, 2000        ,              CNDA #                18694
           ---------------------------------  ----------          
---------------------------------------
           (Date Disclosure(s) will commence)    (Year)             (Fill in Number from Executed CNDA)

Participant's Name:  Xircom, Inc.
                    ------------------------------------------------------------
                                      (Use Same Name as on CNDA)

Location of Disclosure:  2300 Corporate Center Drive, Thousand Oaks CA  91320
                        --------------------------------------------------------
                         Street Address                City       State Zip Code

Intel and Participant agree that the Confidential Information described below
shall be kept confidential by the receiving party.
This CITR incorporates all
the terms and conditions of the Corporate Non-Disclosure Agreement ("CNDA")
executed by the parties.


1.   
Describe Confidential Information disclosed by each party.
(Be specific.
     
Include subject or product, any document title, drawing/document number,
     date, rev., etc.)
Identify visuals, foils, and verbal disclosures.
(Use
     additional sheets if necessary).

     
Intel Confidential Information: N/A

     Participant's Confidential Information: Due diligence materials contained
     in Binders A-K and Z, and oral disclosures made by Xircom employees and/or
     Xircom's representatives to Intel employees and and/or Intel's
     representatives, constituting various company records, including without
     limitation, financial information, contracts, employee records,
     correspondence and other documents relating to Intel's investigation of a
     possible transaction with Xircom.


2.   
This CITR covers the above described Confidential Information to be
     conveyed commencing on the CITR Date stated above provided it is marked as
     required under the CNDA.


3.   
Unless a shorter period is indicated below, the disclosing party will not
     assert any claims of breach or misappropriation of trade secrets against
     the receiving party arising from the receiving party's disclosure of the
     disclosing party's Confidential Information under this CITR for more than
     five (5) years from the date when such information was disclosed.
However,
     unless at least one of the exceptions set forth in Section 4 of the CNDA
     has occurred, the receiving party will continue to treat such Confidential
     Information as the confidential information of the disclosing party and
     only disclose any such Confidential Information to third parties under the
     terms of a non-disclosure agreement.
Either party may at any time request
     in writing the immediate return of all or part of its Confidential
     Information disclosed hereunder, and all copies thereof, and the receiving
     party shall promptly comply with such request.

     
If initialed and filled in below, the period after which the disclosing
     party agrees not to assert claims against the receiving party with respect
     to the Confidential Information disclosed under this CITR will be _____
     months (not less than twenty-four (24) months nor more than sixty (60)
     months).
(_____/_____)

4.   
Confidential Information may be controlled by U.S. Export Regulations, and
     export, re-export or foreign disclosure (including to subsidiary employees)
     may require U.S. Government approval.
The receiving party shall not use,
     export, transfer, make available or otherwise disclose any Confidential
     Information in violation of U.S. Export Regulations, including any use or
     development in nuclear, missile, chemical and/or biological weapons
     activities.


5.   
All other terms and conditions of the executed CNDA shall remain in full
     force and effect.
Nothing contained herein shall be construed as amending
     or modifying the terms of the CNDA referenced above.


6.   
Both parties understand and acknowledge that no license under any patent,
     copyright, trade secret or other intellectual property right is granted to
     or conferred upon either party in this Agreement or by the disclosure of
     any Confidential Information by one party to the other party as
     contemplated hereunder, either expressly, by implication, inducement,
     estoppel or otherwise, and that any license under such intellectual
     property rights must be express and in writing.

                                        
PARTICIPANT:
Xircom, Inc.
                                                     ------------------------------------------
                                                     (Company Name, Division/Sub if applicable)

INTEL CORPORATION                                    2300 Corporate Center Dr.
2200 Mission College Blvd.                           
------------------------------------------
Santa Clara, CA 95052-8119                           Street Address

                                                     Thousand Oaks, CA 91320
                                                     ------------------------------------------
                                                     City, State, Zip

Represented By:                                      Represented By:

/s/
Wendy Yemington                                  /s/
Kevin M. Fillo
- --------------------------------------               ------------------------------------------
Signature                                            Signature

Wendy Yemington            SC4-203                   Kevin M. Fillo
- --------------------------------------               ------------------------------------------
Printed Name              Mailstop                   Printed Name

Corporate Paralegal     (408) 765-1149               Assistant Secretary
- --------------------------------------               ------------------------------------------
Title                     Phone                      Title

   January 17, 2001                                  1-17-01
- --------------------------------------               ------------------------------------------
Date                                                 Date

    PLEASE SEND ONE COPY OF THE CITR TO: INTEL CORPORATION, ATTN:
Post Contract Mgmt, FM6-03
                         1900 Prairie City Road, Folsom, CA 95630-9598

EX-99.(D)(15)

f68556ex99-d15.txt

(D)(15)

                                                                 Exhibit (d)(15)

                                  XIRCOM, INC.
                           2300 CORPORATE CENTER DRIVE
                         THOUSAND OAKS, CALIFORNIA 91320
                                 (805) 376-9300

                                January 26, 2001

Intel Corporation
ESR Acquisition Corporation
2200 Mission College Boulevard
Santa Clara, California 95052

Ladies and Gentlemen:

     Section 1.1(b) of the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated January 15, 2001,
among Xircom, Inc., Intel Corporation and ESR Acquisition Corporation (the
"Merger Agreement") provides that, among other things, the Offer shall expire,
unless extended as provided therein, on the date that is twenty (20) business
days after the date the Offer is commenced.
In order to provide adequate time
for regulatory authorities to review the transactions contemplated by the Merger
Agreement, we hereby agree that, notwithstanding the requirement set forth in
Section 1.1(b) described above, the initial Offer shall expire at 5:00 pm, New
York City time, on Friday, March 2, 2001.

     
Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings
assigned to them in the Merger Agreement.

     
Please countersign this letter in the space provided below if you agree
with the foregoing.

                                     
Very truly yours,

                                     /s/
Steven F. DeGennaro

                                     Steven F. DeGennaro
                                     Chief Financial Officer

Acknowledged and agreed this 26th day of January, 2001.


Intel Corporation

By: /s/
Arvind Sodhani
   --------------------------------------------------
         Arvind Sodhani
         Vice President and Treasurer

ESR Acquisition Corporation

By: /s/
Suzan A. Miller
   --------------------------------------------------
         Suzan A. Miller
         President

-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----