URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1074767/000112528201000713/0001125282-01-000713.txt

 AVE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10018
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2126040963

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		500-512 SEVENTH AVE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10018

S-4

0001.txt

FORM S-4

   As Filed With the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 23, 2001
                                                     REGISTRATION NO. 333-_____

                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549

                                    FORM S-4
                             REGISTRATION STATEMENT
                        UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933

                                 iVILLAGE INC.
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

              DELAWARE                                7375                           13-3845162

  (State or other jurisdiction of         (Primary Standard Industrial            (I.R.S. Employer
   incorporation or organization)          Classification Code Number)          Identification No.)

                                        500-512 SEVENTH AVENUE
                                       NEW YORK, NEW YORK 10018
                                            (212) 600-6000
                          (Address, including zip code, and telephone number,
                   including area code, of registrant's principal executive offices)

                                         DOUGLAS W. McCORMICK
                                        CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
                                             iVILLAGE INC.
                                        500-512 SEVENTH AVENUE
                                       NEW YORK, NEW YORK 10018
                                            (212) 600-6000

 (Name, address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of agent for service)

                  Please send copies of all communications to:

            Iain Mickle                          Steven A. Hobbs                  Mark R. Tanoury
             John Cook                             Anthony Feo                    Nancy H. Wojtas
          Dennis Michaels                        Clifford Chance                 Cooley Godward LLP
 Orrick, Herrington & Sutcliffe LLP            Rogers & Wells LLP                5 Palo Alto Square
          400 Capitol Mall                       200 Park Avenue                3000 El Camino Real
    Sacramento, California 95814            New York, New York 10166           Palo Alto, California
           (916) 447-9200                        (212) 878-8000                        94306
                                                                                   (650) 843-5000

   Approximate Date of Commencement of Proposed Sale of the Securities to the
    Public: As soon as practicable after this Registration Statement becomes
effective.

      If the securities being registered on this form are being offered in
   connection with the formation of a holding company and there is compliance
with General Instruction G, check the following box.

     If this form is filed to register additional securities for an offering
 pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, check the following box and
 list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective
registration statement for the same offering.

    If this form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d)
 under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act
 registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement
for the same offering.

                        CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE

  Title Of Each Class Of Securities To Be          Amount To Be              Proposed Maximum             Amount Of Registration
                 Registered                         Registered           Aggregate Offering Price                  Fee
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Common stock, par value $0.01 per share ....             54,535,434(1)                 $21,888,870(2)                  $5,472.00
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Rights(3) ..................................             54,535,434                 Not applicable                          None(4)
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Common stock, par value $0.01 per share,
 issuable upon exercise of the Rights ......              9,324,000(5)                 $20,000,000(6)                  $5,000.00
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Warrants issuable upon exercise of the
 Rights ....................................              2,100,000(7)                          --(6)                       None
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Common stock, par value $0.01 per share,
 issuable upon exercise of the Warrants ....              2,100,000(8)                  $21,000.00(9)                      $6.00
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Totals .....................................            122,594,868                    $41,909,870                    $10,478.00

(1) Based upon the maximum number of shares of common stock, par value $0.01
    per share, of iVillage Inc. that may be issued pursuant to the merger
    (other than shares issued pursuant to the rights offering described in note
    3 below) giving effect to the exercise of all currently outstanding options
    to purchase the common stock, $0.001 par value per share of Women.com
    Networks, Inc. and rights to purchase Women.com Networks, Inc. common stock
    under its Employee Stock Purchase Plan.

(2) Pursuant to Rules 457(c) and 457(f)(1) of the Securities Act of 1933, as
    amended, and solely for purposes of calculating the registration fee, the
    proposed maximum offering price is equal to (a) (i) 54,535,434, the maximum
    number of shares of Women.com Networks, Inc. common stock to be exchanged
    in the merger multiplied by (ii) $0.41, the average of the high and low
    sale prices per share of Women.com Networks, Inc. common stock on the
    Nasdaq National Market on February 15, 2001, less (b) $266,150, the
    aggregate cash payment payable to stockholders of Women.com Networks, Inc.
    pursuant to the merger.

(3) In connection with the merger, and for no additional consideration, each
    stockholder of Women.com Networks, Inc. will receive a right to purchase
    its pro rata portion of 9,324,000 shares of iVillage Inc. common stock, par
    value $0.01 per share, and warrants to purchase up to 2,100,000 shares of
    iVillage Inc. common stock, par value $0.01 per share, for an aggregate
    purchase price of $20,000,000.

(4) The rights are registered in the same registration statement as the
    securities being offered pursuant to the rights. Therefore, pursuant to
    Rule 457(g), no registration fee is payable with respect to the rights.

(5) Represents the maximum number of shares of iVillage Inc. common stock,
    $0.01 par value per share, to be issued upon exercise of the rights
    referenced in note (3) above.

(6) The common stock and warrants issuable upon exercise of the rights
    referenced in note 3 above are offered as a unit for an aggregate purchase
    price of $20,000,000.

(7) Represents the maximum number of warrants to be issued upon exercise of the
    rights referenced in note (3) above.

(8) Represents the maximum number of shares of common stock, par value $0.01
    per share, issuable upon exercise of the warrants referenced in note (7)
    above.

(9) The exercise price of the warrants is $0.01 per share.

   THE REGISTRANT HEREBY AMENDS THIS REGISTRATION STATEMENT ON SUCH DATE OR
DATES AS MAY BE NECESSARY TO DELAY ITS EFFECTIVE DATE UNTIL THE REGISTRANT
SHALL FILE A FURTHER AMENDMENT WHICH SPECIFICALLY STATES THAT THIS
REGISTRATION STATEMENT SHALL THEREAFTER BECOME EFFECTIVE IN ACCORDANCE WITH
SECTION 8(a) OF THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR UNTIL THE
REGISTRATION STATEMENT SHALL BECOME EFFECTIVE ON SUCH DATE AS THE COMMISSION,
ACTING PURSUANT TO SAID SECTION 8(a), MAY DETERMINE.
===============================================================================

                      JOINT PROXY STATEMENT AND PROSPECTUS

                 Subject to completion, dated February 23, 2001

[graphic]                                                              [graphic]

                  MERGER PROPOSED-YOUR VOTE IS VERY IMPORTANT

   iVillage Inc. and Women.com Networks, Inc. have agreed on a merger
transaction involving our two companies. We believe that the merger will
create the largest and most comprehensive destination for women. Before we can
complete the merger, we must obtain the approval of both of our companies'
stockholders. We are sending you this joint proxy statement/prospectus to ask
you to vote on a proposal to approve and adopt the merger agreement and the
transactions contemplated thereby and related matters.

   In the merger, stockholders of Women.com will be entitled to receive 0.322
of a share of iVillage common stock plus a nominal cash amount (subject to
adjustment as described below) in return for each share of Women.com common
stock they own. Outstanding shares of iVillage common stock will remain
unchanged in the merger. The exchange ratio of 0.322 of a share of iVillage
common stock and the cash payment for each share of Women.com common stock are
subject to downward adjustment in the event that Women.com does not have
specified amounts of working capital and cash as of March 31, 2001 and
immediately before the closing of the merger, if after such date.

   Pursuant to the merger, Women.com stockholders as of the record date will
also receive the right to purchase iVillage common stock and warrants in
connection with the rights offering described in this joint proxy statement/
prospectus. If the merger is completed, Hearst Communications, Inc., the
holder of approximately 46% of the outstanding shares of Women.com common
stock, has agreed to purchase up to 9,324,000 shares of iVillage common stock
and a warrant to purchase up to 2,100,000 shares of iVillage common stock for
an aggregate purchase price of up to $20.0 million, as reduced by the amount
of common stock and warrants purchased by other Women.com stockholders in the
rights offering. When the merger, the rights offering and the Hearst
Communications investment are completed, iVillage stockholders will own
approximately 55% of iVillage's outstanding common stock and former Women.com
stockholders, including Hearst Communications, will own approximately 45% of
iVillage's outstanding common stock.

   As a result of the merger, Women.com will become a wholly owned subsidiary
of iVillage. The shares of iVillage common stock issued to stockholders of
Women.com as a result of the merger will be listed on the Nasdaq National
Market under the trading symbol "IVIL."

   Women.com will hold a special meeting of its stockholders to consider and
vote on the merger proposal. iVillage will hold a special meeting of its
stockholders to consider and vote on two proposals. The first proposal is to
approve and adopt the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by
the merger agreement, including the merger, the issuance of shares of iVillage
common stock to be received by stockholders of Women.com pursuant to the
merger agreement, the issuance of shares of iVillage common stock and warrants
to purchase iVillage common stock to Hearst Communications pursuant to a
securities purchase agreement and the issuance of shares of iVillage common
stock and warrants to purchase iVillage common stock pursuant to the rights
offering to Women.com stockholders. The second proposal is to increase the
authorized number of shares of iVillage common stock from 65,000,000 to
200,000,000. Completion of the merger requires Women.com and iVillage
stockholder approval.

   Your vote is very important. Whether or not you plan to attend your
stockholder meeting, please take the time to vote by completing the enclosed
proxy card and mailing it to us or follow the telephone or Internet voting
instructions at the bottom of your proxy card. Returning the proxy or voting
by telephone or Internet does not deprive you of your right to attend your
stockholder meeting and to vote your shares in person. The dates, times and
places of the stockholders' meetings are as follows:

For iVillage Stockholders:                           For Women.com Stockholders:
 Thursday, March 29, 2001                             Thursday, March 29, 2001
    a.m., local time                                      a.m., local time
          []                                                    []

   This joint proxy statement/prospectus gives you detailed information about
the merger we are proposing, and it includes our merger agreement as Annex A-1
and an amendment to the merger agreement as Annex A-2. You can get more
information about our companies from publicly available documents we have
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We encourage you to read
carefully this entire document, including all its annexes, and we especially
encourage you to read the "Risk Factors" section beginning on page 16.

   We enthusiastically support this combination of our companies, and join with
the other members of our boards of directors in recommending that you vote for
the merger and all of the related proposals.

/s/ Douglas W. McCormick                                 /s/ Marleen McDaniel
- ----------------------------------------------           ----------------------------------------------
Douglas W. McCormick                                     Marleen McDaniel
Chief Executive Officer                                  Chief Executive Officer
iVillage Inc.                                            Women.com Networks, Inc.

   Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities
commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or passed upon the
adequacy or accuracy of this joint proxy statement/prospectus. Any
representation to the contrary is a criminal offense.

   This joint proxy statement/prospectus is dated February __, 2001, and is
being first mailed to stockholders on or about February __, 2001.

The information in this joint proxy statement/prospectus is not complete and
may be changed. We may not sell the securities described in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus until the registration statement filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission is effective. This joint proxy statement/
prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities and it is not soliciting
an offer to buy these securities in any state where the offer or sale is not
permitted.

          Prospectus, subject to completion, dated February 23, 2001.

                                    [graphic]

                                 iVillage Inc.

           Rights Offering of up to 9,324,000 shares of Common Stock
        and Warrants to purchase up to 2,100,000 shares of Common Stock

   In connection with, and subject to the closing of, the proposed merger
between Women.com Networks, Inc. and a wholly-owned subsidiary of iVillage,
iVillage is offering to the stockholders of Women.com rights to purchase up to
an aggregate of 9,324,000 shares of iVillage's common stock and warrants to
purchase up to an aggregate of 2,100,000 shares of iVillage's common stock at
a cash subscription price of $_______ per right. The rights are not
transferable and will not be listed for trading on any stock exchange.

   If you owned Women.com common stock on February 27, 2001, the record date
for the rights offering, you will receive, at no cost, one right for each
share of Women.com's common stock that you owned on the record date. Each
right will entitle the holder to purchase ________ of a share of iVillage's
common stock and a warrant to purchase __________ of a share of iVillage's
common stock for a cash subscription price of $________ per right. iVillage is
not issuing fractional rights and iVillage will not pay cash in lieu of
fractional rights. If the merger is completed, Hearst Communications, Inc.,
the holder of approximately 46% of the outstanding shares of Women.com common
stock, has agreed to purchase up to 9,324,000 shares of iVillage common stock
and a warrant to purchase up to 2,100,000 shares of iVillage common stock for
an aggregate purchase price of up to $20.0 million, except that the number of
shares of common stock and warrants, and the purchase price payable by Hearst
Communications, will be reduced by the number of shares of common stock and
warrants, if any, purchased by other Women.com stockholders in the rights
offering.

   The warrants will have an exercise price of $0.01 per share and will be
exercisable at any time after the date of issuance until December 31, 2004 but
only if the average closing price of iVillage's common stock has exceeded
$3.75 per share on any fifteen consecutive trading days. The holder of a
warrant will have 30 days after notification in writing from iVillage of the
satisfaction of this condition in which to exercise the warrant. iVillage's
common stock is traded on the Nasdaq National Market under the symbol "IVIL."
On February __, 2001, the closing price for iVillage's common stock was $___
per share.

   The rights are exercisable beginning on the date of this prospectus. The
rights will expire if they are not properly exercised by 5:00 p.m., New York
City time, on March 29, 2001, the date of the Women.com and iVillage special
stockholder meetings. If you wish to participate in the rights offering,
iVillage recommends that you follow the instructions set forth in this joint
proxy statement/prospectus under the caption "The Rights Offering" and that
you submit all subscription documents and payments to the subscription agent
at least 10 days before the deadline. All subscriptions will be held in escrow
by iVillage's subscription agent, Continental Stock Transfer and Trust
Company, until accepted by iVillage. iVillage, in its sole discretion, may
extend the period for exercising the rights. Rights not exercised by the
expiration date of the rights will expire and will have no value. You should
carefully consider whether or not to exercise your rights before the
expiration date of the rights.

   The rights offering is conditioned on the closing of the merger. If the
merger does not close for any reason, the rights offering will be canceled and
all subscription payments will be returned, without interest. Neither the
iVillage board of directors nor the Women.com board of directors makes any
recommendation to you about whether you should exercise any rights.

   Investing in iVillage's common stock and the warrants involves a high degree
of risk. Before exercising any rights, you should read carefully the
information set forth under "Risk Factors" beginning on page 16.

                                                              Estimated
                                                               Expenses
                             Subscription    Discounts and     Payable      Net Proceeds
                                 Price        Commissions    by iVillage    to iVillage
                             ------------    -------------   -----------    ------------

Per Exercised Right ......    $ _________        None         $_________    $ _________
Total ....................    $20,000,000        None         $  100,000    $19,900,000

   Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities
commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or determined if
this prospectus is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is
a criminal offense.

The information in this prospectus is not complete and may be changed.
iVillage may not sell these securities until the registration statement filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission is effective. This prospectus is
not an offer to sell these securities and it is not soliciting an offer to buy
these securities in any state where the offer or sale is not permitted.

                                    [graphic]

                                  iVILLAGE INC.
                             500-512 Seventh Avenue
                            New York, New York 10018

                    NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS
                            To Be Held March 29, 2001

To the Stockholders of iVillage Inc.:

   The special meeting of stockholders of iVillage Inc. will be held on March
29, 2001, at _____ a.m., local time, at [_________________________], New York,
New York, for the following purposes:

   o To consider and vote on a proposal to approve and adopt the merger
     agreement among iVillage Inc., Stanhope Acquisition Sub, LLC, which is a
     newly formed, wholly owned subsidiary of iVillage, and Women.com
     Networks, Inc., and the transactions contemplated by the merger
     agreement, including the merger, the issuance of shares of iVillage
     common stock to be received by stockholders of Women.com pursuant to the
     merger agreement, the issuance of shares of iVillage common stock and
     warrants to acquire iVillage common stock to Hearst Communications,
     pursuant to the securities purchase agreement between iVillage and Hearst
     Communications, and the rights offering to Women.com stockholders.

   o To consider and vote upon a proposal to amend iVillage's amended and
     restated certificate of incorporation to increase the number of
     authorized shares of iVillage common stock from 65,000,000 to
     200,000,000.

   Holders of record of shares of iVillage common stock at the close of
business on February 27, 2001 will be entitled to vote at the special meeting
or any adjournment or postponement of the special meeting.

   The iVillage board of directors has determined that the terms of the merger
agreement and the transactions contemplated by it are fair to and in the best
interests of iVillage and its stockholders. The iVillage board of directors
recommends that stockholders vote at the special meeting to approve and adopt
the merger agreement, including the merger, the issuance of shares of iVillage
common stock to Women.com stockholders pursuant to the merger agreement, the
issuance of shares of iVillage common stock and warrants to acquire iVillage
common stock to Hearst Communications pursuant to the securities purchase
agreement, the rights offering and the amendment to the iVillage amended and
restated certificate of incorporation.

   Please take the time to vote by completing and mailing the enclosed proxy
card or following the telephone or Internet voting instructions at the bottom
of your proxy card. A postage-prepaid envelope has been provided for your
convenience if you wish to vote by mail. If your shares are held in "street
name" at a brokerage firm, you must instruct your broker how to vote your
shares. Returning your proxy or voting by telephone or Internet does not
deprive you of your right to attend the special meeting and to vote your
shares in person.

   It is important that you sign, date and return the proxy card in the
enclosed envelope or vote by telephone or Internet so that your shares of
iVillage common stock will be represented, whether or not you plan to attend
the special meeting. If you do not return your card or vote by telephone or
Internet, or if you do not instruct your broker how to vote any shares of
iVillage common stock held for you in "street name," your shares of iVillage
common stock will not be voted at the special meeting, and this will have the
same effect as voting against the foregoing proposals.

   Regardless of the number of shares of iVillage common stock you hold, your
vote is very important.

                                   By Order of the board of directors

                                   /s/ STEVEN A. ELKES
                                   Steven A. Elkes,
                                   Secretary

New York, New York
February __, 2001

                                    [graphic]

                            WOMEN.COM NETWORKS, INC.
                               1820 Gateway Drive
                        San Mateo, California 94404-2471

                   NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS
                           To Be Held March 29, 2001

To the Stockholders of Women.com Networks, Inc.:

   A special meeting of stockholders of Women.com Networks, Inc. will be held
on March 29, 2001, at ____ a.m., local time, at [__________], for the
following purpose:

   o To consider and vote on a proposal to approve and adopt the merger
     agreement among iVillage Inc., Stanhope Acquisition Sub, LLC, which is a
     newly formed, wholly owned subsidiary of iVillage, and Women.com
     Networks, Inc., and the transactions contemplated by the merger
     agreement, including the merger.

   Holders of record of shares of Women.com common stock at the close of
business on February 27, 2001 will be entitled to vote at the special meeting
or any adjournment or postponement of the special meeting.

   The Women.com board of directors has determined that the merger agreement
and the transactions contemplated by it are fair to and in the best interests
of Women.com and its stockholders and has declared the advisability of the
merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by it. Accordingly, the
Women.com board of directors recommends that stockholders vote to approve and
adopt the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the merger
agreement, including the merger, at the special meeting.

   Women.com stockholders will have the right to dissent from the merger and
obtain payment in cash of the fair value of their shares of common stock under
applicable provisions of Delaware law. In order to perfect dissenters' rights,
Women.com stockholders must give written demand for appraisal of their shares
before the taking of the vote on the merger at the special meeting and must
not vote in favor of the merger. A copy of the applicable Delaware statutory
provisions is included as Annex D to the attached joint proxy statement/
prospectus and a summary of these provisions can be found under "The Merger-
Rights of Dissenting Women.com Stockholders" in the attached joint proxy
statement/prospectus.

   Please take the time to vote by completing and mailing the enclosed proxy
card or following the telephone or Internet voting instructions at the bottom
of your proxy card. A postage-prepaid envelope has been provided for your
convenience if you wish to vote by mail. If your shares are held in "street
name" at a brokerage firm, you must instruct your broker how to vote your
shares. Returning your proxy or voting by telephone or Internet does not
deprive you of your right to attend the special meeting and to vote your
shares in person.

   It is important that you sign, date and return the proxy card in the
enclosed envelope or vote by telephone or Internet so that your shares of
Women.com common stock will be represented, whether or not you plan to attend
the special meeting. If you do not return your card or vote by telephone or
Internet, or if you do not instruct your broker how to vote any shares of
Women.com common stock held for you in "street name," your shares of Women.com
common stock will not be voted at the special meeting, and this will have the
same effect as voting against the merger.

   Regardless of the number of shares of Women.com common stock you hold, your
vote is very important.

                                                      By Order of the board of
                                                      directors

                                                      /s/ MARLEEN MCDANIEL
                                                      -------------------------
                                                      Marleen McDaniel, Chief
                                                      Executive Officer
San Mateo, California
February __, 2001

       Please do not send any Women.com stock certificates at this time.

                               Section 262 of the Delaware General Corporation Law relating to
           Dissenters' Rights

                                      iii

                     QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE MERGER

Q:      What will happen in the merger?

A:      The boards of directors of iVillage and Women.com have approved a
        transaction whereby iVillage will acquire Women.com. To accomplish this
        transaction, a subsidiary of iVillage will merge into Women.com,
        resulting in Women.com becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of iVillage.
        iVillage common stock is listed on the Nasdaq National Market under the
        trading symbol "IVIL."

Q:      What will I receive in the merger?

A:      If the merger is completed, Women.com stockholders will receive 0.322
        of a share of iVillage common stock (subject to downward adjustment as
        described below) for each share of Women.com common stock they own. In
        addition, Women.com stockholders will receive a cash payment per share
        equal to one percent of the product of the average high and low prices
        of a share of iVillage common stock on the Nasdaq National Market on
        the closing date of the merger multiplied by 0.322 (subject to downward
        adjustment as described below). iVillage will not issue fractional
        shares of common stock. Instead of fractional shares, you will receive
        cash based on the closing price of iVillage common stock on the closing
        date.

        To illustrate the foregoing, if you own 100 shares of Women.com common
        stock and the average high and low per share price on the Nasdaq
        National Market on the closing date is $1.75, you will receive 32
        shares of iVillage common stock, a cash payment of $0.56 in exchange
        for your shares of Women.com common stock and an additional cash
        payment for your 0.2 fractional share.

        Except as described below, the number of shares of iVillage common
        stock to be issued for each share of Women.com common stock is fixed
        and will not be adjusted based upon changes in the value of these
        shares. As a result, the value of the shares you receive in the merger
        will not be known at the time you vote on the merger and may go up or
        down as the market price for iVillage common stock goes up or down.
        Women.com is not permitted to withdraw from the merger or resolicit the
        vote of its stockholders based solely on changes in the value of the
        iVillage common stock.

        iVillage's stock price has been volatile, and economic and market
        circumstances are subject to change. As an example, the following table
        sets forth the high and low closing sale prices per share of iVillage
        common stock on the Nasdaq National Market during the indicated months
        of 2000 and 2001.

                                                                        Closing Sale
                                                                         Prices per
                                                                          Share of
                                                                          iVillage
                                                                        Common Stock
                                                                       -------------
    Month
    ----                                                               High     Low
                                                                       -----   -----

    November 2000 .................................................    $3.47   $1.06
    December 2000 .................................................    $1.16   $0.66
    January 2001 ..................................................    $1.94   $1.06
    February (through
    February 27, 2001) ............................................    $       $

Q:      Are the 0.322 exchange ratio and the amount of the per share cash
        payment subject to adjustment?

A:      Yes. The 0.322 exchange ratio and the per share cash payment will not
        be increased, but they could be decreased. The exchange ratio of 0.322
        of a share of iVillage common stock and the cash payment for each share
        of Women.com common stock are subject to a downward adjustment in the
        event that Women.com does not have specified amounts of working capital
        and cash as of March 31, 2001 and immediately before the closing of the
        merger if after such date. For a detailed description of the terms
        governing adjustment of the exchange ratio and cash payment, see the
        section of this joint proxy statement/prospectus entitled "The Merger
        Agreement - Merger Consideration."

Q:      Why are iVillage and Women.com proposing the merger?

A:      We believe the merger offers the opportunity to create the world's
        largest and most comprehensive destination for women on the Web. We
        view the merger as a unique opportunity to combine the two top women's
        online media/Web properties to create the most comprehensive
        destination to meet the everyday needs of women online.

        Please read the more detailed description of our reasons for the merger
        on pages 38 through 42.

Q:      What will happen to shares of iVillage common stock in the merger?

A:      Each share of iVillage common stock outstanding will remain outstanding
        as a share of iVillage common stock. Your percentage ownership of
        iVillage's outstanding common stock will decrease as a result of the
        issuance of iVillage common stock in the merger and pursuant to the
        securities purchase agreement with Hearst Communications and the rights
        offering to other Women.com stockholders.

Q:      Will I receive dividends on my shares of iVillage common stock after
        the merger?

A:      iVillage does not currently intend to pay cash dividends on its common
        stock.

Q:      What do I need to do now?

A:      After carefully reading and considering the information contained in
        this joint proxy statement/prospectus, including the annexes, please
        respond by completing, signing and dating your proxy card and returning
        it in the enclosed postage-paid envelope as soon as possible so that
        your shares may be represented at your stockholder meeting. You may
        also vote by using the toll-free telephone number included on your
        proxy card or by Internet in the manner described on your proxy card.
        To assure that we obtain your vote, please return your completed proxy
        card or vote by telephone or Internet even if you currently plan to
        attend your stockholder meeting in person.

Q:      What happens if I don't indicate how to vote my proxy?

A:      If you mail your properly signed proxy but do not include instructions
        on how your shares are to be voted, your shares will be voted FOR
        approval and adoption of the merger agreement and approval of the
        merger and related matters and, if you are an iVillage stockholder,
        your shares will also be voted FOR approval of the proposal to increase
        the number of authorized shares of iVillage common stock.

Q:      What happens if I don't return a proxy card and don't vote by telephone
        or Internet?

A:      Not returning your proxy card or not voting by telephone or Internet
        will have the same effect as voting against the merger and the merger
        agreement and, if you are an iVillage stockholder, as also voting
        against the proposal to increase the number of authorized shares of
        iVillage common stock.

Q:      How do I vote my shares if my shares are held in "street name"?

A:      You should contact your broker. Your broker can give you directions on
        how to instruct the broker to vote your shares. Your broker may not be
        able to vote your shares unless the broker receives appropriate
        instructions from you.

Q:      What if I plan to attend my stockholder meeting in person?

A:      We recommend that you send in your proxy or vote by telephone or
        Internet anyway. You may still attend the meeting and vote in person.

Q:      What vote does my board of directors recommend?

A:      The Women.com board of directors recommends that Women.com stockholders
        vote FOR the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the
        merger agreement, including the merger. The iVillage board of directors
        recommends that iVillage stockholders vote FOR the merger agreement and
        the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, including the
        merger, the issuance of shares of iVillage common stock in the merger,
        the issuance of iVillage common stock and warrants to purchase iVillage
        common stock pursuant to the securities purchase agreement with Hearst
        Communications and the rights offering to other Women.com stockholders.
        Approval of the merger agreement, the merger and the issuance of the
        shares of iVillage common stock to Women.com stockholders is a
        condition to the merger. The iVillage board of directors also
        recommends that iVillage stockholders vote FOR the amendment to
        iVillage's amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Approval
        of the last proposal is not a condition to the merger.

Q:      Can I change my vote after I have delivered my proxy or voted by
        telephone or Internet?

A:      Yes. You can change your vote at any time before your proxy is voted at
        your special meeting as follows:

    o  You can revoke your proxy.

    o  You can submit a new proxy or change your vote by telephone or
       Internet.

    o  You can attend the special meeting and vote in person.

        If you choose the first or second method, you must submit your notice
        of revocation or your new proxy

        before the applicable stockholder meeting. If your shares are held in
        an account at a brokerage firm, you should contact your brokerage firm
        to change your vote.

Q:      When do you expect the merger to be completed?

A:      We plan to complete the merger after all the conditions to the merger,
        including obtaining the approvals of our stockholders at the
        stockholder meetings, are fulfilled. We currently expect to complete
        the merger by March 31, 2001.

Q:      Will I have appraisal rights as a result of the merger?

A:      Women.com stockholders will have appraisal rights under Delaware law.
        In order to exercise your appraisal rights, you must follow the
        requirements of Delaware law. A copy of the applicable Delaware
        statutory provisions is included as Annex D to this joint proxy
        statement/prospectus and a summary of these provisions can be found
        under "The Merger--Rights of Dissenting Women.com Stockholders" in this
        joint proxy statement/prospectus. Under Delaware law, iVillage
        stockholders are not entitled to appraisal rights in connection with
        the merger.

Q:      Should I send in my stock certificates now?

A:      No. If you are an iVillage stockholder DO NOT send in your stock
        certificates.

        If you are a Women.com stockholder, after the merger is completed,
        iVillage will send you written instructions, including a letter of
        transmittal, that explain how to exchange Women.com stock certificates
        for iVillage stock certificates. Please do not send in any Women.com
        stock certificates until you receive these written instructions and the
        letter of transmittal.

Q:      If I have more questions about the merger or related matters or the
        iVillage proposal to increase the number of its authorized shares of
        common stock, where can I find answers?

A:      If you have any questions about the merger or related matters or the
        iVillage proposal to increase the number of its authorized shares of
        common stock or how to submit your proxy, or if you need additional
        copies of this joint proxy statement/prospectus or the enclosed proxy
        card or voting instructions, you should contact:

          if you are an iVillage stockholder,

          D. F. King & Co., Inc.
          77 Water Street
          New York, New York 10018
          (212) 269-5550

          if you are a Women.com stockholder,

          Women.com Networks, Inc.
          Investor Relations
          1820 Gateway Drive,
          San Mateo, California 94404
          Telephone: (650) 378-6500

        In addition, you can find more information about the merger and the two
        companies in our companies' filings with the Securities and Exchange
        Commission. Please see "Where You Can Find More Information" on page
        145.

                QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE RIGHTS OFFERING
                       (FOR WOMEN.COM STOCKHOLDERS ONLY)

Q:      Why is iVillage conducting this rights offering?

A:      In connection with the proposed combination of the businesses of
        Women.com and iVillage, Hearst Communications, the holder of
        approximately 46% of the outstanding shares of Women.com common stock,
        agreed to purchase up to 9,324,000 shares of iVillage's common stock
        and warrants to purchase up to 2,100,000 shares of iVillage's common
        stock for a total purchase price of $20.0 million. As a condition of
        Hearst Communications' obligation to purchase the shares of iVillage's
        common stock and the warrants, iVillage must offer rights to all of the
        other stockholders of Women.com to purchase their pro rata portion of
        the shares and warrants offered to Hearst Communications. Hearst
        Communications will purchase the number of shares of iVillage common
        stock and warrants to purchase iVillage common not subscribed for by
        other Women.com stockholders in the rights offering.

Q:      What is a rights offering?

A:      The rights offering is a distribution of rights on a pro rata basis to
        all of Women.com's stockholders who held shares of Women.com's common
        stock on February 27, 2001, the record date of the rights offering.
        "Pro rata" means the proportion of the total number of shares of
        Women.com's outstanding common stock that you and the other
        stockholders of Women.com hold on the record date.

Q:      May I exercise rights for less than my pro rata portion?

A:      Yes. You are not required to subscribe for any rights and, if you
        choose to subscribe, you are not required to subscribe for your entire
        pro rata portion of rights.

Q:      What is a right?

A:      Each right entitles a Women.com stockholder to purchase _________ of a
        share of iVillage's common stock and a warrant to purchase __________
        of a share of iVillage's common stock for a subscription price of
        $_________ per right. iVillage has granted to each Women.com
        stockholder on the record date one right for each outstanding share of
        Women.com common stock held by such stockholder.

Q:      What if my rights result in fractional shares?

A:      If your rights would allow you to purchase a fraction of a share or a
        warrant to purchase a fraction of a share, you may exercise your rights
        only by rounding down to and paying for the nearest whole share, or
        paying for any lesser number of whole shares. You may not purchase
        fractional shares or receive a warrant exercisable for a fraction of a
        share and iVillage will not pay cash in lieu of such fractional shares.

Q:      What happens if the merger does not close?

A:      If the merger does not close for any reason, then the rights offering
        will be canceled and all subscription payments will be returned,
        without interest.

Q:      May iVillage stockholders participate in the rights offering?

A:      No. The rights are only being offered to the stockholders of Women.com
        who held shares of Women.com common stock as of the record date, which
        is February 27, 2001.

Q:      How soon must Women.com stockholders act?

A:      The rights expire at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on March 29, 2001,
        the date of the Women.com and iVillage special stockholder meetings.
        The subscription agent must actually receive all required documents and
        payments before that time and date.

Q:      Is participation in the rights offering recommended by the iVillage or
        Women.com boards of directors?

A:      Neither iVillage's board of directors nor Women.com's board of
        directors makes any recommendation to you about whether you should
        exercise any rights. You should decide whether to subscribe for the
        rights based on your own assessment of your best interests in
        consultation with your financial and legal advisors.

Q:      Is my participation in the rights offering a condition of the merger?

A:      No. The extent of your participation, or your decision not to
        participate, in the rights offering will not affect the closing of the
        merger. If the merger is completed, Hearst Communications has agreed to
        purchase up to 9,324,000 shares of iVillage common stock and a warrant
        to purchase up to 2,100,000 shares of iVillage common stock for an
        aggregate purchase price of up to $20.0 million, except that the number
        of shares of common stock and warrants, and the purchase price payable
        by

        Hearst Communications, will be reduced by the  number of shares of
        common stock and warrants, if any, purchased by other Women.com
        stockholders in the rights offering.

Q:      How are Women.com stockholders affected if they do not exercise any
        rights?

A:      You are not required to exercise any rights or otherwise take any
        action in response to this rights offering. If you do not exercise any
        rights, the number of shares of iVillage common stock which you will
        receive in exchange for your Women.com common stock upon the closing of
        the merger will not change, but your percentage ownership of iVillage's
        total outstanding common stock after the merger will be lower than if
        you had exercised your rights in full.

Q:      What forms and payment are required to exercise rights?

A:      As a record holder of Women.com common stock on February 27, 2001, you
        are receiving with this joint proxy statement/prospectus a subscription
        agreement and instructions on how to exercise rights. The subscription
        agreement must be properly filled out and delivered with full payment
        (by wire transfer, certified or cashier's check or personal check) to
        the subscription agent before expiration of the rights. The
        instructions also describe an alternate procedure called "Notice of
        Guaranteed Delivery," which allows an extra three days to deliver the
        subscription agreement if full payment is received before the
        expiration date and a securities broker or qualified financial
        institution signs the form to guarantee that the subscription agreement
        will be timely delivered.

Q:      What if a broker, bank or other nominee is the record holder of my
        shares?

A:      If you wish to purchase shares, please promptly contact the broker,
        bank or other company holding your shares. Your broker or other nominee
        holder is the record holder of the shares you own and must exercise the
        subscription agreement on your behalf for rights you wish to exercise
        or arrange for a subscription agreement issued in your name. The
        broker, bank or other nominee has been requested to contact you for
        instructions on exercising your rights.

Q:      May Women.com stockholders transfer rights?

A:      No. The rights are not transferable and may not be sold.

Q:      Will I be able to trade my rights on Nasdaq?

A:      No. The rights will not be listed for trading on Nasdaq or any other
        stock exchange.

Q:      Must all holders of rights pay the subscription price in cash?

A:      All Women.com stockholders granted rights who wish to participate in
        the rights offering must timely pay the subscription price by wire
        transfer, certified or cashier's check drawn on a U.S. bank, or
        personal check that clears before expiration of the rights.

Q:      Will my money be returned if the rights offering is canceled?

A:      Yes. The subscription agent will hold all funds it receives in escrow
        until the rights offering is completed or terminated. If the rights
        offering is not completed, the subscription agent will return all
        subscription payments promptly, without interest.

Q:      Will Women.com stockholders be charged a commission or fee if they
        exercise their rights?

A:      iVillage is not charging any fee or sales commission to issue rights to
        you or to issue shares of iVillage common stock or warrants to you if
        you exercise rights. If you exercise rights through a broker or other
        holder of your shares, you are responsible for paying any fees that
        person may charge.

Q:      May I change or cancel my exercise of rights after I send in the
        required forms?

A:      No. All exercises of rights are irrevocable unless the conditions to
        completion of the rights offering are not satisfied or waived before
        the subscription period ends. For a description of the conditions to
        the closing of the rights offering, see the section of this joint proxy
        statement/prospectus entitled "The Rights Offering - Conditions to the
        Offering."

Q:      To whom do Women.com stockholders direct additional questions?

A:      If you have questions about the rights offering or need additional
        copies of offering documents, you should call Continental Stock
        Transfer and Trust Company, the subscription agent, at the toll free
        number (888) 509-5587.

For additional information regarding the rights offering, see "The Rights
Offering" beginning on page 127.

                             SUMMARY OF THE MERGER

   This summary highlights selected information from this document and may not
contain all of the information that is important to you. You should carefully
read this entire document and the other documents to which this document
refers to fully understand the merger and the other matters being submitted to
stockholders for action. See "Where You Can Find More Information" beginning
on page 145. Each item in this summary includes a page reference directing you
to a more complete description of that item.

The Companies (Pages 79 through 122)

iVillage Inc.
500-512 Seventh Avenue
New York, New York 10018
Telephone: (212) 600-6000

   iVillage Inc. is a new media company which operates iVillage.com, Lamaze
Publishing and the Newborn Channel. iVillage.com is a leading women's online
destination providing practical solutions and everyday support for women 18
and over. Lamaze Publishing produces advertising supported educational
materials for expectant and new parents. The Newborn Channel is a satellite
television network in over 1,000 hospitals nationwide.

   iVillage.com is organized into branded communities across multiple topics of
most importance to women and offers interactive services, peer support,
content and online access to experts and tailored shopping opportunities.
iVillage is recognized as an industry leader in developing innovative
sponsorship and commerce relationships that match the desire of marketers to
reach women with the needs of iVillage.com members for relevant information
and services. Membership to iVillage.com is free and provides features such as
email, personal homepages, instant messaging and other community tools.

   iVillage was incorporated in Delaware on June 9, 1995 and has been a public
company since March 19, 1999. It is traded on the Nasdaq National Market under
the symbol "IVIL."

Women.com Networks, Inc.
1820 Gateway Drive, Suite 100
San Mateo, California 94404
Telephone: (650) 378-6500

   Women.com Networks, Inc. is a leading Internet media company that offers a
branded network dedicated to women. While Women.com offers all the services
that Web users expect in a portal site, including programming, community,
shopping and personalized services, its most distinguishing feature is its
network approach, which unites the most popular brand names in the world under
one user-friendly interactive hub. Brand names such as Cosmopolitan, Good
Housekeeping, Harlequin and Prevention are incorporated into Women.com's
network, which includes 150,000 pages within 17 topical channels. Women.com
makes its programming and services available without charge to visitors and
generates revenue primarily through the sale of advertisements, promotions,
sponsorships and direct marketing. Women.com also receives production and e-
commerce revenues from certain partners.

   Women.com was incorporated in October 1992 as Wire Networks, Inc. In 1998,
Wire Networks changed its name to Women.com Networks. In January 1999,
Women.com Networks entered into a joint venture agreement with Hearst HomeArts
Inc., a subsidiary of The Hearst Corporation, to create Women.com Networks
LLC. In August 1999, Women.com Networks merged with HomeArts. Women.com
Networks LLC was dissolved, and Women.com, Networks, Inc., a Delaware
corporation, was the surviving entity. Women.com has been a public company
since October 15, 1999. It is traded on the Nasdaq National Market under the
symbol "WOMN."

The Merger (Page 36)

   If all the conditions to the merger are satisfied or waived, Women.com will
merge with Stanhope Acquisition Sub, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of
iVillage created for the purpose of effecting the merger. After the merger,
Women.com will be a wholly owned subsidiary of iVillage and Women.com
stockholders will become iVillage stockholders.

   Pursuant to the merger agreement if the merger is completed, stockholders of
Women.com will receive 0.322 of a share of iVillage common stock (subject to
adjustment as described below) for each share of Women.com common stock they
own. In addition, stockholders of Women.com will receive a cash payment
(subject to adjustment as described below) equal to one percent of the product
of the average high and low prices of a share of iVillage common stock on the
Nasdaq National Market on the closing date of the merger multiplied by 0.322
(subject to adjustment). Stockholders of Women.com will also receive a cash
payment in lieu of any fractional shares of iVillage common stock they might
otherwise be entitled to receive. The exchange ratio and cash payment are
subject to downward adjustment if Women.com does not have specified amounts of
working capital and cash as of March 31, 2001 and immediately before the
closing of the merger if after such date. For a detailed description of the
terms governing the adjustment of the exchange ratio and the cash payment, see
the section of this joint proxy statement/prospectus entitled "The Merger
Agreement - Merger Consideration."

The Stockholder Meetings (Page 31)

   Women.com Stockholders

   The Women.com special meeting of stockholders will be held on Thursday,
March 29, 2001, at ___ a.m., local time, at [_______]. At the Women.com
special meeting, stockholders of Women.com will be asked to approve and adopt
the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the merger
agreement, including the merger.

   iVillage Stockholders

   The iVillage special meeting of stockholders will be held on Thursday, March
29, 2001, at _____ a.m., local time, at
________________________________________, New York, New York. At the iVillage
special meeting, stockholders of iVillage will be asked to:

   o approve and adopt the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated
     by the merger agreement, including the merger, the issuance of shares of
     iVillage common stock to Women.com stockholders in connection with the
     merger, the issuance of iVillage common stock and warrants to purchase
     iVillage common stock pursuant to the securities purchase agreement
     between iVillage and Hearst Communications and the rights offering to
     Women.com stockholders; and

   o approve an amendment to iVillage's amended and restated certificate of
     incorporation to increase the number of authorized shares of iVillage
     common stock from 65,000,000 to 200,000,000.

Record Date; Votes Required for Approval (Pages 31 and 34)

   Women.com Stockholders

   You can vote at the Women.com special meeting if you owned shares of
Women.com common stock at the close of business on the record date, which is
February 27, 2001. On the record date, there were ____________ shares of
Women.com common stock outstanding and entitled to vote. You can cast one vote
for each share of Women.com common stock you then owned. Approval and adoption
of the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the merger
agreement, including the merger, requires the approval of the holders of a
majority of the shares of Women.com common stock outstanding on the record
date.

   As of the record date, Hearst Communications owned approximately ____% of
the outstanding shares of Women.com common stock. Hearst Communications has
entered into a voting agreement with iVillage that provides, among other
things, that it will vote all of such shares in favor of the merger proposal.

   As of the record date, Women.com directors and executive officers
beneficially owned approximately ___% of the outstanding shares of Women.com
common stock. These individuals have advised Women.com that they intend to
vote all of such shares in favor of the merger proposal.

   iVillage Stockholders

   You can vote at the iVillage special meeting if you owned shares of iVillage
common stock at the close of business on the record date, which is February
27, 2001. On the record date, there were __________ shares of iVillage common
stock outstanding and entitled to vote. You can cast one vote for each share
of iVillage common stock you then owned for each of the following proposals:

   o Approval and adoption of the merger agreement and the transactions
     contemplated by the merger agreement, including the merger, the issuance
     of shares of iVillage common stock to Women.com stockholders in
     connection with the merger, the issuance of iVillage common stock and
     warrants to purchase iVillage common stock pursuant to the securities
     purchase agreement between iVillage and Hearst Communications and the
     rights offering to Women.com stockholders, which proposal requires the
     approval of the holders of a majority of the shares of iVillage common
     stock outstanding on the record date.

   o Approval of the amendment to iVillage's amended and restated certificate
     of incorporation increasing the number of authorized shares of iVillage
     common stock, which proposal requires the approval of the

     holders of a majority of the shares of iVillage common stock outstanding
     on the record date.

   As of the record date, AOL Time Warner Inc., National Broadcasting Company,
Inc., GE Investments Subsidiary, Inc. and Rho Management Trust I beneficially
owned an aggregate of approximately ___% of iVillage's outstanding common
stock, respectively. These three iVillage stockholders have entered into
voting agreements with iVillage pursuant to which they have agreed to vote all
such shares in favor of the merger proposal and they have advised iVillage
that they will vote all such shares in favor of the proposal to increase
iVillage's authorized common stock.

   As of the record date, iVillage directors and executive officers
beneficially owned approximately ____% of the outstanding shares of iVillage
common stock. These individuals have advised iVillage that they intend to vote
all of such shares in favor of the iVillage proposals.

Agreements between Hearst Communications and iVillage (Pages 71 through 78)

   In addition to the voting agreement described above, iVillage and Hearst
Communications entered into a securities purchase agreement dated as of
February 5, 2001 and amended and restated as of February 22, 2001. As a
condition to the closing of the merger, iVillage and Hearst Communications
must also enter into a stockholder agreement and a magazine content license
and hosting agreement and each of the securities purchase agreement and the
stockholder agreement (described below) between iVillage and Hearst
Communications must be in full force and effect.

   Pursuant to the amended and restated securities purchase agreement, Hearst
Communications will pay to iVillage up to $20.0 million for up to 9,324,000
shares of iVillage common stock and a warrant to purchase up to 2,100,000
shares of iVillage common stock. The number of shares of iVillage common stock
and warrants to purchase iVillage common stock, and the associated aggregate
purchase price, is subject to reduction to the extent other Women.com
stockholders participate in the iVillage rights offering.

   The number of shares of iVillage common stock and the associated aggregate
purchase price is subject to increase to the extent:

   o Women.com does not have specified working capital or cash amounts as of
     March 31, 2001 or immediately before the closing of the merger if after
     such date and, as a result of such shortfall, Hearst Communications is
     required to, or elects to, purchase additional shares of iVillage common
     stock; or

   o Women.com stockholders holding more than two percent of the outstanding
     shares of Women.com common stock exercise dissenters' rights under
     Delaware law.

   The warrant to be issued to Hearst Communications will have an exercise
price of $0.01 per share and will be exercisable at any time after the date of
issuance until December 31, 2004 but only if the average closing price of
iVillage's common stock has exceeded $3.75 per share for any fifteen
consecutive trading days.

   Pursuant to the terms of the stockholder agreement to be entered into
between iVillage and Hearst Communications, Hearst Communications:

   o may not hold in excess of a specified percentage of iVillage's
     outstanding voting securities (this specified percentage, which can not
     be determined until the closing date of the merger, would be
     approximately 32.6% if no Women.com stockholders participate in the
     rights offering and no additional shares of iVillage common stock are
     purchased by Hearst Communications as a result of a shortfall in
     Women.com's cash or working capital as of March 31, 2001 or immediately
     before the closing of the merger if after such date);

   o will initially be entitled to have three Hearst Communications'
     representatives on the iVillage board of directors, and one
     representative on each of the iVillage nominating and compensation
     committees of the board;

   o will be prohibited from initiating or engaging in the solicitation of
     iVillage proxies, stockholder proposals and tender offers or calling
     iVillage stockholder meetings; and

   o will be required to vote its iVillage securities in excess of 25%
     (subject to adjustment) of the outstanding iVillage voting securities in
     the manner recommended by the non-Hearst Communications board designees.

   For a summary of the magazine content license and hosting agreement, see
"Agreements Between Hearst Communications and iVillage--Magazine Content
License and Hosting Agreement."

The iVillage Rights Offering (Pages 127 through 133)

   A summary of the iVillage rights offering follows this summary under the
caption "The Rights Offering."

Our Recommendations to Stockholders (Pages 40 and 42)

   Women.com Stockholders. The Women.com board of directors believes that the
merger is fair to you and in your best interests, and it recommends that you
vote FOR the proposal to approve and adopt the merger agreement and the
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, including the merger.

   iVillage Stockholders. The iVillage board of directors believes that the
merger is fair to you and in your best interests, and it recommends that you
vote FOR the proposal to approve and adopt the merger agreement and the
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, including the merger, the
issuance of shares of iVillage common stock in the merger, the issuance of
iVillage common stock and warrants to purchase iVillage common stock pursuant
to the securities purchase agreement between iVillage and Hearst
Communications and the rights offering to other Women.com stockholders. The
iVillage board of directors also recommends that you vote FOR the proposal to
amend iVillage's amended and restated certificate of incorporation to increase
the number of authorized shares of iVillage common stock. The approval of the
last proposal is not a condition to completion of the merger.

Opinion of Women.com's Financial Advisor (Page 42)

   Salomon Smith Barney, Women.com's financial advisor, rendered an oral
opinion, subsequently confirmed in writing, to the Women.com board of
directors as to the fairness, from a financial point of view, to the Women.com
stockholders of the merger consideration, including the benefits to be derived
from the Hearst Communications investment following the completion of the
merger. We have attached this opinion, dated February 5, 2001, as Annex B to
this document. You should read this opinion completely to understand the
procedures followed, assumptions made, matters considered and limitations of
the review undertaken.

Opinion of iVillage's Financial Advisor (Page 47)

   Allen & Company Incorporated, iVillage's financial advisor, delivered a
written opinion to the iVillage board of directors as to the fairness, from a
financial point of view, to iVillage of the ratio to exchange shares of
Women.com common stock for shares of iVillage common stock in the merger. We
have attached this opinion, dated February 5, 2001, as Annex C to this
document. You should read this opinion completely to understand the procedures
followed, assumptions made, matters considered and limitations of the review
undertaken.

Conditions to the Merger (Page 66)

   iVillage and Women.com will complete the merger when all of the conditions
to completion of the merger are satisfied or waived. For a detailed
description of the conditions to completion of the merger, see the section
entitled "The Merger Agreement - Conditions to the Merger." The merger will
become effective when iVillage and Women.com file a certificate of merger with
the Delaware Secretary of State.

   Assuming approval of the merger by the stockholders of iVillage and
Women.com and the satisfaction or waiver of all other conditions of the merger
agreement, iVillage and Women.com expect to complete the merger by March 31,
2001.

Termination of the Merger Agreement (Page 68)

   iVillage and Women.com can agree at any time to terminate the merger
agreement without completing the merger, even if Women.com and iVillage
stockholders have approved the merger. Also, either of us can decide, without
the consent of the other, to terminate the merger agreement under certain
circumstances. For a detailed description of the circumstances in which the
merger agreement may be terminated by iVillage and Women.com, see the section
entitled "The Merger Agreement - Termination."

Termination Fees (Page 68)

   If iVillage terminates the merger agreement because Women.com withdraws or
modifies its recommendation or approval of the merger, or because the
Women.com stockholders do not approve the merger, Women.com is obligated to
pay iVillage a termination fee of $1.0 million.

   If Women.com terminates the merger agreement because the iVillage
stockholders do not approve the merger, iVillage is obligated to pay Women.com
a termination fee of $1.0 million.

"No Solicitation" Provisions (Page 63)

   Women.com has generally agreed not to initiate or engage in discussions with
another party regarding a business combination with that party while the
merger is pending. However, Women.com may consider a superior proposal, may
furnish information of Women.com to a person making a superior proposal and
participate in discussions of such proposal in its exercise of its fiduciary
duties if but only if Women.com's board of directors reasonably determines in
good faith, based on the written advice of independent outside legal counsel,
that it is required to do so to comply with its fiduciary duties to
Women.com's stockholders. For a detailed description of these restrictions on
Women.com's ability to initiate or engage in discussions with another party
regarding a business combination, see "The Merger Agreement -- Competing
Acquisition Proposals for Women.com."

Rights of Dissenting Stockholders (Page 57)

   iVillage Stockholders. Under Delaware law, iVillage stockholders are not
entitled to appraisal rights in connection with the merger.

   Women.com Stockholders. Under Delaware law, Women.com stockholders are
entitled to appraisal rights in connection with the merger. If you do not wish
to accept cash and shares of iVillage common stock as payment for your shares
of Women.com common stock in the merger, you will have the right under
Delaware law to have the fair value of your shares of Women.com common stock
determined by the Delaware Chancery Court. This right to appraisal is subject
to a number of restrictions and technical requirements. Generally, in order to
exercise your appraisal rights you must:

   o send a written demand to Women.com for appraisal in compliance with
     Delaware General Corporation Law before the vote on the merger;

   o not vote in favor of the merger; and

   o continuously hold your Women.com common stock, from the date you make the
     demand for appraisal through the closing of the merger.

   Merely voting against the merger will not protect your rights to an
appraisal, which requires following all the steps provided under Delaware law.
Delaware law requirements for exercising appraisal rights are described in
further detail in the section of this joint proxy statement/prospectus
entitled "The Merger -- Rights of Dissenting Women.com Stockholders" and are
attached as Annex D to this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

   If you vote for the merger, you will waive your rights to seek appraisal of
your shares of Women.com common stock under Delaware Law.

Accounting Treatment (Page 55)

   iVillage intends to account for the merger as a "purchase" for financial
accounting purposes, in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles in the United States of America.

Material Federal Income Tax Consequences (Page 55)

   Women.com Stockholders. Women.com and iVillage have structured the merger
so that, in general, the merger should be a taxable transaction for United
States federal income tax purposes. In that case, the stockholders of
Women.com will recognize gain or loss for federal income tax purposes equal to
the difference between (i) the amount of cash received plus the fair market
value of the iVillage stock on the date of the merger, and (ii) the tax basis
in the Women.com stock exchanged therefor. However, it is possible that the
Internal Revenue Service may assert that the merger will constitute a
"reorganization" under Section 368(a) of the Code which would result in the
stockholders of Women.com not recognizing gain or loss for federal income tax
purposes in the merger.

   iVillage Stockholders. Because shares of iVillage common stock remain
unchanged, the merger will not cause you to recognize any gain or loss for
U.S. federal income tax purposes.

   This tax treatment may not apply to some stockholders. Determining the
actual tax consequences of the merger to you may be complicated. These
consequences will depend on your specific situation and on variables not
within our control. You should consult your own tax advisor for a full
understanding of the merger's tax consequences for you.

Market Price Information (Page 136)

   iVillage common stock and Women.com common stock are both quoted on the
Nasdaq National Market. On February 5, 2001, the last trading day before we
announced the merger, iVillage common stock closed at $1.72 per share and
Women.com common stock closed at $0.72 per share. On February 27, 2001, the
most recent practicable date before the date of this joint proxy statement/
prospectus, iVillage common stock closed at $_____ per share and Women.com
common stock closed at $_____ per share. The market price of iVillage common
stock will fluctuate prior to and after the merger, but the exchange ratio
will not be increased. You should obtain current stock price quotations for
iVillage common stock and Women.com common stock. On December 28, 2000,
Women.com received a letter from the Nasdaq Stock Market, Inc. stating that
Women.com had failed to maintain a minimum per share bid price of $1.00 over
the last 30 consecutive trading days, which is required for continued lisiting
on the Nasdaq National Market. According to this letter, unless Women.com
is in compliance with the continued listing requirements by achieving a minimum
per share bid price of $1.00 by March 28, 2001, Women.com's common stock will be
subject to delisting.

Regulatory Approvals (Page 56)

   iVillage and Women.com do not believe that there are any material regulatory
or governmental approvals required to consummate the merger.

                  SUMMARY OF THE TERMS OF THE RIGHTS OFFERING

   This summary highlights selected information from this joint proxy
statement/prospectus regarding the rights offering and may not contain all the
information that is important to you. Further details concerning the rights
offering are set forth in the section of this joint proxy statement/prospectus
entitled "The Rights Offering". You should carefully read this entire joint
proxy statement/prospectus and the other documents to which this joint proxy
statement/prospectus refers to fully understand the rights offering. Each item
of this summary includes a page reference directing you to a more detailed
description of that item. If you hold your shares in a brokerage account or
through a dealer or other nominee, please see "Beneficial Owners" below.

   The summary below is qualified by the following:

   o iVillage will not issue fractional shares;

   o if exercise of your rights would result in a fractional share, you must
     round down to purchase the nearest whole share or any lesser number of
     whole shares; and

   o only holders of record of Women.com common stock at the close of business
     on the record date (February 27, 2001) may exercise rights.

Terms of the Rights Offering (Page 127)............................    iVillage  will  distribute to  each  Women.com
                                                                       stockholder  on  the  record  date,  which  is
                                                                       February 27, 2001, one right for each share of
                                                                       Women.com common  stock that  such stockholder
                                                                       owned on  the  record  date.  Each right  will
                                                                       entitle the holder to  purchase _________ of a
                                                                       share of iVillage  common stock and  a warrant
                                                                       to purchase  ________ of  a share  of iVillage
                                                                       common  stock  for  a  subscription  price  of
                                                                       $________.

Subscription Price (Page 127)......................................    $________ for  the iVillage  common  stock and
                                                                       the warrant  issuable  upon  exercise of  each
                                                                       right. Payment  by personal  check  must clear
                                                                       payment on or  before the expiration  date and
                                                                       may require  five  or  more  business days  in
                                                                       which to  clear  payment. iVillage  recommends
                                                                       that    Women.com   stockholders    pay    the
                                                                       subscription price  by certified  or cashier's
                                                                       check drawn on a U.S.  bank, U.S. postal money
                                                                       order or wire transfer of funds.

Terms of the Warrants (Page 127)...................................    The warrants  will have  an exercise  price of
                                                                       $0.01 per share and will be exercisable at any
                                                                       time after the date of issuance until December
                                                                       31, 2004 but only if the average closing price
                                                                       of iVillage's common stock  has exceeded $3.75
                                                                       per share  on any fifteen  consecutive trading
                                                                       days. The  holder of  a  warrant will  have 30
                                                                       days  after   notification  in   writing  from
                                                                       iVillage of the satisfaction of this condition
                                                                       in which to exercise the warrant.

Record Date (Page 127).............................................    February 27, 2001.

Expiration Date and Time (Page 127)................................    The rights expire,  if not exercised,  at 5:00
                                                                       p.m., New York  City time, on  March 29, 2001,
                                                                       the date of the iVillage and Women.com special
                                                                       stockholder meetings.

Securities Purchase Agreement (Page 71)............................    If   the    merger   is    completed,   Hearst
                                                                       Communications,  the holder  of  approximately
                                                                       46% of  the  outstanding  shares of  Women.com
                                                                       common stock,  has  agreed to  purchase  up to
                                                                       9,324,000 shares of iVillage  common stock and
                                                                       a warrant to  purchase up to  2,100,000 shares
                                                                       of  iVillage  common stock  for  an  aggregate
                                                                       purchase price of up  to $20.0 million, except
                                                                       that the number of shares  of common stock and
                                                                       warrants, and  the purchase  price  payable by
                                                                       Hearst   Communications,    is    subject   to
                                                                       adjustment as  described above  under "Summary
                                                                       of  the   Merger--Agreements   between  Hearst
                                                                       Communications and iVillage."

Transferability of Rights (Page 127)...............................    The rights are not transferable and may not be
                                                                       sold.

Conditions of the Offering (Page 127)..............................    The exercise of  the rights is  subject to the
                                                                       conditions described  in the  section  of this
                                                                       joint proxy statement/prospectus entitled "The
                                                                       Rights Offering - Conditions to the Offering."

Termination of the Rights Offering (Page 127)......................    The rights offering will  be terminated if the
                                                                       merger does not  close for any  reason. If the
                                                                       rights    offering    is    terminated,    the
                                                                       subscription agent  will  promptly return  all
                                                                       subscription payments.  iVillage will  not pay
                                                                       interest  on,  or  deduct  any  amounts  from,
                                                                       subscription payments  if the  rights offering
                                                                       is terminated.  If  you do  not  exercise your
                                                                       rights before the expiration time, your rights
                                                                       will expire and will no longer be exercisable.

Use of Proceeds (Page 134).........................................    iVillage intends to use  the net proceeds from
                                                                       the  rights  offering  primarily  for  working
                                                                       capital and general corporate purposes.

No Revocation (Page 131)...........................................    If  you  exercise  any  rights,  you  are  not
                                                                       allowed to  revoke or  change the  exercise or
                                                                       request a refund of monies paid.

Subscription Agent (Page 131)......................................    Continental Stock Transfer  and Trust Company.
                                                                       Telephone: (888) 509-5587.

Procedure for Exercising Rights (Page 128).........................    Unless  you  own  your   shares  of  Women.com
                                                                       common  stock  through  a  securities  broker,
                                                                       bank, trust company, dealer  or other nominee,
                                                                       you  may  exercise  your  rights  by  properly
                                                                       completing  and   signing   your  subscription
                                                                       agreement.  To   exercise  rights,   you  must
                                                                       complete   the  subscription   agreement   and
                                                                       deliver it to the subscription agent with full
                                                                       payment for the rights  you elect to exercise.
                                                                       The subscription agent must receive the proper
                                                                       forms and payments on or before the expiration
                                                                       date.  You  may  deliver   the  documents  and
                                                                       payments by  mail  or  commercial courier.  If
                                                                       regular mail  is  used  for  this purpose,  we
                                                                       recommend using insured, registered mail.

Nominee Accounts (Page 130)........................................    If you wish  to exercise rights  in the rights
                                                                       offering  and  your  shares   are  held  by  a
                                                                       securities broker, bank, trust company, dealer
                                                                       or other nominee, you  should promptly contact
                                                                       those  record  holders  and  request  them  to
                                                                       exercise rights on  your behalf. You  may also
                                                                       contact the nominee and request the nominee to
                                                                       send a separate subscription agreement to you.

                                                                       If  you are  a  record  holder  who wishes  an
                                                                       institution  such  as  a  broker  or  bank  to
                                                                       exercise  your  rights  for  you,  you  should
                                                                       contact that  institution promptly  to arrange
                                                                       that method  of exercise. You  are responsible
                                                                       for the  payment of any  fees that  brokers or
                                                                       other persons holding your shares may charge.

Payment Adjustments (Page 129).....................................    If you send a payment  that is insufficient to
                                                                       purchase the number of rights requested, or if
                                                                       the  number   of  rights   requested   is  not
                                                                       specified in  the forms, the  payment received
                                                                       will be applied to exercise your rights to the
                                                                       extent of the payment.  If the payment exceeds
                                                                       the amount required to exercise your rights in
                                                                       full, the excess  will be refunded  as soon as
                                                                       practicable. iVillage will not pay interest on
                                                                       any  payments   received   under  the   rights
                                                                       offering.

Exercise by Foreign and Certain other Women.com
Stockholders (Page 132)............................................    A subscription  agreement  will  be mailed  to
                                                                       rights holders whose addresses are outside the
                                                                       United States or who have  an Army Post Office
                                                                       or  Fleet  Post Office  address.  To  exercise
                                                                       those rights, you must notify the subscription
                                                                       agent,  and  take all  other  steps  that  are
                                                                       necessary to exercise your rights on or before
                                                                       the expiration  date  of  the  rights. If  the
                                                                       procedures set forth in the preceding sentence
                                                                       are not  followed before  the  expiration date
                                                                       your rights will expire.

U.S. Income Tax Consequences (Page 132)............................    The  distribution   of  the   rights   to  the
                                                                       stockholders of Women.com should be treated as
                                                                       additional  consideration   received   in  the
                                                                       merger in an  amount equal to  the fair market
                                                                       value  of   the   rights   on   the  date   of
                                                                       distribution.  In  that  case,  you  will  not
                                                                       recognize any gain  or loss upon  the exercise
                                                                       of  rights  but  will  generally  recognize  a
                                                                       capital loss  equal to your  tax basis  in the
                                                                       rights, if such rights expire unexercised.

Stock Certificates and Warrants (Page 132).........................    iVillage will  deliver stock  certificates and
                                                                       warrants  representing iVillage  common  stock
                                                                       and  warrants  purchased by  the  exercise  of
                                                                       rights  as  soon  as   practicable  after  the
                                                                       closing of the merger.

                      UNAUDITED COMPARATIVE PER SHARE DATA

   We have set forth below information concerning net loss per share from
continuing operations, cash dividends declared and book value per share data
for Women.com and iVillage on both historical and pro forma bases and on a per
share equivalent pro forma basis for Women.com. We have derived the pro forma
net loss per share from continuing operations from the Unaudited Pro Forma
Combined Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements beginning on page 123.
Women.com has not declared any cash dividends since the completion of its
initial public offering in October 1999 and iVillage has not declared any cash
dividends since the completion of its initial public offering in March 1999.
iVillage's management does not expect to pay cash dividends for the foreseeable
future after the completion of the merger. Basic and diluted net loss per share
from continuing operations and the book value per share for the pro forma
presentation is based upon outstanding shares of iVillage common stock, adjusted
to include the estimated number of shares of iVillage common stock to be issued
in the merger for outstanding shares of Women.com common stock at the time the
merger is completed and upon completion of the rights offering. The per share
equivalent pro forma data for shares of Women.com common stock is based on the
assumed conversion of each of the shares of Women.com common stock into shares
of iVillage common stock and issuance of all the shares of common stock in
connection with the rights offering.

   You should read the information set forth below in conjunction with the
respective audited and unaudited financial statements of iVillage and
Women.com included in this joint proxy statement/prospectus and the Unaudited
Pro Forma Combined Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and the notes
thereto beginning on page 123. See "Where You Can Find More Information"
beginning on page 145.

                                                                   Year Ended
                                                               December 31, 2000
                                                               -----------------

Women.com Historical Data:
 Basic and diluted net loss per share ......................         $(2.59)
 Cash dividends per share ..................................              -
 Book value per share ......................................         $ 1.01
iVillage Historical Data:
 Basic and diluted net loss per share from continuing
operations .................................................         $(6.05)
 Cash dividends per share ..................................              -
 Book value per share ......................................         $ 3.41
Pro Forma Combined Data:
 Basic and diluted net loss per share from continuing
operations .................................................         $(5.55)
 Cash dividends per share ..................................              -
 Book value per share ......................................         $ 2.75
Pro Forma Women.com Equivalent Data:
 Basic and diluted net loss per share from continuing
operations .................................................         $(1.79)
 Cash dividends per share ..................................              -
 Book value per share ......................................         $ 0.89

                                  RISK FACTORS

   In addition to the other information contained in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus, you should carefully consider the following risk factors
before you decide how to vote on the proposed transactions and, if you are a
Women.com stockholder, whether to participate in the rights offering.

Risks Relating to the Merger

   Women.com stockholders may receive fewer shares of iVillage common stock or
iVillage may abandon the merger if Women.com does not have specified amounts
of cash and working capital on March 31, 2001 or at the closing of the merger.

   The number of shares of iVillage common stock that a Women.com stockholder
will receive for each share of Women.com common stock he or she holds will be
reduced if Women.com has less than $20.0 million of cash or less than $12.0
million of working capital on March 31, 2001, or an adjusted amount immediately
before the closing of the merger if after such date. The merger agreement
provides that if there is a shortfall in these amounts and such shortfall does
not exceed $4.0 million, the exchange ratio will be adjusted downward so that
the aggregate number of iVillage shares issued to Women.com stockholders will be
decreased by the number of shares of iVillage common stock equal to the greater
of the shortfall of cash or working capital, divided by $1.875. If the shortfall
in cash or working capital is more than $4.0 million on March 31, 2001, or if,
as of the day prior to the closing of the merger, cash is less than the amount
on hand as of March 31, 2001 less $166,666 per day for every day elapsed since
March 31, 2001, or working capital is materially less than the difference
between the amount of working capital as of March 31, 2001 less the reduction in
Women.com's cash since March 31, 2001, iVillage may terminate the merger and the
rights offering. As of December 31, 2000, Women.com had $30.1 million of cash
and $29.4 million of working capital. There can be no assurance that Women.com
will have at least $20.0 million of cash and at least $12.0 million of working
capital on March 31, 2001.

   Because the number of shares of iVillage common stock to be issued to
Women.com stockholders in the merger will not be adjusted to reflect changes
in the market price of iVillage common stock, if the market price of iVillage
common stock declines, the value of the merger consideration received by
Women.com stockholders will be reduced.

   Each Women.com stockholder will receive a fixed number of shares of iVillage
common stock in exchange for each share of Women.com common stock that the
stockholder owns except as described in the preceding risk factor. The
exchange ratio will not be adjusted based on changes in the market prices of
either iVillage or Women.com common stock. The value of the iVillage shares
that Women.com stockholders will receive in the merger will not be known until
the final exchange ratio is determined and the merger is completed. The value
of the iVillage shares that Women.com stockholders will receive in the merger
will change as the market price of iVillage common stock goes up or down prior
to the completion of the merger. In recent years, and particularly in recent
months, the stock market in general, and the securities of Internet companies
in particular, have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations. These
market fluctuations have, and may in the future, adversely affect the market
price of iVillage common stock. In addition, events or circumstances specific
to iVillage could cause the price of its common stock to decline. The market
price of iVillage common stock on and after the date of the merger could be
lower than the market price on the date of the merger agreement, the current
market price or the market price on the date of the Women.com special
stockholder meeting. Women.com stockholders should obtain recent market
quotations of iVillage common stock and Women.com common stock before they
vote on adoption of the merger agreement and before they decide whether to
participate in the rights offering.

   If iVillage does not successfully integrate the business and technology of
Women.com and realize the expected benefits of the merger, it will have
incurred significant costs which may harm its business.

   iVillage expects to incur costs and commit significant management time
integrating Women.com's operations, technology, Web sites, products, customers
and personnel. These costs may be substantial and may include costs for:

   o integration of operations, including combining teams and processes in
     various functional areas;

   o reorganization or closure of operations and/or facilities, including the
     cost of office space that iVillage is unable to sublease;

   o integration of technology, Web sites and products;

   o fees and expenses of professionals and consultants involved in completing
     the integration process; and

   o potential existing liabilities of Women.com.

   Successful integration of Women.com's operations, technology, Web sites,
products, customers and personnel will place a significant burden on the
management and internal resources of the combined company. The diversion of
the attention of management and any difficulties encountered in the transition
and integration process could have a material adverse effect on the future
business, financial condition and operating results of the combined company.

   If iVillage does not realize the expected benefits of the merger, iVillage's
financial results and its ability to achieve profitability will be adversely
affected.

   Achieving the benefits of the merger will depend in part on the successful
integration of Women.com's operations, technology, Web sites, products,
customers and personnel in a timely and efficient manner and maintaining the
companies' relationships with key customers and joint venturers. Integration
efforts may be difficult and unpredictable because of possible cultural
conflicts and different opinions on strategic plans, personnel and other
decisions. Integration may be made more difficult because iVillage's
operations are centered in New York while Women.com's operations are centered
in California. iVillage does not know whether it will be successful in these
integration efforts and it cannot assure you that it will realize the expected
benefits of the merger. If iVillage cannot successfully integrate Women.com's
operations, technology, Web sites, products, customers and personnel and
maintain its and Women.com's relationships with key customers and joint
venturers, the combined company may not realize the expected benefits of the
merger and its business, financial condition and results of operations may be
seriously harmed.

   The market price of iVillage common stock may decline after completion of
the merger.

   The market price of iVillage common stock may decline after completion of
the merger if:

   o the integration of the business and operations of Women.com is
     unsuccessful or takes longer than anticipated;

   o the effect of the merger on the combined company's financial results is
     not consistent with the expectations of securities analysts or investors;

   o iVillage does not achieve the perceived benefits of the merger as rapidly
     as, or to the extent, anticipated by securities analysts or investors; or

   o significant stockholders of iVillage following the merger decide to
     dispose of their shares because the results of the merger are not
     consistent with their expectations.

   Women.com's officers and directors have interests that may influence them to
support and approve the merger.

   The directors and officers of Women.com have interests in the merger that
may be different from, or in addition to, those of the Women.com stockholders,
including the following:

   o as of January 31, 2001, the officers and directors of Women.com own stock
     options to purchase an aggregate of 3,028,293 shares of Women.com common
     stock that will be converted into options to purchase shares of iVillage
     common stock at the time of the merger;

   o a severance and retention plan of up to $5 million for Women.com employees
     is currently being finalized, therefore, several officers of Women.com may
     receive severance or retention payments in connection with the merger;

   o iVillage has agreed to maintain directors and officers' insurance for the
     current directors and officers of Women.com for six years and to preserve
     for the same period the rights to indemnification of the current and
     former directors, officers and employees of Women.com; and

   o four of the members of the Women.com board of directors are serving in
     such capacity as representatives of Hearst Communications and, in
     connection with the merger, Hearst Communications has entered into a
     securities purchase agreement with iVillage and, as a condition to the
     closing of the merger, will enter into a stockholder agreement and a
     magazine content license and hosting agreement with iVillage. See
     "Agreements between Hearst Communications and iVillage" for more
     information regarding these agreements.

   For the above reasons, the directors and officers of Women.com could be more
likely to vote to approve the merger agreement than if they did not have these
interests. Women.com stockholders should consider whether these interests may
have influenced these directors and officers to support or recommend the
merger.

   Following the merger, Hearst Communications is expected to own approximately
__% of the outstanding shares of iVillage common stock, Hearst Communications
will have three representatives on the iVillage board of directors and Hearst
Communications will have the greatest influence of any iVillage stockholder.

   Following the merger, Hearst Communications is expected to own approximately
__% of the outstanding shares of iVillage common stock, which amount would be
increased if Hearst Communications is required or elects to purchase
additional shares of iVillage common stock as a result of a shortfall in cash
and/or working capital at March 31, 2001 or any later closing date or pursuant
to the rights offering or the securities purchase agreement, or in the event
that Women.com stockholders holding in excess of two percent of the shares of
Women.com outstanding as of the record date exercise dissenters' rights under
Delaware law. In addition, Hearst Communications will hold a warrant entitling
it to purchase up to 2,100,000 shares of iVillage common stock, less the number
of shares of iVillage common stock represented by warrants subscribed for by the
other stockholders of Women.com in the rights offering.

   Pursuant to a stockholder agreement to be entered into between iVillage and
Hearst Communications, iVillage must appoint three representatives of Hearst
Communications to iVillage's board of directors, with one Hearst
Communications designee appointed to each class of director. The stockholder
agreement provides that the number of Hearst Communications' representatives
is subject to reduction if Hearst Communications' ownership of iVillage common
stock falls below certain threshold levels. There will also be a Hearst
Communications representative on each of the iVillage nominating and
compensation committees. Hearst Communications' board representation and stock
ownership will allow Hearst Communications to significantly influence
iVillage's corporate direction and policies, including any mergers,
acquisitions, consolidations, strategic relationships or sales of assets. It
may also discourage or prevent transactions involving an actual or potential
change of control, including transactions in which stockholders would
otherwise receive a premium for their shares. In addition, the interests of
Hearst Communications, which owns or has significant investments in other
businesses, including cable television networks, newspapers, magazines and
electronic media, may from time to time be competitive with, or otherwise
diverge from, iVillage's interests, particularly with respect to new business
opportunities and future acquisitions.

   Although Hearst Communications is required to vote all shares that it holds
in excess of 25% (subject to adjustment) of iVillage's voting securities in
accordance with the recommendation of the iVillage board of directors, Hearst
Communications may effectively control stockholder actions, including
approving changes to iVillage's certificate of incorporation or bylaws and
adopting or changing equity incentive plans. Hearst Communications' effective
control over stockholder actions may also determine the outcome of any merger,
consolidation, sale of all or substantially all of iVillage's assets or other
form of change of control that iVillage might consider. See "Agreements between
Hearst Communications and iVillage" beginning on page 71.

   Exercise of the warrants will cause dilution to the iVillage stockholders
and could negatively impact the price of iVillage common stock.

   Exercise of warrants, whether by Hearst Communications or by Women.com
stockholders acquiring them in the rights offering, would cause dilution to
the voting power and interests of the then-current iVillage stockholders and
to the net income or loss per share of iVillage common stock. In addition, the
sale of a significant number of the shares of iVillage common stock acquired
on exercise of the warrants in the open market could cause a decline in the
market value of iVillage common stock. Stockholders of iVillage will

experience additonal ownership dilution if Hearst Communications is required, or
elects, to purchase additional shares of iVillage common stock in the event of a
Women.com cash or working capital shortfall as of March 31, 2001 or any later
closing date, or in the event that Women.com stockholders holding in excess of
two percent of the shares of Women.com outstanding as of the record date
exercise dissenters' rights under Delaware law. See "The Merger Agreement -
Merger Consideration" for information regarding the circumstances under which
Hearst Communications would be required, or could elect; to purchase additional
shares of iVillage common stock.

   Failure to complete the merger could negatively impact the businesses of
iVillage and Women.com and the market prices of iVillage and Women.com common
stock.

   If the merger is not completed for any reason, iVillage and Women.com will
be subject to a number of risks that may affect their respective businesses
and stock prices, including:

   o Women.com could be required to pay iVillage a $1.0 million termination
     fee, or iVillage could be required to pay Women.com a $1.0 million
     termination fee;

   o the market prices of shares of iVillage common stock and Women.com common
     stock may decline to the extent that the current market price of those
     shares reflects a market assumption that the merger will be completed;

   o costs related to the merger, such as legal and accounting fees and a
     portion of the investment banking fees must be paid even if the merger is
     not completed;

   o the benefits that iVillage expects to realize from the merger would not
     be realized; and

   o the diversion of management attention from the day-to-day business of
     iVillage and Women.com and the unavoidable disruption to their employees
     and their relationships with customers and joint venturers during the
     period before consummation of the merger, may make it difficult for the
     companies to regain their market positions if the merger does not occur.

   If the merger agreement is terminated and Women.com's board of directors
seeks another merger or business combination, Women.com's stockholders cannot
be certain that Women.com will be able to find another company willing to pay
an equivalent or more attractive price than the price to be paid by iVillage
in the merger.

Risks Relating to the Combined Companies Following the Merger

   Both iVillage and Women.com have limited operating histories and the
combined companies may face difficulties encountered in the new and rapidly
evolving markets in which they operate.

   Both iVillage and Women.com have limited operating histories and face many
of the risks and difficulties frequently encountered in new and rapidly
evolving markets, including the Internet advertising market. The risks and
difficulties that will be faced by the combined companies following the merger
include their ability to:

   o attract a larger audience to iVillage.com;

   o increase awareness of the iVillage brand;

   o strengthen user loyalty;

   o offer compelling content;

   o maintain current, and develop new, strategic relationships;

   o attract a large number of advertisers from a variety of industries;

   o respond effectively to competitive pressures;

   o continue to develop and upgrade iVillage's technology; and

   o attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel.

   Neither iVillage nor Women.com has achieved profitability and both have
recent and anticipated continuing losses.

   Neither iVillage nor Women.com has achieved profitability and iVillage
expects the combined company to continue to incur operating losses for the
foreseeable future. iVillage incurred net losses attributable to common
stockholders of $191.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2000, $116.6
million for the year ended December 31, 1999 and $43.7 million for the year
ended December 31, 1998. Women.com incurred net losses attributable to common
stockholders of $121.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2000, $57.1
million for the year ended December 31, 1999 and $13.6 million for the year
ended December 31, 1998. As of December 31, 2000, iVillage's accumulated
deficit was $384.3 million and Women.com's accumulated deficit was $204.2
million. iVillage expects to continue to incur significant operating and
capital expenditures and, as a result, it will need to generate significant
revenues to achieve and maintain profitability. Women.com also expects to
incur significant operating losses and negative cash flows for at least the
next several years.

   The combined company may need to raise additional capital and its prospects
for obtaining additional financing are uncertain.

   iVillage currently anticipates that its existing cash and cash equivalents
will be sufficient to meet its anticipated capital expenditures and working
capital requirements for at least the next twelve months. Women.com believes
that its existing cash and cash equivalents may not be sufficient to meet its
anticipated capital expenditures and working capital requirements beyond June
30, 2001. The amount of cash and cash equivalents that will be available to
the combined company upon completion of the merger cannot be accurately
predicted and depends on many factors, including the amount of revenues
received and expenses incurred by each company during the period prior to the
merger and the date on which the merger is completed. Accordingly, the
combined company may need to raise additional funds in the near future to fund
its operations. There can be no assurance that additional financing will be
available to the combined company on acceptable terms, or at all. In
particular, unless the market price of iVillage's common stock increases
dramatically, it is unlikely that the company will be able to raise funds
through a public offering of its common stock. If adequate funds are not
available or are not available on acceptable terms, the combined company would
have to scale back its business and its business and financial condition would
be harmed.

   Although iVillage's revenues have generally grown in recent quarters, it
cannot guarantee that it will achieve sufficient revenues for profitability.
Even if iVillage does achieve profitability, it cannot guarantee that it can
sustain or increase profitability on a quarterly or annual basis in the
future. If revenues grow slower than iVillage anticipates, or if operating
expenses exceed iVillage's expectations or cannot be adjusted accordingly, its
business, results of operations and financial condition will be materially and
adversely affected. Because iVillage's strategy includes acquisitions of and
joint ventures with other businesses, acquisition and joint venture expenses
and any cash used to make these acquisitions and joint ventures will reduce
its available cash.

   iVillage may not be able to integrate the operations from recent and future
acquisitions other than Women.com and/or from recent and future joint
ventures.

   As part of iVillage's business strategy, it has completed and may enter into
additional business combinations, acquisitions and joint ventures. The
particular risks associated with the Women.com merger are described above
under "Risks Relating to the Merger." The risks accompanying acquisition and
joint venture transactions include, among other things:

   o the difficulty of assimilating the operations and personnel of the
     acquired companies and joint venture entities;

   o the difficulty of establishing a new joint venture including, without
     limitation, attracting qualified personnel, potential adverse financial
     and accounting consequences, high initial expenses, attracting customers
     and advertisers, and integrating resources from previously unaffiliated
     entities;

   o the potential disruption of iVillage's ongoing business;

   o the inability of management to maximize iVillage's financial and
     strategic position through the successful incorporation of acquired or
     shared technology or content and rights into its products and media
     properties;

   o expenses associated with the transactions;

   o additional expenses associated with amortization of acquired intangible
     assets;

   o the difficulty of maintaining uniform standards, controls, procedures and
     policies;

   o the impairment of relationships with employees and customers as a result
     of any integration of new management personnel or reduction of personnel;
     and

   o the potential unknown liabilities associated with acquired businesses and
     joint venture entities.

   iVillage's failure to adequately address these issues could have a material
adverse effect on its business, results of operations and financial condition.

   iVillage's and Women.com's quarterly revenues and operating results are not
indicative of future performance, are difficult to forecast and have been and
are likely to continue to fluctuate.

   As a result of iVillage's and Women.com's limited operating history, neither
company has historical financial data for a significant number of periods upon
which to forecast quarterly revenues and results of operations. In addition,
the operating results of the combined company are likely to fluctuate
significantly from quarter to quarter as a result of several factors, many of
which are outside iVillage's control, and any of which could materially harm
the business of the combined company. These factors include:

   o fluctuations in the demand for Internet advertising or electronic
     commerce;

   o bankruptcies of Internet companies which are a source of advertising
     revenues;

   o changes in the level of traffic on its network; and

   o fluctuations in marketing expenses and technology infrastructure costs.

   If the revenues of the combined company in a particular quarter are lower
than anticipated, iVillage may be unable to reduce spending in that quarter.
If iVillage has a shortfall in revenues in relation to its expenses, then
iVillage's business, results of operations and financial condition would be
materially and adversely affected.

   iVillage does not believe that period-to-period comparisons of its operating
results are necessarily meaningful nor should they be relied upon as reliable
indicators of future performance. In one or more future quarters, iVillage's
results of operations may fall below the expectations of securities analysts
and investors. If iVillage's results of operations fall below expectations,
the trading price of its common stock would likely be materially adversely
affected.

   iVillage's revenues for the foreseeable future will remain dependent on user
traffic levels and advertising activity on its Web sites. Future revenues are
difficult to forecast. In addition, iVillage plans to expand and develop
content, and to upgrade and enhance its technology and infrastructure
development in order to support its growth. iVillage may be unable to adjust
spending quickly enough to offset any unexpected revenue shortfall.

   The market for Internet advertising is still developing. If the Internet
fails to gain further acceptance as a medium for advertising, the combined
company would have slower revenue growth than expected and would incur greater
than expected losses.

   iVillage expects to continue to derive a substantial portion of its revenues
from sponsorships and advertising for the foreseeable future, as demand and
market acceptance for Internet advertising continues to develop. Accordingly,
iVillage's business depends on market acceptance of the Internet as a medium
for advertising.

   Although there are currently several standards for the measurement of the
effectiveness of Internet advertising, the industry has had difficulty
convincing potential advertisers that Internet advertising is a significant
advertising medium. Advertisers and advertising agencies that have
historically relied on traditional forms of advertising may be reluctant or
slow to adopt online advertising. In addition, advertisers and advertising
agencies that use the Internet as an advertising medium may find online
advertising to be less effective for promoting their products and services
than traditional advertising media, including television, radio and print.
Advertisers and advertising agencies that have invested substantial resources
in traditional methods of advertising may also be reluctant to reallocate
their resources to online advertising. The market for online advertising also
depends on the overall growth and acceptance of electronic commerce. If the
markets for online advertising and electronic commerce fail to develop or
develop more slowly than iVillage expects, iVillage would have slower

than expected revenue growth and would incur greater than expected losses, and
iVillage's business and financial condition would be harmed.

   Different pricing models are used to sell advertising on the Internet and it
is difficult to predict which, if any, of the models will emerge as the
industry standard. This makes it difficult to project iVillage's future
advertising rates and revenues. iVillage's advertising revenues could be
adversely affected if it is unable to adapt to new forms of Internet
advertising. Moreover, software programs that limit or prevent advertising
from being delivered to an Internet user's computer are available. Widespread
adoption of this software could adversely affect the commercial viability of
Internet advertising.

   iVillage relies on third parties to adequately measure the demographics of
its user base and delivery of advertisements on its Web sites. iVillage's
business would be harmed if these third parties fail to provide this service
to iVillage.

   It is important to iVillage advertisers that iVillage accurately measures
the demographics of its user base and the delivery of advertisements on its
Web site. iVillage depends on third parties to provide many of these
measurement services. If these third parties are unable or unwilling to
provide these services to iVillage in the future, iVillage would need to
perform them itself or obtain them from another provider. This could cause
iVillage to incur additional costs or cause interruptions in its business
until it replaces these services. Companies may choose to not advertise on
iVillage Web sites or may pay less for advertising if they perceive iVillage's
demographic measurements are not reliable. Either of these events would
adversely affect iVillage's business.

   If iVillage fails to manage its growth effectively, its business and
financial condition could be harmed.

   If iVillage is unable to manage its growth effectively, its business could
be adversely affected. iVillage has experienced and continues to experience
significant growth, both internally and through acquisitions and joint
ventures. This growth has placed, and the proposed merger with Women.com and
iVillage's anticipated future growth in its operations will continue to place,
a significant strain on iVillage's resources. As part of this growth, iVillage
will have to implement new operational and financial systems, procedures and
controls. iVillage's business would be harmed if it is unable to implement
these new systems in a timely and effective manner.

   Both iVillage and Women.com rely on third parties to drive traffic to their
sites and generate page views and the business and financial condition of
iVillage and Women.com would be harmed if these third parties were to no
longer provide this service.

   America Online has accounted for a significant portion of iVillage's online
traffic based on the delivery to iVillage of a guaranteed number of
impressions. A significant amount of its visitors and members reach iVillage
Web sites through America Online. iVillage's agreement with America Online
does not prohibit America Online from carrying online sites or developing and
providing content that compete with iVillage's sites, and America Online
currently carries additional competing Web sites. Although iVillage's
agreement with America Online expired on December 31, 2000, it is subject to
extension by either party for one year and iVillage is currently negotiating a
new agreement with America Online and, in the interim, iVillage and America
Online have extended the agreement on a monthly basis. If America Online
discontinues carrying iVillage channels, iVillage's business, results of
operations and financial condition would be materially adversely affected.

   Women.com relies on its Astronet site to generate a significant portion of
its page views and Astronet depends on America Online for traffic. During the
year ended December 31, 2000, approximately 21% of Women.com's page views were
generated by Astronet and, during that same period, approximately 45% of
Astronet's traffic was generated by America Online. Women.com's business would
be materially harmed if America Online stops carrying Women.com's Astronet
site.

   Pursuant to an internet advertising and ad serving agreement, Genealogy.com
generated approximately 27% of Women.com's page views in December 2000.
Women.com terminated this agreement in January 2001. If Women.com is unable to
generate additional page views in the future, it could materially adversely
affect Women.com's ranking among Web properties.

   iVillage has a small number of customers and the loss of a number of these
customers could adversely affect its financial condition and results of
operations.

   iVillage depends on a limited number of customers for a significant portion
of its revenues. Consequently, the loss of even a small number of these
customers at any one time may adversely affect iVillage's business, financial
condition and results of operations. In 2000, 1999, and 1998, respectively,
revenues from iVillage's five largest advertisers accounted for approximately
23%, 20%, and 20% of total revenues, however, no one advertiser accounted for
greater than 10% of total revenues. At December 31, 2000, one customer
accounted for approximately 11% of the net accounts receivable. At December
31, 1999, no customer accounted for greater than 10% of the net accounts
receivable.

   iVillage anticipates that after the completion of the merger its results of
operations in any given period will continue to depend to a significant extent
upon revenues from a small number of customers. In addition, iVillage
anticipates that these customers will continue to vary over time, so that the
achievement of its long-term goals will require iVillage to obtain additional
significant customers on an ongoing basis. iVillage's failure to enter into a
sufficient number of large contracts during a particular period could have a
material adverse effect on iVillage's business, financial condition and
results of operations.

   Seasonal and cyclical patterns may adversely affect iVillage's business.

   iVillage believes that advertising sales in traditional media, such as
television and radio, generally are lower in the first and third calendar
quarters of each year. If iVillage's market makes the transition from an
emerging to a more developed market, seasonal and cyclical patterns may
develop in the future. As a result, if iVillage's industry follows the same
seasonal patterns as those in traditional media, it may experience lower
advertising revenues in the first and third calendar quarters of each year.
Seasonal and cyclical patterns in Internet advertising may also affect
iVillage's revenues. In addition, traffic levels on iVillage's Web sites
typically fluctuate during the summer and year-end vacation and holiday
periods and iVillage anticipates that sales from Astrology.com and e-commerce
partners from which it receives a revenue share payment, and any other future
consumer goods it may sell, will typically increase during the fourth quarter
as a result of the holiday season and may decline during other periods.

   Women.com's business relies on Hearst Communications for content and cross-
promotion and loss of that relationship would harm the combined companies'
business.

   Information supplied by or developed from the Hearst magazines to which
Women.com has online rights accounts for a significant portion of its current
network's content. If the relationship with Hearst Communications were to end,
this portion of the combined companies' business may not be able to enter into
alternative arrangements with third parties or to internally develop content
and services to replace the benefits received from the relationship with
Hearst Communications.

   The relationship between iVillage and Hearst Communications following the
merger will be governed by a magazine content license and hosting agreement.
While this agreement will continue to provide iVillage with benefits during
its three-year term, iVillage may not enjoy benefits from the relationship
with Hearst Communications beyond the term of this agreement, including the
benefits Women.com has derived and the combined companies expect to derive
from Hearst Communications' reputation, online content and cross-promotional
activities.

   Women.com has depended, and the combined companies will depend, on Hearst
Communications to assist with the effective marketing and promotion of various
Hearst magazine sites that have been part of the Women.com network. If Hearst
Communications fails to do so, iVillage brand identity could be negatively
affected and its business, financial condition and operating results could be
materially harmed. Women.com has also relied and iVillage expects to rely on
Hearst Communications to maintain the quality of its magazine content and to
maintain and expand its magazines' readership base. If the quality or
circulation of Hearst's magazines decline, the content of the iVillage network
would suffer and its business, financial condition and results of operations
could be materially harmed.

   Also, iVillage's ability to enter into sponsorship, advertising or other
business relationships with competitors of Hearst magazines may be adversely
impacted, due to such competitors' reluctance to have their brands and
products promoted on the iVillage network, which will, pursuant to the
magazine content license and hosting agreement, prominently feature Hearst
magazine content and Hearst branding.

   Hearst's right to license its content to other parties and our restrictions
on licensing other third-party content may restrict our ability to compete or
expand our network.

   Pursuant to the merger, iVillage will assume an amended and restated
magazine content license and hosting agreement, which was originally entered
into between Women.com and Hearst Communications. Hearst Communications is
permitted to license the content or trademarks of its magazines to any
Internet site or portal that is not deemed to be an iVillage competitor and is
permitted to use the Hearst content in international editions of its
magazines. A competitor is defined under the magazine content license and
hosting agreement to include any Internet site, channel, area or online
content aggregation service that provides content primarily for women, is
targeted primarily at women, is used primarily by women and is primarily
targeted to any country or region where iVillage is targeted. Any content or
trademark license by Hearst Communications to any third party, or other on-
line business relationship between Hearst Communications and a third party,
could dilute the value of the Hearst magazine content to iVillage. Hearst is
not permitted to grant any entity the right to display on the Internet content
that has appeared on the magazine websites in substantially the same format as
it appeared on the magazine websites (other than materials posted on the
website verbatim to the way it was initially published by Hearst
Communications). In the magazine content license and hosting agreement,
iVillage has agreed that it will not, without the prior written consent of
Hearst:

   o enter into any agreements to include as part of the iVillage network any
     competitive magazine site;

   o display on the Hearst magazine sites that are to be part of the iVillage
     network advertising or other promotional materials from competitive
     magazines of third parties; or

   o display on the same web page of the iVillage network the brands, marks or
     proprietary content of any of the Hearst magazines in question with the
     brands, marks or proprietary content of a competitive magazine in such a
     way that it appears that the Hearst brands, marks or proprietary content
     are co-branded or otherwise affiliated with the brands, marks or
     proprietary content of such competitive magazine.

   iVillage's inability to create new relationships in this sector could impair
iVillage's ability to enhance the visibility of its brand.

   iVillage may not find sufficient acquisition candidates and/or joint venture
partners to implement its business strategy.

   As part of iVillage's business strategy, it has completed and expects to
enter into additional business combinations, acquisitions and joint ventures
after its acquisition of Women.com. iVillage competes for acquisition
candidates and joint venture partners with other entities, some of which have
greater financial resources than it has. Increased competition for acquisition
candidates and joint venture partners may make fewer acquisition and/or joint
venture opportunities available to iVillage and may cause iVillage to make
acquisitions and joint ventures on less attractive terms, such as higher
purchase prices. Acquisition and joint venture costs may increase to levels
that are beyond iVillage's financial capability or that would adversely affect
its results of operations and financial condition. iVillage's ability to make
acquisitions will depend, in part, on the relative attractiveness of shares of
iVillage common stock as consideration for potential acquisition candidates.
This attractiveness may depend largely on the relative market price,
iVillage's ability to register common stock and capital appreciation prospects
of iVillage common stock compared to that of other bidders or potential
partners. Since the market price of iVillage common stock has declined
materially over a prolonged period of time, its acquisition program could be
materially adversely affected.

   International operations are subject to additional risks.

   iVillage's business strategy involves expanding its operations to numerous
foreign jurisdictions and as a result of recent joint ventures a portion of
its operations are conducted and located abroad. iVillage has had limited
experience with operations abroad and it has limited information available to
evaluate its prospects abroad. International operations and business expansion
plans are subject to numerous additional risks, including the impact of
foreign government regulations, currency fluctuations, political
uncertainties, social instability, differences in business practices or other
developments not typical of investments in the United States. There can be no
assurance that foreign governments will not adopt regulations or take other
actions that would have a direct or indirect adverse impact on iVillage's
business or market opportunities within such countries. Furthermore,

there can be no assurance that the political, cultural and economic climate
outside the United States will be favorable to iVillage's operations and
business strategy.

   In addition, as a United States corporation, iVillage is subject to the
regulations imposed by the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act - the FCPA - which
generally prohibits United States companies and their intermediaries from
making improper payments to foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining or
keeping business. Any determination that iVillage has violated the FCPA could
have a material adverse effect on it.

   As a result of iVillage's recent joint ventures, its operations have been
exposed to foreign competition. Many of these competitors have substantially
greater financial resources than iVillage does. In addition, many of these
competitors have a significant operating history in the jurisdictions in which
iVillage is seeking to establish itself. There can be no assurance that
iVillage will be able to successfully compete in any foreign jurisdiction or
against such competitors.

   iVillage may be sued for information published on its Web sites.

   iVillage has been and may be subject to claims for defamation, negligence,
copyright or trademark infringement, personal injury or other legal theories
relating to the information it publishes on its Web sites. These types of
claims have been brought, sometimes successfully, against online services as
well as other print publications in the past. iVillage could also be subjected
to claims based upon the content that is accessible from its Web sites through
links to other Web sites or through content and materials that may be posted
by members in chat rooms or bulletin boards. iVillage also offers e-mail
services through a third party vendor, which may subject it to potential
risks, such as liabilities or claims resulting from unsolicited e-mail, lost
or misdirected messages, illegal or fraudulent use of e-mail or interruptions
or delays in e-mail service. iVillage's insurance, which covers commercial
general liability, may not adequately protect it against these types of
claims.

   iVillage may incur potential product liability for the products it sells.

   Consumers may sue iVillage if any of the products that it sold before its
recent sale of assets related to its iBaby site, or before its divestiture of
its iMaternity and PlusBoutique sites, were defective, fail to perform
properly or injure the user. iVillage may also face potential liability in
connection with the sale of products and services by its e-commerce partners.
To date, iVillage has had very limited experience in the sale of products and
the development of relationships with manufacturers or suppliers. iVillage
plans to develop a range of products targeted specifically at women through
Astrology.com and Lamaze Publishing and other e-commerce sites that it may
acquire in the future. iVillage also may foster relationships with
manufacturers or companies to offer these products directly on iVillage.com.
Such a strategy involves numerous risks and uncertainties. Although iVillage's
agreements with manufacturers typically contain provisions intended to limit
its exposure to liability claims, these limitations may not prevent all
potential claims. In addition, through iVillage.com, Lamaze Publishing and
iVillage Integrated Properties, Inc., iVillage distributes publications and
broadcast over its Web sites and the Newborn Channel, information and
instructions regarding healthcare, childbirth, infant care and financial and
tax issues. iVillage may be exposed to liability claims in connection with the
information it provides. Liability claims could require iVillage to spend
significant time and money in litigation and to pay significant damages. As a
result, liability claims, whether or not successful, could seriously damage
iVillage's reputation and business.

   There is intense competition among Internet-based businesses and publishing
companies focused on women and this competition could result in price
reductions, reduced margins or loss of market share.

   The number of Web sites competing for the attention and spending of members,
users and advertisers has increased and iVillage expects it to continue to
increase. iVillage's Web sites compete for members, users and advertisers with
the following types of companies:

   o online services or Web sites targeted at women, such as Oxygen.com and
     condenet.com;

   o cable networks targeting women, such as Oxygen Media, Inc. and Lifetime
     Television;

   o Web search and retrieval and other online service companies, commonly
     referred to as portals, such as America Online, Inc., Terra Networks,
     S.A. and Yahoo! Inc.;

   o e-commerce companies such as Amazon.com; and

   o publishers and distributors of traditional media, such as television,
     radio and print.

   Increased competition could result in price reductions, reduced margins or
loss of market share, any of which could adversely affect iVillage's business,
results of operations and financial condition.

   Lamaze Publishing's magazines directly compete with publishers of pre-and
post-natal publications such as Gruner and Jahr, Primedia and Time Warner.
These publishers have substantially greater marketing, research and financial
resources than Lamaze Publishing. Increased competition may result in less
advertising in Lamaze Publishing's magazines and a decline in Lamaze
Publishing's advertising rates, which could adversely affect its business,
results of operations and financial condition.

   iVillage's uncertain sales cycles could adversely affect its business.

   The time between the date of initial contact with a potential advertiser or
sponsor and the execution of a contract with the advertiser or sponsor is
often lengthy, typically six weeks for smaller agreements and longer for
larger agreements, and is subject to delays over which iVillage has little or
no control, including:

   o advertisers' and sponsors' budgetary constraints;

   o advertisers' and sponsors' internal acceptance reviews;

   o the success and continued internal support of advertisers' and sponsors'
     own development efforts; and

   o the possibility of cancellation or delay of projects by advertisers or
     sponsors.

   During the sales cycle, iVillage may expend substantial funds and management
resources and yet not obtain sponsorship or advertising revenues. Accordingly,
iVillage's results of operations for a particular period may be adversely
affected if sales to advertisers or sponsors forecasted in a particular period
are delayed or do not otherwise occur.

   America Online investments may result in conflicts of interest for America
Online that could be adverse to iVillage.

   America Online has invested in Oxygen Media, an Internet and television
company that is developing cable and interactive content for women and
children. In addition, Oxygen Media has acquired from America Online the
assets of electra.com, an online women's network, and Thrive Partners LLC, the
operator of thriveonline.com, a health site. The relationship between America
Online and Oxygen Media and America Online and other Internet companies may
result in a conflict of interest for America Online, which may not be resolved
in iVillage's favor. In addition, other principal investors in iVillage may
have similar conflicts of interests by virtue of their other investments.

   If iVillage fails to attract and retain key personnel, its business would be
materially and adversely affected.

   iVillage's future success depends to a significant extent on the continued
services of its senior management and other key personnel, particularly,
Douglas McCormick, its chief executive officer. iVillage currently does not
maintain "key person" life insurance for any of its personnel. The loss of the
services of Mr. McCormick or other key employees would likely harm iVillage's
business.

   iVillage may be unable to retain its key employees or attract, assimilate or
retain other highly qualified employees in the future. iVillage has from time
to time experienced, and expects to continue to experience difficulty in
hiring and retaining highly skilled employees with appropriate qualifications
as a result of its rapid growth and expansion and its relatively low stock
price. As a result, iVillage incurred increased salaries, benefits and
recruiting expenses for the years ended December 31, 2000 and 1999. If
iVillage does not succeed in attracting new personnel or retaining and
motivating its current personnel, its business will be adversely affected.

   iVillage's business will be harmed if Internet usage does not continue to
grow.

   iVillage's market is new and rapidly evolving. iVillage's business would be
adversely affected if Internet usage does not continue to grow, particularly
usage by women. A number of factors may inhibit Internet usage, including:

   o inadequate network infrastructure;

   o security concerns;

   o inconsistent quality of service;

   o lack of availability of cost-effective, high-speed service;

   o consumers returning to traditional or alternative sources for
     information, shopping and services; and

   o privacy concerns, including those related to the ability of Web sites to
     gather information about users without their knowledge or consent.

   If Internet usage continues to grow significantly, the Internet
infrastructure may not be able to support the demands placed on it by this
growth and its performance and reliability may decline. In addition, Web sites
have experienced interruptions in their services as a result of outages and
other delays occurring throughout the Internet network infrastructure. If
these outages and delays frequently occur in the future, Internet usage, as
well as the usage of iVillage Web sites, could grow more slowly or decline.

   iVillage may be unable to respond to the rapid technological change in its
industry.

   iVillage's market is characterized by rapidly changing technologies,
frequent new product and service introductions and evolving industry
standards. The recent growth of the Internet and intense competition in
iVillage's industry exacerbate these market characteristics. To achieve its
goals, iVillage needs to effectively integrate the various software programs
and tools required to enhance and improve its product offerings and manage its
business. iVillage's future success will depend on its ability to adapt to
rapidly changing technologies by continually improving the performance
features and reliability of its services. iVillage may experience difficulties
that could delay or prevent the successful development, introduction or
marketing of new products and services. In addition, iVillage's new
enhancements must meet the requirements of its current and prospective users
and must achieve significant market acceptance. iVillage also could incur
substantial costs if it needs to modify its services or infrastructures to
adapt to these changes.

   Government regulation and legal uncertainties could add additional costs to
doing business on the Internet.

   There are currently few laws or regulations that specifically regulate
communications or commerce on the Internet. However, laws and regulations may
be adopted in the future that address issues such as user privacy, pricing and
taxation, content, copyrights, distribution, antitrust matters and the
characteristics and quality of products and services. For example, the
Telecommunications Act sought to prohibit transmitting various types of
information and content over the Internet. Several telecommunications
companies have petitioned the Federal Communications Commission to regulate
Internet service providers and online service providers in a manner similar to
long distance telephone carriers and to impose access fees on those companies.
This could increase the cost of transmitting data over the Internet. Moreover,
it may take years to determine the extent to which existing laws relating to
issues such as property ownership, obscenity, libel and personal privacy are
applicable to the Internet or the application of laws and regulations from
jurisdictions whose laws do not currently apply to iVillage's business. Any
new laws or regulations relating to the Internet could adversely affect
iVillage's business.

   In addition, it has been reported that the Labor Department is investigating
the use of volunteers on Web sites. iVillage uses volunteers as Web site
community leaders and there can be no assurance that new government
regulations will not require iVillage to stop using volunteers or,
alternatively, treat them as employees.

   Due to the global nature of the Internet, it is possible that, although
iVillage's transmissions over the Internet originate primarily in New York,
the governments of other states and foreign countries might attempt to
regulate iVillage's business activities. In addition, because iVillage's
service is available over the Internet in multiple states and foreign
countries, these jurisdictions may require iVillage to qualify to do business
as a foreign corporation in each of these states or foreign countries, which
could subject iVillage to taxes and other regulations.

   iVillage may face potential liability for its privacy practices.

   Growing public concern about privacy and the collection, distribution and
use of information about individuals may subject iVillage to increased
regulatory scrutiny and/or litigation. If iVillage is accused of violating the
stated terms of its privacy policy it may be forced to expend significant
amounts of monetary and human resources to defend against any such
accusations. iVillage also may be required to make changes to its present and
planned products or services. These consequences, together with any resulting
liability for iVillage's privacy practices, could have a material adverse
effect on iVillage's business, financial condition and results of operations.

   The business of the combined company would be harmed if its systems fail or
experience a slowdown.

   Substantially all of iVillage's communications hardware and some of its
other computer hardware operations are located at Exodus Communications,
Inc.'s facilities in New Jersey and Verio, Inc.'s facilities in California.
Fire, floods, earthquakes, power loss (including as a result of rolling
blackouts), telecommunications failures, break-ins and similar events could
damage these systems and the systems used by Women.com. For example, in May
and June 1999, user access to Women.com's pregnancy channel was disrupted as a
result of a system failure. System failures may adversely affect the combined
company's user traffic results, which could adversely affect its revenues and
operating results and harm its reputation with users, advertisers and commerce
partners. Computer viruses, electronic break-ins or other similar disruptive
problems, such as those historically experienced by several leading Web sites,
could also adversely affect iVillage's Web sites. California is in the midst
of an energy crisis that could disrupt the operation of iVillage's Web sites
and increase its expenses. iVillage's insurance policies may not adequately
compensate it for any losses that may occur due to any failures or
interruptions in its systems. iVillage does not presently have any secondary
"off-site" systems or a formal disaster recovery plan.

   iVillage's Web sites must accommodate a high volume of traffic and deliver
frequently updated information. iVillage's Web sites have in the past
experienced slower response times or decreased traffic for a variety of
reasons. These occurrences have not had a material impact on iVillage's
business. These types of occurrences in the future could cause users to
perceive iVillage's Web sites as not functioning properly and therefore cause
them to use another Web site or other methods to obtain information.

   In addition, iVillage's users depend on Internet service providers, online
service providers and other Web site operators for access to iVillage's Web
sites. Many of them have experienced significant outages in the past, and
could experience outages, delays and other difficulties due to system failures
unrelated to iVillage's systems.

   iVillage may not be able to deliver various services if third parties fail
to provide reliable software, systems and related services to it.

   iVillage is dependent on various third parties for software, systems and
related services. For example, iVillage relies on Doubleclick Inc.'s software
for the placement of advertisements, Trellix Corporation for personal space
home pages and Critical Path Inc. for e-mail. Several of the third parties
which provide software and services to iVillage have a limited operating
history, have relatively immature technology and are themselves dependent on
reliable delivery of services from others. As a result, iVillage's ability to
deliver various services to its users may be adversely affected by the failure
of these third parties to provide reliable software, systems and related
services to it.

   iVillage may be liable if third parties misappropriate its users' personal
information.

   If third parties were able to penetrate iVillage's network security or
otherwise misappropriate its users' personal information or credit card
information, iVillage could be subject to liability arising from claims
related to, among other things, unauthorized purchases with credit card
information, impersonation or other similar fraud claims or other misuse of
personal information, such as for unauthorized marketing purposes. In
addition, the Federal Trade Commission and state agencies have been
investigating various Internet companies regarding their use of personal
information. iVillage could incur additional expenses if new regulations
regarding the use of personal information are introduced or if its privacy
practices are investigated.

   Internet security concerns could hinder e-commerce.

   The need to securely transmit confidential information over the Internet has
been a significant barrier to electronic commerce and communications over the
Internet. Any well-publicized compromise of security could deter people from
using the Internet or using it to conduct transactions that involve
transmitting confidential information. iVillage may incur significant costs to
protect against the threat of security breaches or to alleviate problems
caused by such breaches.

   iVillage's operation of Lamaze Publishing and the Newborn Channel poses a
number of risks that could materially adversely affect its business strategy.

   There are a number of risks in operating Lamaze Publishing and the Newborn
Channel, which are non-Internet businesses, including:

   o the competitiveness of the media and publishing industry;

   o iVillage's limited experience in operating a multi-media publishing
     company;

   o iVillage's ability to identify and predict trends in a timely manner that
     may impact consumer tastes in baby-related information in Lamaze
     Publishing's publications and iVillage's Newborn Channel;

   o iVillage's ability to continue to sell advertising and sponsorships on
     iVillage's Web sites and in Lamaze Publishing's magazines, videos and Web
     site, and iVillage's Newborn Channel;

   o iVillage's ability to continue to commercialize and protect the Lamaze
     mark;

   o iVillage's ability to maintain and market the Lamaze.com Web site; and

   iVillage's inability to perform the functions required for the operation of
Lamaze Publishing and the Newborn Channel in an efficient and timely manner
could result in a disruption of operations of Lamaze Publishing and the
Newborn Channel that could have a material adverse effect on iVillage's
business strategy.

   Satellite transmissions over the Newborn Channel may be interrupted.

   Through iVillage Integrated Properties, iVillage operates the Newborn
Channel, a satellite television network broadcast in over 1,000 hospitals in
the United States. There is a risk that the satellite from which the
transmission is sent may malfunction, interrupting the Newborn Channel's
broadcasts. In the event this occurs, there may be a period of time before the
Newborn Channel can transmit to and from another satellite. Any interruption
in iVillage's ability to transmit the Newborn Channel could have an adverse
impact on its business. In addition, extreme adverse weather could damage
receivers and transmitters on the ground, thereby hindering transmissions.

   Consumer protection privacy regulations could impair iVillage's ability to
obtain information about its users.

   iVillage's network captures information regarding its members in order to
tailor content to them and assist advertisers in targeting their advertising
campaigns to particular demographic groups. However, privacy concerns may
cause users to resist providing the personal data necessary to support this
tailoring capability. Even the perception of security and privacy concerns,
whether or not valid, may indirectly inhibit market acceptance of iVillage's
network. In addition, legislative or regulatory requirements may heighten
these concerns if businesses must notify Internet users that the data may be
used by marketing entities to direct product promotion and advertising to the
user. Other countries and political entities, such as the European Economic
Community, have adopted such legislation or regulatory requirements. If
consumer privacy concerns are not adequately addressed, iVillage's business,
financial condition and results of operations could be materially harmed.

   iVillage's network uses cookies to track user behavior and preferences. A
cookie is information keyed to a specific server, file pathway or directory
location that is stored on a user's hard drive, possibly without the user's
knowledge, but is generally removable by the user. Germany has imposed laws
limiting the use of cookies, and a number of Internet commentators, advocates
and governmental bodies in the United States and other countries have urged
the passage of laws limiting or abolishing the use of cookies. If these laws
are passed, iVillage's business, financial condition and results of operations
could be materially harmed.

   Possible infringement of intellectual property rights could harm iVillage's
business.

   iVillage cannot be certain that the steps it has taken to protect its
intellectual property rights will be adequate or that third parties will not
infringe or misappropriate its proprietary rights. Any infringement or
misappropriation could have a material adverse effect on iVillage's future
financial results. In addition, iVillage has from time to time become involved
in intellectual property disputes with third parties that may not result in a
favorable outcome for iVillage.

   iVillage could be subject to possible infringement actions based upon its
use of domain names, its content and content licensed from others.

   iVillage has invested resources in acquiring domain names for existing and
potential future use. iVillage cannot guarantee that it will be entitled to
use such names under applicable trademark and similar laws or that other
desired domain names will be available. Furthermore, enforcing iVillage's
intellectual property rights could entail significant expense and could prove
difficult or impossible. In addition, third parties could assert claims of
patent, trademark or copyright infringement or misappropriation of creative
ideas or formats against iVillage with respect to its use of domain names, its
content, Web page formats, Web business methods or any third-party content it
carries. iVillage expects that participants in its markets increasingly will
be subject to infringement claims as the number of services and competitors in
its industry segment grows. Any claims, with or without merit, could be time
consuming to defend, result in costly litigation, divert management attention,
require iVillage to enter into costly royalty or licensing arrangements or
prevent it from using important technologies, ideas or formats, any of which
could materially harm iVillage's business, financial condition or results of
operations.

   Several members of senior management have only recently joined iVillage.

   Several members of iVillage's senior management joined the company in 2000
and have not previously worked together. As a result, iVillage's senior
managers are continuing to become integrated as a management team and may not
work together effectively as a team to successfully manage iVillage's growth.

                           FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

   We have included in this joint proxy/prospectus certain "forward-looking
statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act
of 1995 concerning the business, operations and financial condition of
iVillage, Women.com and the combined companies. The words or phrases "can be,"
"expects," "may affect," "may depend," "believes," "estimate," "project," and
similar words and phrases are intended to identify such forward-looking
statements. Such forward-looking statements are subject to various known and
unknown risks and uncertainties and we caution you that any forward-looking
information provided by or on behalf of us is not a guarantee of future
performance.

   Actual results could differ materially from those anticipated by such
forward-looking statements due to a number of factors, some of which are
beyond our control, in addition to those risks discussed below and in our
other public filings, press releases and statements by management, including:

   o the volatile and competitive nature of the Internet industry;

   o changes in domestic and foreign economic and market conditions;

   o the effect of federal, state and foreign regulation on our business;

   o the impact of recent and future acquisitions on our business and
     financial condition;

   o intellectual property and other claims;

   o the possibility that the merger will not be consummated;

   o the possibility that the anticipated benefits from the merger will not be
     fully realized;

   o the possibility that costs or difficulties related to the integration of
     Women.com and iVillage will be greater than expected; and

   o our ability to establish and maintain relationships with advertisers,
     sponsors and other third party providers and partners.

   All forward-looking statements are current only as of the date on which such
statements were made. We do not undertake any obligation to publicly update
any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the
date on which any such statement is made or to reflect the occurrence of
unanticipated events.

                            THE STOCKHOLDER MEETINGS

Information about the Special Meetings and Voting

   The iVillage board of directors is using this joint proxy statement/
prospectus to solicit proxies from iVillage stockholders for use at the
iVillage special meeting and to offer the rights to Women.com stockholders.
The Women.com board of directors is using this joint proxy statement/
prospectus to solicit proxies from Women.com stockholders for use at the
Women.com special meeting of stockholders.

Matters Relating to the Special Meetings

                     Time and Place of the Special Meetings

    iVillage Special Meeting                            Women.com Special Meeting
    Thursday, March 29, 2001                             Thursday, March 29, 2001
     ____ a.m., local time                                ____ a.m., local time
          ____________                                         ____________
       New York, New York                                 _________, California

       Purpose of the Special Meetings is to Vote on the Following Items

                    iVillage Special Meeting                                    Women.com Special Meeting

  o A proposal to approve  and adopt the merger agreement and the      o A proposal to  approve and adopt  the merger
    transactions contemplated by  the merger agreement, including        agreement and the  transactions contemplated
    the  merger, the issuance of shares of iVillage  common stock        by  the  merger   agreement,  including  the
    pursuant  to the merger  agreement, the issuance of  iVillage        merger.
    common  stock and warrants to purchase iVillage  common stock
    pursuant  to a related securities purchase  agreement between
    iVillage  and Hearst Communications, and the  rights offering
    to Women.com stockholders.

  o A   proposal  to  amend   iVillage's  amended  and   restated
    certificate  of  incorporation  to  increase  the  number  of
    authorized  shares of iVillage  common stock from  65,000,000
    to 200,000,000.

                      Record Date for the Special Meetings

   Holders of record of shares of iVillage common stock or shares of Women.com
common stock, as appropriate, at the close of business on February 27, 2001
will be entitled to vote at the applicable special stockholder meeting.

                     Outstanding Shares on the Record Date

                    iVillage Special Meeting                                    Women.com Special Meeting

   As of  the record  date, there  were ____________  outstanding      As of the record date, there were ____________
shares of iVillage common stock entitled to vote  at the iVillage   outstanding  shares  of  Women.com  common  stock
special meeting.                                                    entitled   to  vote  at   the  Women.com  special
                                                                    meeting.

                Shares Entitled to Vote at the Special Meetings

                    iVillage Special Meeting                                    Women.com Special Meeting

   Each share of  iVillage common  stock that you  own as of  the      Each share of Women.com  common stock that you
record date entitles you to one vote.                               own  as of  the record date  entitles you  to one
                                                                    vote.

                  Quorum Requirement for the Special Meetings

                    iVillage Special Meeting                                    Women.com Special Meeting

   A quorum  of  iVillage stockholders  is  necessary to  hold  a      A   quorum   of  Women.com   stockholders   is
valid iVillage special meeting.                                     necessary  to  hold  a  valid  Women.com  special
                                                                    meeting.

   The presence  in person or  by proxy at  the iVillage  special      The  presence in  person  or by  proxy  at the
meeting  of holders  of  a majority  of  the shares  of  iVillage   Women.com   special  meeting  of   holders  of  a
common stock entitled to vote at the iVillage  special meeting is   majority of the  shares of Women.com common stock
necessary for  a quorum. Abstentions  and broker non-votes  count   entitled   to  vote  at   the  Women.com  special
as present for establishing a quorum.                               meeting  is necessary  for a  quorum. Abstentions
                                                                    and   broker  non-votes  count   as  present  for
                                                                    establishing a quorum.

   A  "broker non-vote"  occurs  when  a  corporation  submits  a      A "broker non-vote"  occurs when a corporation
proposal  for  a  "non-routine"  matter  and  a   broker  is  not   submits  a  proposal for  a  "non-routine" matter
permitted to vote  on that proposal without instruction  from the   and  a broker  is not permitted  to vote  on that
beneficial owner of the shares and no instruction  is given. Each   proposal without  instruction from the beneficial
of  iVillage's  proposals  is  considered  to  be  a  non-routine   owner of the  shares and no instruction is given.
matter.                                                             Women.com's proposal  is considered to  be a non-
                                                                    routine matter.

         Shares Beneficially Owned by iVillage and Women.com Directors
                  and Executive Officers as of the Record Date

                    iVillage Special Meeting                                    Women.com Special Meeting

   As  of the  record  date,  iVillage  directors  and  executive      As of the record date, Women.com directors and
officers beneficially owned __________ shares  of iVillage common   executive  officers beneficially  owned _________
stock. These shares  represent approximately ____% of the  shares   shares  of Women.com  common stock.  These shares
of iVillage common stock outstanding as of the record date.         represent  approximately _____% of  the shares of
                                                                    Women.com  common  stock  outstanding  as of  the
                                                                    record date.

   These individuals have advised iVillage that they intend to
vote all of their shares of iVillage common stock in favor of          These individuals have  advised Women.com that
the merger proposal and the proposal to increase the number of      they  intend to  vote their  shares  of Women.com
authorized shares of iVillage common stock.                         common stock in favor of the merger proposal.

   As of the record date, AOL Time Warner Inc., National
Broadcasting Company, Inc., GE Investments Subsidiary, Inc. and
Rho Management Trust I beneficially owned an aggregate of              As of  the record date,  Hearst Communications
approximately ___% of the outstanding shares of iVillage common     beneficially  owned  approximately  ___%  of  the
stock. These four iVillage stockholders have entered into voting    outstanding  shares  of  Women.com common  stock.
agreements with iVillage pursuant to which they have agreed to      Hearst  Communications has entered  into a voting
vote all such shares in favor of the merger proposal and they       agreement  with  iVillage  that  provides,  among
have advised iVillage that they will vote all such shares in        other things,  that it will vote  in favor of the
favor of the proposal to increase iVillage's authorized common      merger    agreement    and    the    transactions
stock.                                                              contemplated by the merger agreement.

                   Votes Necessary at the Special Meetings to
                    Approve iVillage and Women.com Proposals

                 iVillage Special Meeting                                 Women.com Special Meeting

   Approval of the  merger agreement  and the transactions       Approval  of  the  merger  agreement  and  the
contemplated  by  the   merger  agreement,  including  the    transactions   contemplated    by   the    merger
merger, the  issuance of  shares of  iVillage common stock    agreement,  including the  merger,  requires  the
pursuant to  the merger agreement, the  issuance of shares    approval  of the  holders of  a  majority of  the
of iVillage common stock and warrants to purchase iVillage    shares of  Women.com common stock  outstanding as
common stock pursuant to the securities purchase agreement    of the record date.
between  iVillage   and  Hearst   Communications  and  the
issuance of  shares of iVillage common  stock and warrants       Abstentions  and  broker  non-votes   will  be
to purchase  iVillage common stock pursuant  to the rights    treated  as votes  cast and  will  have the  same
offering to Women.com  stockholders, requires the approval    effect as votes against the merger proposal.
of the  holders of  a majority  of the  shares of iVillage
common stock outstanding on the record date.

   Approval of  the  amendment to  iVillage's  amended and
restated  certificate   of  incorporation  increasing  the
authorized  number  of  shares  of  iVillage common  stock
requires the approval of  the holders of a majority of the
shares  of iVillage  common  stock outstanding  as  of the
record date.

   Abstentions and  broker  non-votes will  be  treated as
votes cast  and will  have the  same effect  as votes cast
against each of the proposals.

   The iVillage board of directors recommends that you vote:

   o FOR the approval and adoption of the merger agreement and the
     transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, including the merger,
     the issuance of shares of iVillage common stock pursuant to the merger
     agreement, the issuance of iVillage common stock and warrants pursuant to
     the securities purchase agreement between iVillage and Hearst
     Communications and the issuance of iVillage common stock and warrants
     pursuant to the rights offering to Women.com stockholders, and

   o FOR the amendment to iVillage's amended and restated certificate of
     incorporation increasing the authorized number of shares of iVillage
     common stock from 65,000,000 to 200,000,000.

   The Women.com board of directors recommends that you vote FOR approval and
adoption of the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the
merger agreement, including the merger.

   Approval by iVillage stockholders and Women.com stockholders of the merger
agreement and the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, including
the merger and the issuance of shares of iVillage common stock pursuant to the
merger agreement, are conditions to completion of the merger.

Voting by Proxy

   You may vote in person at your special meeting or by proxy. We recommend you
vote by proxy even if you plan to attend your special meeting. You can always
change your vote at your special meeting.

   You may vote by completing and mailing the enclosed proxy card, by
telephoning the toll-free number included on the enclosed proxy card, or by
Internet in accordance with the instructions on the enclosed proxy card. When
you use the telephone or Internet systems, the selected system will verify
that you are a stockholder through the use of a unique control number that is
assigned to you. The telephone and Internet systems allow you to instruct the
proxies how to vote your shares and to confirm that your instructions have
been properly recorded. If you properly submit your proxy to iVillage or
Women.com, as applicable, in time to vote or vote by telephone or Internet,
one of the individuals named as your proxy will vote your shares of common
stock as you have directed. You may vote for or against the proposal or
proposals submitted at your special meeting or abstain from voting.

   If you hold shares of common stock through a broker or other custodian,
please follow the voting instructions for the voting form used by that firm.
If you submit your proxy but do not make specific choices, your proxy will
follow your board of directors' recommendations and your shares will be voted
for their recommendations.

Revoking Your Proxy

   You may revoke your proxy before it is voted by:

   o submitting a new proxy with a later date or changing your vote by
     telephone or by Internet;

   o notifying your company's corporate secretary in writing before your
     special meeting that you have revoked your proxy; or

   o voting in person at your special meeting.

Additional Information

   Voting in Person.  If you plan to attend your stockholder meeting and wish
to vote in person, we will give you a ballot at your meeting. However, if your
shares of common stock are held in the name of a brokerage firm or trustee,
you must obtain from the firm or trustee an account statement, letter or other
evidence of your beneficial ownership of the shares of common stock.

   Proxy Solicitation.  We will each pay our own costs of soliciting proxies.
In addition to this mailing, iVillage and Women.com employees may solicit
proxies personally, electronically or by telephone. iVillage has also retained
a professional proxy solicitation firm, D. F. King & Co., Inc., to assist in
the solicitation of proxies at an estimated cost of $6,500, plus certain out-
of-pocket expenses.

   The extent to which these proxy soliciting efforts will be necessary depends
upon how promptly proxies are submitted. You should submit your proxy by mail,
telephone or Internet. We also will reimburse brokers and other nominees for
their expenses in sending these materials to you and getting your voting
instructions.

   Do not send in any Women.com stock certificates with your proxy cards. The
exchange agent will mail to each Women.com stockholder of record a transmittal
form with instructions for the surrender of stock certificates for shares of
Women.com common stock as soon as practicable after the completion of the
merger.

   iVillage stockholders are not to submit their stock certificates in
connection with the merger.

Other Business; Adjournments and Postponements

   No business other than that specified in the notice of special meeting may
be brought before or acted upon at either stockholder meeting.

   Adjournments or postponements of the stockholder meetings may be made for
the purpose of, among other things, soliciting additional proxies. Any
adjournment may be made from time to time by approval of the stockholders
representing a majority of the votes present in person or by proxy at the
applicable stockholder meeting, whether or not a quorum exists, without
further notice other than by an announcement made at the stockholder meeting.

                                   THE MERGER

Background of the Merger

   During the course of the prior three years, various senior management
personnel of iVillage have been involved from time to time in discussions with
members of management of Hearst Communications and Women.com regarding a
variety of topics related to their businesses, including possible business
combinations.

   On August 2, 2000, Douglas W. McCormick, Chief Executive Officer of
iVillage, met with Alfred Sikes, one of Hearst Communications' representatives
on the board of directors of Women.com, to discuss a variety of topics related
to the iVillage and Women.com businesses, including possible business
combinations, but no agreements were reached.

   On August 9, 2000, Mr. McCormick met with Marleen McDaniel, Chief Executive
Officer of Women.com, to discuss a variety of topics related to the iVillage
and Women.com businesses, including possible business combinations, but no
agreements were reached.

   On December 7, 2000, Mr. Sikes, Ms. McDaniel, and Cole Bader from Morgan
Stanley Dean Witter, Women.com's financial advisor at the time, met with Mr.
McCormick, and Steven A. Elkes, Executive Vice President--Operations and
Business Affairs of iVillage, to discuss the possibility of iVillage and
Women.com entering into a business combination. The meeting concluded without
agreement and no additional meetings or discussions were scheduled.

   On December 21, 2000, Mr. Sikes and Mr. McCormick met again to discuss the
possibility of a transaction between Women.com and iVillage.

   On January 15, 2001, Mr. Sikes, James Asher, another of Hearst
Communications' representatives on the board of directors of Women.com, and
Mr. McCormick met to discuss the possibility of a transaction between
Women.com and iVillage.

   On January 17, 2001, the board of directors of iVillage met to consider
several matters of business including, among other things, preliminary
discussions regarding the form of and parameters for any proposed business
combination with Women.com. At this meeting, Mr. McCormick and other members
of senior management discussed the proposed transaction alternatives with the
board, including the strategic reasons for the proposed transaction. Upon
completion of its deliberations, the board of directors of iVillage authorized
and directed Mr. McCormick and other members of senior management to pursue
further discussions with Hearst Communications and Women.com within certain
acceptable parameters.

   On January 18, 2001, the board of directors of Women.com held their
regularly scheduled board meeting. Several different strategic options were
discussed regarding the future of Women.com. Salomon Smith Barney, Women.com's
financial advisor, gave a presentation regarding strategic options. A
representative of Cooley Godward LLP, Women.com's outside legal counsel,
discussed the board's fiduciary duties in considering a strategic business
combination. The Women.com board of directors then directed Ms. McDaniel to
pursue discussions with iVillage with respect to a possible merger transaction
with iVillage.

   On January 22, 2000, Mr. McCormick, Mr. Elkes and Scott Levine, Chief
Financial Officer of iVillage, discussed with Allen & Company Incorporated,
iVillage's financial advisor, and various individual board members the
advantages and disadvantages of various types of business combinations.

   On January 22, 2001, Ms. McDaniel, Mr. Sikes, Mr. Asher and Barry Weinman,
another member of the board of directors of Women.com, spoke by telephone
regarding the possibility of pursuing a transaction with iVillage.

   On January 22, 2001, Mr. McCormick spoke by telephone with Mr. Sikes, Mr.
Asher and Mr. Weinman to discuss the potential of proceeding with discussions.
During the period of January 17, 2001 through January 24, 2001, there were a
series of telephone calls between Mr. McCormick, members of senior management
of iVillage and Messrs. Sikes and Asher on behalf of Hearst Communications and
Women.com regarding the structure of a proposed transaction, management
issues, corporate governance issues, the proposed exchange ratio, due
diligence issues and the structure of arrangements with Hearst Communications.

   On January 23, 2001, Mr. Sikes, Mr. Asher, Ms. McDaniel and Erin Ruane,
Senior Vice President, Business and Corporate Development of Women.com, met
with Salomon Smith Barney to discuss financial aspects of the proposed
transaction, the structure of the transaction and the fairness of the
transaction from a financial point of view to the Women.com stockholders.

   On January 24, 2001, Mr. McCormick, Mr. Elkes, Mr. Levine, and Jane
Tollinger, iVillage's Senior Vice President of Business Affairs, met with Mr.
Sikes, Ms. McDaniel, Ms. Ruane and Mr. Asher to discuss the specific
structure of the transaction, the exchange ratio, the strategic arrangements
with Hearst Communications and management structure. The meeting concluded
with no agreement.

   On January 25, 2001, Messrs. McCormick, Levine and Elkes, and Ms. Tollinger
met with Messrs. Sikes and Asher and Ronald J. Doerfler, Senior Vice President
and Chief Financial Officer of Hearst Communications, and continued to discuss
specific aspects of the proposed transaction structure, the Hearst
Communications investment issues, the exchange ratio, and management
structure. The meeting concluded with no agreement on specific terms for the
proposed transaction.

   On January 26, 2001, Ms. McDaniel and Mr. Asher briefed by telephone the
Women.com board of directors of the status of the proposed transaction.

   On January 26, 2001, Mr. McCormick spoke by telephone with Mr. Asher
regarding specific aspects of the proposed transaction.

   On January 29, 2001, Mr. McCormick and Mr. Levine spoke by telephone with
Ms. McDaniel and Mr. Sikes regarding specific aspects of the proposed
transaction.

   On January 29, 2001, the board of directors of iVillage held a telephonic
meeting. At the meeting, Mr. McCormick provided a report on the discussions
which had taken place with Women.com and Hearst Communications. Mr. McCormick
also summarized the principal terms and open issues relating to a possible
transaction. A representative of Orrick, Herrington & Sutcliffe LLP,
iVillage's outside legal counsel, discussed the board's fiduciary duties in
considering a strategic business combination and further discussed the
principal terms of a draft agreement and plan of merger.

   On January 29, 2001, iVillage and Women.com signed a confidentiality
agreement regarding the transaction to begin due diligence.

   Beginning the week of January 29, 2001, there were a series of daily
telephone calls between members of senior management of iVillage and members
of senior management of Hearst Communications and Women.com regarding the
terms of the proposed transaction and due diligence matters. In addition,
iVillage, Hearst Communications and Women.com and their respective advisors
intensified due diligence activities and preparation of definitive
documentation. On January 31, 2001, Messrs. McCormick, Elkes and Levine and
Ms. Tollinger met with Messrs. Sikes and Asher to discuss specific aspects of
the transaction.

   From February 1, 2001 through February 5, 2001, representatives of iVillage,
Hearst Communications and Women.com and their respective advisors conducted
due diligence and negotiated definitive documentation.

   On February 2, 2001, the board of directors of iVillage met at the offices
of Orrick, Herrington & Sutcliffe LLP in New York, New York. Mr. McCormick
provided an update of discussions with Hearst Communications and Women.com and
a review of the terms of the transaction and the strategic rationale for the
transaction. Representatives of Allen & Company Incorporated presented to
iVillage's board of directors a summary of its financial analyses of the
transaction. In addition, Allen & Company delivered its oral opinion that the
acquisition of Women.com and the investment of an aggregate of $20.0 million
by Hearst Communications and other Women.com stockholders in iVillage through
a rights offering pursuant to the proposed merger agreement and the related
agreements was fair, from a financial point of view, to iVillage.
Representatives of Orrick, Herrington & Sutcliffe LLP then reviewed the
directors' fiduciary duties and summarized the principal terms of the proposed
agreements. After its deliberations, the board of directors directed senior
management to continue discussions with Hearst Communications and Women.com.

   On February 4, 2001, the board of directors of iVillage again convened by
telephone to review the status of the negotiations. Mr. McCormick and
representatives of Orrick, Herrington & Sutcliffe LLP provided an update

on the status of the proposed transaction and the terms of the proposed
agreements. Mr. McCormick also summarized the issues upon which the parties
had not yet reached agreement.

   On February 5, 2001, the board of directors of iVillage held a telephonic
board meeting. Mr. McCormick provided the board with an update on the
negotiations and the unresolved issues. A representative of Allen & Company
addressed certain aspects of the unresolved issues and delivered its opinion
as to the fairness of the merger to iVillage. After its deliberations, the
iVillage board of directors approved the merger agreement and the related
agreements and the transactions contemplated by those agreements; declared
them advisable and resolved to recommend that iVillage's stockholders approve
and adopt the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the merger
agreement, including the merger, the issuance of shares of iVillage common
stock to be received by stockholders of Women.com pursuant to the merger
agreement, the issuance of iVillage common stock and warrants pursuant to a
securities purchase agreement between iVillage and Hearst Communications, and
the rights offering to Women.com stockholders.

   On February 5, 2001, the board of directors of Women.com held a telephonic
board meeting at 9:30 a.m., Pacific time. Representatives of Cooley Godward
LLP, Women.com's outside legal counsel, and representatives of Salomon Smith
Barney were also present. Mr. Asher provided an update on the status of the
transaction and the terms of the transaction. Following the presentation, a
representative of Salomon Smith Barney reviewed the terms of the transaction
and discussed its fairness opinion. A representative of Cooley Godward then
reviewed some of the documentation and timing for the transaction. After
discussions and deliberations, the board of directors of Women.com approved by
all directors present the merger agreement and the related agreements and the
transactions contemplated by those agreements; declared them advisable and
resolved to recommend that the Women.com stockholders approve and adopt the
merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement,
including the merger and the conversion of shares of Women.com common stock
into shares of iVillage common stock.

   After negotiation of the final terms of the merger agreement and the related
agreements, representatives of each of iVillage and Women.com executed the
merger agreement. In addition, Hearst Communications entered into a securities
purchase agreement with iVillage pursuant to which Hearst Communications
agreed to pay iVillage $20.0 million (subject to adjustment) for iVillage
common stock and warrants to purchase iVillage common stock. Hearst
Communications also entered into a voting agreement with iVillage pursuant to
which Hearst Communications agreed to vote all of its shares of common stock
of Women.com in favor of adoption of the merger. AOL Time Warner Inc.,
National Broadcasting Company, Inc., GE Investments Subsidiary, Inc. and Rho
Management Trust I each entered into voting agreements with iVillage pursuant
to which they agreed to vote all of their shares of common stock of iVillage
in favor of the adoption of the merger.

   On the evening of February 5, 2001, iVillage and Women.com issued a joint
press release announcing the proposed acquisition of Women.com. by iVillage.

Women.com's Reasons for the Merger

   Women.com's board of directors has determined that the terms of the merger
and the merger agreement are fair to and in the best interests of Women.com
and its stockholders, has declared the advisability of the merger agreement
and the transactions contemplated by it and has determined to recommend that
the stockholders of Women.com adopt the merger agreement. In its evaluation of
the merger and the merger agreement, Women.com's board of directors consulted
with Women.com's senior management, as well as its legal and financial
advisors. The decision of the Women.com board of directors to approve the
merger and the merger agreement was based upon several potential benefits of
the merger that Women.com's board believes will contribute to the success of
iVillage following the merger compared to Women.com continuing to operate as
an independent business. Women.com's management has also considered a number
of alternatives for enhancing its business, including acquiring other
companies.

   In addition to the potential benefits described under "iVillage's Reasons
for the Merger" that would be applicable to Women.com stockholders, the
Women.com board believes that additional reasons the merger will be beneficial
to Women.com and its stockholders include the following:

   o the merger would provide Women.com stockholders with shares of iVillage
     common stock in a taxable event, which will allow stockholders to realize
     losses, which are currently unrealized, upon the date of the completion
     of the merger;

   o the availability to iVillage following the merger of greater resources to
     continue to establish, expand and support advertisement sales,
     distribution, and editorial on and through the Women.com web site;

   o the potential synergies created from combining the audience reach,
     distribution and other strengths developed by iVillage with the brand and
     consumer relationships built by Women.com;

   o the ability to merge the complementary content of iVillage and Women.com
     and create a targeted, highly-relevant destination for women on the Web;

   o upon completion of the merger, the increased market share of iVillage
     would enable it to compete more effectively against content aggregators,
     including AOL, Yahoo! and MSN; and

   o the increased ability to more easily raise funds to continue operations
     and company growth.

   Women.com's board reviewed a number of factors in evaluating the merger,
including, but not limited to, the following:

   o information concerning the financial performance and condition, results
     of operations, competitive position, management and business of iVillage
     and Women.com before and after giving effect to the merger;

   o the disadvantages to Women.com of being a small public company, in that
     its capital structure as a small public company makes it difficult to
     support its capital requirements;

   o current financial market conditions and historical market prices,
     volatility and trading information with respect to iVillage common stock
     and Women.com common stock;

   o the consideration iVillage will issue in the merger in light of
     comparable merger transactions;

   o the belief that the consideration offered by iVillage was the most that
     iVillage was willing to offer;

   o the belief that no third party would be willing to offer more than
     iVillage for the shares of Women.com, based on the fact that iVillage
     fully understands Women.com's business plan, is fully aware of its future
     prospects and is in a better position to appreciate its long-term
     potential than any other potential buyer;

   o the belief that the terms of the merger agreement and related agreements
     are reasonable;

   o the impact of the merger on the customers and employees of Women.com and
     iVillage;

   o the market conditions affecting Internet media companies;

   o the business condition and prospects of Women.com if the proposed
     transaction with iVillage is not completed, which would involve a need
     for significant capital, and an uncertainty of being able to raise
     capital;

   o results of the due diligence investigation conducted by Women.com's
     management, accountants and legal and financial advisors;

   o the financial presentation and detailed analyses of Salomon Smith Barney,
     including its opinion as to the fairness, from a financial point of view
     and as of the date of the opinion, of the merger consideration, including
     the benefits to be derived from the Hearst Communications investment
     following the completion of the merger,  provided for in the merger
     agreement, as more fully described below under the caption "Opinion of
     Women.com's Financial Advisor;" and

   o the availability to dissenting stockholders of appraisal rights under the
     Delaware General Corporation Law.

   Women.com's board also considered the terms of the merger agreement
regarding Women.com's rights and limits on its ability to consider and
negotiate other acquisition proposals, as well as the possible effects of the

provisions regarding termination and termination fees. In addition, it was
noted to Women.com's board that the merger is expected to be a taxable
transaction and accounted for as a purchase.

   The Women.com board also identified and considered a number of potentially
negative factors in its deliberations concerning the merger and the merger
agreement, including the following:

   o the risk that the potential benefits of the merger may not be realized;

   o the fact that the proposed exchange ratio is not fixed and could change
     depending on certain metrics that Women.com must meet and the fact that
     the market prices of either company's stock before completion of the
     merger may change in a way that reduces the absolute value delivered to
     Women.com because the ratio does not change if the market values change;

   o the risk that the merger may not be consummated, notwithstanding the
     voting agreement obtained from certain stockholders of both iVillage and
     Women.com, and the effect of the public announcement of the merger on
     Women.com's sales, customer relations and operating results;

   o the risk of management and employee disruption associated with the
     merger, including resignations or layoffs of employees and the fact that
     key technical, sales and management personnel would likely not be
     employed by iVillage following the merger;

   o the fact that the merger agreement requires Women.com to obtain
     iVillage's consent to take a variety of actions prior to the closing of
     the merger;

   o Women.com's limited ability to terminate the merger agreement, including
     the fact that, under certain circumstances, the receipt of a superior
     proposal may allow the Women.com board of directors to change or withdraw
     its recommendation as to the adoption of the merger agreement, but would
     still require Women.com to submit the adoption of the merger agreement to
     a vote of Women.com stockholders;

   o the challenges of integrating Women.com's operations with those of
     iVillage; and

   o other applicable risks described in this joint proxy statement/prospectus
     under "Risk Factors."

   Women.com's board concluded, however, that these risks could be managed or
mitigated and that on balance, the merger's potential benefits to Women.com
and its stockholders outweighed the associated risks. This discussion of the
information and factors considered by Women.com's board is not exhaustive. In
view of the variety of factors considered in connection with its evaluation of
the merger, Women.com's board did not find it practicable to, and did not
quantify or otherwise assign relative weight to, the specific factors
considered in reaching the determination.

Recommendation of Women.com's board of directors

   For the reasons discussed above, the Women.com board of directors believes
that the terms of the merger are fair to and in the best interests of
Women.com's stockholders and recommends that the stockholders vote to approve
the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the merger
agreement, including the merger.

   In considering the recommendation of Women.com's board with respect to the
merger agreement, Women.com stockholders should be aware that certain
directors and officers of Women.com have interests in the merger that are
different from, or are in addition to, the interests of other Women.com
stockholders and that iVillage has agreed to continue certain existing
indemnification arrangements in favor of directors and officers of Women.com.
Please see "The Merger - Interests of  Directors and Officers in the Merger
that are Different from Your Interests."

iVillage's Reasons for the Merger

   The board of directors of iVillage believes that the combination of iVillage
and Women.com will create the largest and most comprehensive online
destination for women. The board of directors of iVillage has determined that
the terms of the merger and the merger agreement are fair to and in the best
interests of iVillage and its stockholders, and has determined to recommend
that the stockholders of iVillage approve the merger and adopt the merger
agreement. In reaching the conclusion that the merger is in the best interest
of iVillage and its

stockholders, iVillage's board of directors consulted with iVillage's senior
management regarding the strategic and operational aspects of the merger and
the results of due diligence efforts undertaken by senior management. In
addition, iVillage's board of directors consulted with representatives of
Allen & Company Incorporated, financial advisor to iVillage, regarding
selected financial aspects of iVillage's and Women.com's business and future
prospects facing Internet media companies, in general, and iVillage and
Women.com, in particular, as well as the fairness from a financial point of
view to iVillage. iVillage's board also consulted with iVillage's internal
counsel and representatives of its outside legal counsel, regarding the duties
of the members of the board of directors, legal due diligence matters and the
terms and conditions of the merger agreement and the related agreements.

   The following factors among others were also evaluated in connection with
the merger:

   o information concerning the financial condition, business, operations,
     strategic objectives and prospects and competitive position of iVillage
     and Women.com before and after giving effect to the merger;

   o the market conditions and industry trends affecting iVillage, Women.com
     and Internet media companies in general;

   o current financial market conditions and historical market prices,
     volatility and trading information with respect to iVillage common stock
     and Women.com common stock;

   o the need for and the ability of iVillage to obtain additional financing;

   o the agreements with Hearst Communications regarding licensing of content
     by Hearst Communications to iVillage and the payment by Hearst
     Communications for production services and advertising;

   o the consideration iVillage will issue in the merger in light of merger
     transactions deemed comparable;

   o the impact of the merger on the advertisers, sponsors, customers and
     employees of iVillage and Women.com;

   o the terms and conditions of the merger agreement and related agreements;
     and

   o the financial presentation of Allen & Company Incorporated, including its
     opinion as to the fairness, from a financial point of view as of the date
     of the opinion, of the exchange ratio provided for in the merger
     agreement, as more fully described below under the caption "Opinion of
     iVillage's Financial Advisor."

   The iVillage board believes that the merger and the related agreements will
be beneficial to iVillage and its stockholders for the following reasons:

   o the terms and conditions of the merger and the related agreements are
     reasonable;

   o the merger will result in creation of the most comprehensive online
     destination for content and services targeted to women;

   o the merger will enable existing and new potential sponsors to have
     increased access to one of the most highly targeted and desirable
     demographics on the Internet;

   o the merger will result in iVillage being ranked in the largest 20 digital
     media/Web properties worldwide;

   o the merger will increase market share to enable the combined company to
     compete more effectively for advertising revenues;

   o strategic relationship with Hearst Communications relating to advertising
     and to access to extensive content of Hearst Communications, a leading
     publisher of publications targeted to women;

   o access to a significant equity investment from Hearst Communications and
     other Women.com stockholders to enable iVillage to continue to establish,
     expand and support sales and distribution; and

   o the merger and the related agreements will better position iVillage in
     the capital markets.

   iVillage's board also identified and considered a number of potentially
negative factors in its deliberations concerning the merger and the agreement,
including the following:

   o the risk that the potential benefits of the merger may not be realized;

   o the challenges of integrating Women.com's operations with those of
     iVillage; and

   o other applicable risks described in this joint proxy statement/prospectus
     under "Risk Factors."

   This discussion of the information and factors considered by iVillage's
board is not intended to be exhaustive, but includes the material factors
considered. iVillage's board did not find it practicable to, and did not
quantify or otherwise assign particular weight to or rank the specific factors
it considered in approving the merger and the merger agreement. In considering
the factors described above, the individual members of the iVillage board may
have given different weight to various factors. The iVillage board considered
all these factors as a whole, and overall considered them to be favorable to,
and to support, its determination.

Recommendation of iVillage's board of directors

   For the reasons discussed above, iVillage's board of directors has approved
the merger and the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement and has
determined that the merger and the transactions contemplated by the merger
agreement are advisable and fair to and in the best interests of iVillage and
its stockholders, and recommends that iVillage stockholders vote for approval
of the merger and the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement,
including the merger and the issuance of iVillage common stock and warrants to
purchase iVillage common stock pursuant to the securities purchase agreement
between iVillage and Hearst Communications and the rights offering to
Women.com stockholders.

Opinion of Women.com's Financial Advisor

   Salomon Smith Barney has acted as the financial advisor to the Women.com
board of directors in connection with the merger. Pursuant to Salomon Smith
Barney's engagement letter dated January 30, 2001, Salomon Smith Barney rendered
an oral opinion to the Women.com board of directors and subsequently confirmed
in writing, that, as of February 5, 2001 and based upon and subject to the
assumptions, limitations and qualifications set forth in the opinion, its work
described below and other factors it deemed relevant, the merger consideration,
including the benefits to be derived from the Hearst Communications investment
following consummation of the merger, was fair to the holders of Women.com
common stock, other than Hearst Communications, from a financial point of view.

   The full text of the written opinion which sets forth the assumptions made,
procedures followed and matters considered by Salomon Smith Barney is set
forth as Annex B to this joint proxy statement/prospectus and Women.com
stockholders are urged to read Salomon Smith Barney's opinion in its entirety.
The summary of the opinion as set forth in this joint proxy statement/
prospectus is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the
opinion.

   In arriving at its opinion, Salomon Smith Barney reviewed:

   o a draft of the merger agreement dated as of February 5, 2001;

   o a securities purchase agreement by and between iVillage and Hearst
     Communications dated as of February 5, 2001;

   o a stockholder agreement to be entered into between iVillage and Hearst
     Communications on the closing date of the merger; and

   o an amendment to the Women.com and Hearst Communications content and
     licensing agreement dated February 5, 2001.

   Salomon Smith Barney also held discussions with certain Women.com senior
officers, directors and other representatives and advisors and certain senior
officers and other representatives and advisors of iVillage concerning
Women.com's and iVillage's businesses, operations and prospects. Salomon Smith
Barney examined publicly available business and financial information relating
to Women.com and iVillage, as well as financial forecasts and other
information and data for each that were provided to or otherwise discussed
with Salomon Smith Barney by the managements of Women.com and iVillage
including information regarding strategic implications and operational
benefits anticipated to result from each. Salomon Smith Barney reviewed the
financial terms of the merger as set forth in the draft merger agreement in
relation to, among other things:

   o current and historical market prices and trading volumes of Women.com and
     iVillage common stock;

   o current and historical exchange ratio comparisons;

   o current and prospective capitalization and financial conditions of
     Women.com and iVillage; and

   o implied exchange ratios based upon Women.com's percentage contribution of
     revenues and other metrics to the combined entity.

   Salomon Smith Barney also considered, to the extent publicly available, the
financial terms of other similar transactions recently effected that Salomon
Smith Barney considered relevant in evaluating the merger, and analyzed
certain financial and stock market data relating to the businesses of
Women.com and iVillage. Salomon Smith Barney also evaluated the relative pro
forma financial impact with respect to the synergies of the merger on the
combined company. In addition, Salomon Smith Barney conducted such other
analyses and examinations and considered such other information and financial,
economic and market criteria as it deemed appropriate in arriving at its
opinion.

   In its review and analysis and in arriving at its opinion, Salomon Smith
Barney assumed and relied upon the accuracy and completeness of the
information reviewed by Salomon Smith Barney for the purpose of its opinion
and did not assume any responsibility for independent verification of such
information. With respect to the financial forecasts of Women.com and
iVillage, Salomon Smith Barney assumed that they have been reasonably prepared
on bases reflecting best currently available estimates and judgments of the
managements of Women.com and iVillage, respectively, and Salomon Smith Barney
expressed no opinion with respect to such forecasts or the assumptions on
which they are based. Salomon Smith Barney also has assumed that the merger
and the Hearst Communications investment will be consummated in accordance
with the terms of the merger agreement and the securities purchase agreement,
respectively. Salomon Smith Barney did not make or obtain or assume any
responsibility for making or obtaining any independent evaluation or appraisal
of any of the assets (including properties and facilities) or liabilities of
Women.com or iVillage.

   Salomon Smith Barney's opinion should be read carefully and in its entirety.
It does not imply any conclusion as to the likely trading range for iVillage
common stock following the consummation of the merger or the Hearst
Communications investment, which may vary depending upon, among other factors,
changes in interest rates, dividend rates, market conditions, general economic
conditions and other factors that generally influence the price of securities.
It does not address Women.com's underlying business decision to effect the
merger or the Hearst Communications investment, and Salomon Smith Barney
expresses no view on the effect on Women.com or iVillage of the merger or the
Hearst Communications investment. Salomon Smith Barney's opinion is directed
only to the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the merger
consideration, including the benefits to be derived from the Hearst
Communications investment following the consummation of the merger, to the
holders of Women.com common stock, other than Hearst Communications and does
not constitute a recommendation concerning how holders of Women.com common
stock should vote regarding the proposed merger.

   In connection with rendering its opinion to the Women.com board of
directors, Salomon Smith Barney performed several financial analyses, the
material portions of which are summarized below. Salomon Smith Barney believes
that its analyses must be considered as a whole and that selecting portions of
such analyses and the factors it considered, without considering all such
analyses and factors, could create an incomplete view of the analyses and the
process underlying its opinion. While the conclusions reached in connection
with each analysis were considered carefully by Salomon Smith Barney in
arriving at its opinion, Salomon Smith Barney made various subjective
judgments in arriving at its opinion and did not consider it practicable to,
nor did it attempt to, assign relative weights to the individual analyses and
specific factors considered in reaching its opinion. The following is a
summary of the material financial analyses used by Salomon Smith Barney in
connection with providing its opinion to the Women.com board of directors.
Several of the summaries below include information presented in tabular
format. To fully understand such financial analyses used by Salomon Smith
Barney, the tables must be read with the text of each summary. The tables
alone do not constitute a complete description of the financial analyses.

   Historical Stock Price Performance.  Salomon Smith Barney reviewed the
movements of Women.com common stock and iVillage common stock relative to
their trading volume and price history for the period from

January 1, 2000 through February 2, 2001. Salomon Smith Barney noted that
during the period analyzed, Women.com common stock had declined 96% from its
52-week high on March 7, 2000 of $15.00 per share compared to iVillage's
declined depreciation of 94% from its 52-week high on March 15, 2000 of $27.31
per share. Salomon Smith Barney also found that the declines in both
companies' market capitalization over the past year were in line with smaller,
niche-oriented online media companies.

   Historical Exchange Ratio Analysis.  Salomon Smith Barney reviewed the
implied historical exchange ratio between Women.com common stock and iVillage
common stock determined by dividing the closing price per share of Women.com
common stock by the closing price per share of iVillage common stock for the
six, three and one month intervals ending February 2, 2001 as well as for the
period from January 1, 2000, through February 2, 2001. The review indicated
that during the periods measured, the closing prices of iVillage common stock
and Women.com common stock implied the following high, low and average
historical exchange ratios:

                             Implied Exchange Ratio

                                                   High    Low    Average
                                                   ----    ----   -------

1 month ........................................   0.41    0.23     0.31
3 months .......................................   0.58    0.18     0.36
6 months .......................................   1.27    0.18     0.41
Since 1/1/2000 .................................   1.27    0.18     0.41

   Salomon Smith Barney noted that the implied exchange ratio of 0.407 based on
the closing stock prices for iVillage and Women.com on February 2, 2001 was
greater than the exchange ratio of 0.322 agreed to in the merger. Salomon
Smith Barney also noted that the exchange ratio of 0.322 is greater than the
low of the exchange ratios calculated over the measured period and greater
than the average exchange ratio during the thirty days ending February 2,
2001. Due to volatility in stock prices, it is customary to view exchange
ratios over a period of time rather than on a single trading day.

   Relative Valuation Analysis. Salomon Smith Barney conducted various
analyses of Women.com and iVillage comparing several indicators of financial
performance on a prospective basis:

   Profit and Loss Performance. The profit and loss performance analysis
analyzed the relative operating performance of iVillage and Women.com on an
annual and quarterly basis for 2000 and as projected for 2001. Salomon Smith
Barney examined the profitability of each company by comparing the cost of
goods sold, sales and marketing and research and development expenses as a
percentage of revenue on a historical basis for each quarter of 2000 and
projected basis for each quarter of 2001. This analysis indicated that, as a
percentage of revenue, Women.com's expenses were consistently higher in the
historical periods and were projected to remain higher during 2001. The
analysis also highlighted iVillage's ability to maintain their revenues during
a difficult market environment while Women.com experienced quarterly declines.

   Cash Burn Analysis. The cash burn analysis compared the cash burn rate of
iVillage and Women.com for the operation of the respective businesses over
each of the four quarters of 2000 and as projected for 2001 to forecast their
respective capital requirements. The cash burn analysis indicated that
iVillage is expected to have more cash than Women.com at the end of 2001
implying a better competitive position for iVillage and its stockholders. This
analysis revealed that iVillage is projected to have positive cash balances
throughout 2001, while Women.com's cash balance is projected to be depleted by
the third quarter of 2001.

   Relative Contribution Analysis. Based upon financial estimates and
projections for Women.com and iVillage, Salomon Smith Barney analyzed the
respective contributions of Women.com and iVillage to the estimated revenues
of the combined company for the fourth quarter of 2000 annualized, calendar
year 2000 and calendar year 2001. In addition, Salomon Smith Barney analyzed
the respective contributions of Women.com and iVillage to the estimated web
site unique visitors, page views and usage hours to the combined company for
the month of December 2000 without any adjustment for potential positive or
negative synergies. Salomon Smith Barney noted that these metrics are less
relevant because they do not equate to direct measures of actual revenues or
profitability.

   The following table illustrates the implied exchange ratios, stock prices
and premiums for Women.com based upon Women.com's relative contribution to the
combined company's estimated revenues for the fourth quarter of 2000
annualized, calendar year 2000 and calendar year 2001 as well as for various
web site metrics for the month of December 2000. The currently offered
exchange ratio represents a premium when compared to all revenue metrics
analyzed for the Women.com stockholders to the exchange ratios implied by
revenue contributions.

                                                                             Contribution
                                                                         --------------------
                                                                                                                          Implied
                                                                                                  Implied     Implied    Premium to
                                                            Pro Forma                             Exchange     Stock    Stock Price
                                    iVillage    Women.com    Combined    iVillage   Women.com    Ratio (1)     Price     on 2/2/01
                                    --------    ---------   ---------    --------   ---------    ---------    -------   -----------

Current Offer ...................                                                                  0.322x     $ 0.54        (21%)
Current Market ..................    $ 1.69      $ 0.69                                            0.4074
                                    --------    ---------   ---------    --------   ---------    ---------    -------   -----------
Revenue (in millions)
2000(Q4) ........................    $ 74.8      $ 34.4       $109.2        69%         31%         0.163x    $ 0.28         (60%)
2000E ...........................      76.3        44.1        120.4        63          37          0.198       0.33         (51)
2001E ...........................      84.0        60.3        144.3        58          42          0.236       0.40         (42)

Traffic Metrics
Total Unique
Visitors (in millions) ..........       6.7         8.4         15.1        44%         56%         0.355x    $ 0.60         (13%)
Total Page Views
 (in millions) ..................     137.7       201.0        338.0        41          59         0.3945      0.067          (3)
Total UsageHours ................       3.1         2.0          5.1        60          40         0.2199       0.37         (46)

- ---------------

Source: Estimates from iVillage and Women.com projections.

All balance sheet data as of December 31, 2000.

(1) Adjusts for excess cash of $29 million for iVillage and $0 million for
    Women.com.

   Precedent Transaction Analysis. Salomon Smith Barney reviewed publicly
available information for various proposed and completed stock-for-stock
acquisition transactions, all announced since September 20, 1999, that
involved publicly traded companies and that it deemed appropriate in analyzing
the merger. The precedent transactions considered by Salomon Smith Barney were
the following (in each case, the acquiror's name is listed first and the
acquired company's name is listed second):

   o Doubleclick Inc. / @plan.Inc

   o CNET Networks, Inc. / Ziff Davis, Inc. (ZD Net)

   o Media Metrix, Inc. / Jupiter Communications, Inc.

   o Earthlink, Inc. / OneMain.com, Inc.

   o Terra Networks, S.A. / Lycos, Inc.

   o MyPoints.com, Inc. / Cybergold, Inc.

   o America Online, Inc. / MapQuest.com, Inc.

   o CMGI, Inc. / Flycast Communications Corporation

   o MindSpring Enterprises Inc. / Earthlink, Inc.

   o CMGI, Inc. / AdForce, Inc.

   Salomon Smith Barney did not view any of these transactions as directly
comparable to the merger. For each precedent transaction, Salomon Smith Barney
derived the ratio of the target's pro forma ownership percentage in the
combined company to its percentage of revenue contributed to the combined
company without any adjustment for potential positive or negative synergies.

   With respect to the financial information for the companies involved in the
precedent transactions, Salomon Smith Barney relied on information in publicly
available documents, where available. The following table sets forth the
results of these analyses:

                                                                          Target Revenue                           Ownership/
                                                                           Contribution                       Revenue Contribution
                                                                      ----------------------      Target     ----------------------
                                                                      Last Quarter              Pro Forma    Last Quarter
                                                                       Annualized    Forward    Ownership     Annualized    Forward
                                                                       ---------      ------     --------     ---------      ------

Mean..............................................................       33.1%        34.8%       26.3%         85.5%        75.8%
Median............................................................        19.2         23.5        30.5          69.3         69.1

   Salomon Smith Barney noted that, prior to the Hearst Communications
transactions, Women.com stockholders, including Hearst Communications, would
receive shares based on the 0.322 exchange ratio that provided for an
approximate 33.8% ownership in the combined entity. Women.com is estimated to
have contributed 31% of revenue based on annualized fourth quarter 2000
estimates, which equates to an ownership / revenue contribution percentage of
109.0%. The same analysis for calendar year 2000 and 2001 indicates
percentages of 91.4% and 80.5%, respectively. Salomon Smith Barney noted that
all of these percentages are above the respective reference ranges with
respect to precedent transactions.

   Synergies Analysis. Salomon Smith Barney considered the impact of potential
synergies and cost savings expected to be achieved by the management of
Women.com and iVillage in connection with the merger. Based on the financial
information and forecasts discussed with the management of Women.com and
iVillage, Salomon Smith Barney calculated that the merger would have the
following pro forma effects on the revenues and expenses of the combined
company as compared to each company viewed independently:

                                            2000E                                            2001E
                                     --------------------    Pro Forma    Combined    --------------------    Pro Forma    Combined
                                    iVillage    Women.com   Adjustment     Total     iVillage    Women.com    Adjustment     Total
                                     -------    --------     ---------      ----      -------     --------    ---------      ----

                                                                         (Dollars in millions)

Revenues ........................    $  76.3    $   44.1      $ 18.1      $ 138.4     $ 84.0      $  60.3       $ 21.6      $165.9
Cost of Goods Sold ..............        7.1         4.1         1.7         12.9        9.5          6.8          2.4        18.7
 % of Revenue ...................       9.4%        9.4%                     9.4%      11.3%        11.3%                    11.3%
Sales & Marketing ...............       54.1        44.7       (22.3)        76.4       38.7         39.9        (19.3)       59.2
 % of Revenue ...................      70.9%      101.3%                    55.2%      46.0%        66.2%                    42.8%
General & Administrative ........       22.6        16.8       (12.6)        26.8       12.0         15.8         (9.0)       18.8
 % of Revenue ...................      29.6%       38.2%                    19.4%      14.3%        26.2%                    13.6%
Operating Profit/(Loss) .........      (35.6)      (51.1)       65.3        (21.3)      (0.5)       (27.9)        59.7       $31.3
 % of Revenue ...................     (46.7%)    (115.8%)                  (15.4%)     (0.6%)      (46.3%)                   18.9%

- ---------------

Source: Salomon Smith Barney estimates for illustrative purposes only.

Assumptions:

(1) 15% increase to revenue.

(2) Proportional increase to cost of goods sold.

(3) 75% reduction to general & administrative expenses and 50% reduction to
    sales & marketing expenses and research & development expenses of smaller
    amount.

(4) iVillage cost of goods sold determined by applying Women.com cost of goods
    sold margin. Balance of cost of goods sold allocated to research &
    development.

   Salomon Smith Barney analyzed synergy projections estimated for the year
2000 and 2001 as to the future operating and financial performance of the
combined company. Salomon Smith Barney's pro forma analysis of revenues and
expenses illustrated that relative expenses for sales and marketing, research
and development and general administration as a percentage of revenue are
substantially higher for Women.com on its own than it will be for the combined
company. In addition, Salomon Smith Barney's pro forma estimates showed the
combined company with an estimated operating profit of 18.9% in 2001, as
compared to a projected 46.3% and 0.6% operating loss for Women.com and
iVillage, respectively.

   The preceding discussion is a summary of the material financial analyses
furnished by Salomon Smith Barney to the Women.com board of directors, but it
does not purport to be a complete description of the analyses performed by
Salomon Smith Barney or of its presentations to the board of directors. The
preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex process and is not necessarily
susceptible to partial analysis or summary description. In addition, the
process of preparing a fairness opinion necessarily requires a broad range of
subjective judgments with respect to appropriate comparable companies,
appropriate multiples of various selected financial data, appropriate discount
rates and other financial and other factors. Analyses and estimates of the
values of companies do not purport to be appraisals or necessarily reflect the
prices at which companies or their securities actually may be sold. No
precedent transaction analyzed for comparison is identical to this merger.
Accordingly, any analysis of a precedent transaction is not mathematical;
rather, it involves complex considerations and judgments concerning
differences in financial and operating characteristics of the companies
involved and other factors that could affect the public trading value of the
target companies or company to which they are being sold. The range of
valuation for any particular analysis should not be taken to be the view of
Salomon Smith Barney of the actual value of Women.com or iVillage.

   The opinion and presentation of Salomon Smith Barney to the Women.com board
of directors, in connection with which Salomon Smith Barney was requested to
evaluate the fairness from a financial point of view of the merger
consideration, including the benefits to be derived from the Hearst
Communications investment following the consummation of the merger, to the
holders of Women.com common stock, other than Hearst Communications, was only
one of many factors taken into consideration by the Women.com board of
directors in making its determination to approve the merger. No limitations
were imposed by the Women.com board of directors upon Salomon Smith Barney
with respect to the investigation made or the procedures followed by Salomon
Smith Barney in rendering its opinion.

   Salomon Smith Barney is an internationally recognized investment banking
firm that regularly engages in the valuation of companies and their securities
in connection with mergers and acquisitions, negotiated underwritings,
competitive bids, secondary distributions of listed and unlisted securities,
and corporate, estate and other purposes. Women.com retained Salomon Smith
Barney as a financial advisor because of its reputation, expertise in the
valuation of companies and substantial experience in transactions such as the
merger.

   In the past, Salomon Smith Barney has rendered investment banking and
financial advisory services to Women.com for which it has been paid fees.
Pursuant to an engagement letter dated January 30, 2001, Women.com agreed to
pay Salomon Smith Barney a fee upon consummation of the merger. Additionally,
Women.com has agreed to reimburse Salomon Smith Barney for reasonable out-of-
pocket expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable fees and expenses
of Salomon Smith Barney's legal counsel. Women.com has also agreed to
indemnify Salomon Smith Barney and related persons against liabilities,
including liabilities under the federal securities laws, related to or arising
out of its engagement. In the ordinary course of its business, Salomon Smith
Barney and its affiliates may actively trade the securities of Women.com and
iVillage for its own account and the accounts of its customers and,
accordingly, may at any time hold a long or short position in these
securities.

Opinion of iVillage's Financial Advisor

   At the meeting of the iVillage board on February 2, 2001, Allen & Company
Incorporated delivered its opinion, later confirmed in writing on February 5,
2001, to the effect that, as of that date, the terms of the merger were fair
to iVillage from a financial point of view.

   The full text of the written opinion of Allen & Company, dated February 5,
2001, is set forth as Annex C to this joint proxy statement/prospectus and
describes the assumptions made, matters considered and limits on the review
undertaken. iVillage stockholders are urged to read the opinion carefully and
in its entirety. Allen & Company's opinion is directed only to the fairness to
iVillage, from a financial point of view, of the terms of the merger and does
not constitute a recommendation of the merger over other courses of action
that may be available to iVillage or constitute a recommendation to any
iVillage stockholder on how to vote with respect to the merger. The summary of
the opinion of Allen & Company set forth in this joint proxy statement/
prospectus is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of such
opinion.

   In arriving at its opinion, Allen & Company:

   o reviewed the terms and conditions of the merger, including the draft
     merger agreement and the draft agreements related thereto;

   o reviewed and analyzed publicly available historical business and
     financial information relating to iVillage and Women.com, as presented in
     documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission;

   o reviewed certain financial, operating and budgetary data provided to
     Allen & Company by iVillage and Women.com relating to their businesses;

   o conducted discussions with certain members of the senior management of
     iVillage and Women.com with respect to the financial condition, business,
     operations, strategic objectives and prospects of iVillage and Women.com,
     as well as prevailing industry trends;

   o reviewed and analyzed public information, including certain stock market
     data and financial information relating to selected public companies in
     lines of business which Allen & Company deemed to be generally comparable
     to iVillage's and Women.com's, as well as analysts' reports and estimates
     for iVillage and Women.com;

   o reviewed the recent trading history of iVillage common stock and
     Women.com common stock, including each company's performance in
     comparison to market indices and to selected companies in comparable
     businesses;

   o reviewed public financial and transaction information relating to
     business combinations which Allen & Company deemed to be comparable to
     the merger;

   o considered premiums and multiples paid in recent transactions which Allen
     & Company deemed comparable to the merger; and

   o conducted such other financial analyses and investigations as Allen &
     Company deemed necessary or appropriate for the purposes of the opinion
     expressed therein.

   In giving its opinion, Allen & Company assumed and relied on the accuracy
and completeness of the information it reviewed for the purpose of its
opinion. Allen & Company did not assume any responsibility for independent
verification of such information or for any independent evaluation or
appraisal of the assets of iVillage or Women.com. Allen & Company assumed that
financial, operating and budgetary data referred to above for iVillage and
Women.com had been reasonably prepared on bases reflecting the best currently
available estimates and judgments of the management of iVillage and Women.com.
Allen & Company expressed no opinion with respect to such financial, operating
and budgetary data or the assumptions on which they were based.

   Allen & Company's opinion was necessarily based upon business, market,
economic and other conditions as they existed on, and could be evaluated as
of, the date of its opinion. Allen & Company's opinion does not imply any
conclusion as to the likely trading range of the iVillage common stock
following the consummation of the merger. This may vary depending on, among
other factors, changes in interest rates, dividend rates, market conditions,
general economic conditions and other factors that generally influence the
price of securities.

   Allen & Company also assumed in its analysis that, in all material respects:

   o the representations and warranties of iVillage and Women.com contained in
     the merger agreement were true and correct, iVillage and Women.com will
     perform all of the covenants to be performed by them under the merger
     agreement and all conditions to the consummation of the merger by
     iVillage and Women.com will be satisfied;

   o all material governmental, regulatory or other approvals and consents
     required in connection with the consummation of the merger will be
     obtained; and

   o obtaining the required approvals or opinions or consents or amendments,
     modifications or waivers to any agreements to which either iVillage or
     Women.com is a party would not impose any limitation,

     restrictions or conditions or amendments, modification or waivers that
     would have a material adverse effect on iVillage or Women.com or
     materially reduce the contemplated benefits of the merger to iVillage.

   The following is a summary of the presentations made by Allen & Company to
the iVillage board while giving its fairness opinion:

   Status of the Industry. Allen & Company presented an overview of the
current state of the specialized online portal industry. Allen & Company noted
that the industry has recently witnessed severe reductions in market values
and an increase in bankruptcies. The difficult financing environment faced by
Internet companies has led to a decrease in online advertising revenue and a
reduction in the quality of the receivables of advertising-driven online
companies. Allen & Company observed that third parties are projecting
advertising growth in the United States to be slower than previously expected,
due primarily to the loss of dot com advertising revenue. Further, traditional
advertisers have been cautious about spending in online entities without
significant scale or financial resources. This uncertainty has led to a lack
of revenue visibility for most companies supported by online advertising.
Finally, Allen & Company noted that larger companies with funding and scale
will continue to grow market share as undercapitalized companies are forced to
slow expansion or shut down entirely.

   Benefits of the Merger. Allen & Company identified the benefits of the
proposed merger, including:

   o consolidation of the online women's space;

   o increased advertising concentration;

   o increased scale;

   o increased traffic and revenue opportunities;

   o cost savings due to a reduction in overhead;

   o the cash investment by Hearst Communications; and

   o the continued relationship with Hearst Communications.

   Overview of Women.com. Allen & Company presented an overview of Women.com,
including a description of the content, community, shopping and personalized
services offered by Women.com. Allen & Company reviewed Women.com's historical
operating results for the fiscal years ended December 31, 1997 through 1999,
its estimated operating results for fiscal year 2000 and its budgeted
operating results for fiscal year 2001.

   Allen & Company also reviewed stock price and trading volume data for
Women.com. Allen & Company noted that the general trading patterns of
Women.com common stock have underperformed the NASDAQ Composite Index, Dow
Jones Industrial Average and an index of comparable Internet companies over
the past year.

   Allen & Company also compared selected multiples derived from the February
2, 2001 closing price of Women.com common stock to multiples of a selected
group of publicly traded companies comprised of CNet, Dr. Koop, iVillage,
Market Watch, NBC Internet, Sportsline.com, Star Media and TheStreet.com.
Allen & Company selected these companies because Allen & Company considered
them to have operations similar to the operations of Women.com. Allen &
Company commented that Women.com's stock trades at multiples of revenue, users
and page views below its comparable peers. To illustrate, Allen & Company
highlighted the following multiples:

                                                                                    Revenue           (Millions)
                                                                                 -------------    -------------------
                                                                                                  Unique     Unique
                                                                                 2000E   2001P    Users    Page Views
                                                                                 -----   -----    ------   ----------

Enterprise Value Multiples
Maximum......................................................................    5.2x     4.0x    249.1       35.6
Mean.........................................................................    1.9x     1.3x     58.8        6.8
Minimum......................................................................      NM       NM       NM         NM
Women.com....................................................................      NM       NM       NM         NM

Equity Value Multiples
Maximum......................................................................    5.8x     4.3x    383.0       54.7
Mean.........................................................................    2.8x     2.0x     82.0        9.2
Minimum......................................................................    0.7x     0.6x      6.8        0.3
Women.com....................................................................    0.7x     0.5x      3.8        0.1

   Comparable Transaction Analysis. Allen & Company compared Women.com's
implied transaction enterprise and equity value multiples to publicly
available financial information for twelve selected mergers and acquisitions
in the specialized online portal industry. The transactions analyzed by Allen
& Company were:

   o America Online/Netscape Communications

   o At Home/Excite

   o Yahoo/GeoCities

   o Yahoo/Broadcast.com

   o NBC/Xoom.com

   o Walt Disney/Infoseek

   o Travelocity.com/Preview Travel

   o CMGI, Inc./Yesmail.com

   o America Online/MapQuest.com

   o Terra Networks/Lycos

   o InfoSpace/Go2Net

   o Primedia/About.com

   The results of Allen & Company's analysis were as follows:

                                                                                  Revenue             (Millions)
                                                                               --------------    --------------------
                                                                                                 Unique      Unique
                                                                               2000E    2001P     Users    Page Views
                                                                               ------   -----    -------   ----------

Enterprise Value Multiples
Maximum....................................................................    148.1x      NA    1,048.5        NA
Mean.......................................................................     50.2x      NA      285.6        NA
Minimum....................................................................      4.0x      NA       31.3        NA
Women.com..................................................................      0.2x    0.1x        1.0       0.0

Equity Value Multiples
Maximum....................................................................    149.6x      NA    1,069.1        NA
Mean.......................................................................     52.5x      NA      298.9        NA
Minimum....................................................................      5.3x      NA       41.8        NA
Women.com..................................................................      0.6x    0.4x        3.0       0.1

   Based on the foregoing, Allen & Company concluded that the indicative
multiples of revenue, unique page views and unique users for the proposed
merger are at the low end or below the range of multiples paid in comparable
precedent transactions.

   Indicative Premiums Paid. Allen & Company noted that the per share value of
Women.com common stock implied by the merger of $0.55 was 20.2% less than the
closing price of the Women.com common stock on February 2, 2001, 12.2% less
than the price of the Women.com common stock one week prior to February 2,
2001 ($0.63) and 59.7% greater than the Women.com common stock price one month
prior to February 2, 2001 ($0.34). Allen & Company analyzed the premiums paid
over pre-announcement prices in public market merger and acquisition
transactions between $10 million and $50 million in equity value since January
1, 2000. Allen & Company compiled the premiums represented by acquisition
prices for 20 target companies for which data was available relative to those
target companies' share prices one day, one week and one month prior to the
announcement that the target company was to be acquired. The following table
summarizes Allen & Company's results:

                                                                                                Premium Prior to
                                                                                                Announcement Date
                                                                                           --------------------------
                                                                                            1 Day    1 Week   1 Month
                                                                                           ------    ------   -------

Women.com ..............................................................................   (20.2%)   (12.2%)   59.7%
Maximum ................................................................................    71.0%    78.5%     152.0%
Mean ...................................................................................    25.3%    29.8%     36.8%
Minimum ................................................................................   (12.2%)   (10.2%)   (10.2%)

   Based on the foregoing analysis, Allen & Company concluded that the
indicative premiums paid in the proposed merger are at the low end or below
the range of premiums paid in similar stock-for-stock acquisitions.

   Overview of Combined Company. Allen & Company reviewed the projected pro
forma operating results of the combined company for the fiscal year ending
December 31, 2001 and the pro forma balance sheet as of December 31, 2000.
Allen & Company described an analysis of the pro forma ownership of the
combined company resulting from the merger before and after the additional
investment by Hearst Communications, noting that such analysis indicated that
iVillage and Women.com would own the following percentages of the combined
company on a fully-diluted basis:

                                                                    Additional
                                                                      Hearst
                                                                  Communications
                                                                    Investment
                                                                  --------------
                                                                  Before   After

iVillage .....................................................    66.7%    53.4%
Women.com ....................................................    33.3%    46.6%

   The preparation of a fairness opinion is not susceptible to partial analysis
or summary description. Allen & Company believes that its analyses and the
summary set forth above must be considered as a whole and that selecting
portions of its analyses and the factors considered by it, without considering
all analyses and factors,

could create an incomplete view of the processes underlying the analysis set
forth in its opinion. Allen & Company has not indicated that any of the
analyses which it performed had a greater significance than any other.

   In determining the appropriate analyses to conduct and when performing those
analyses, Allen & Company made numerous assumptions with respect to industry
performance, general business, financial, market and economic conditions, and
other matters, many of which are beyond the control of iVillage and Women.com.
The analyses which Allen & Company performed are not necessarily indicative of
actual values or actual future results, which may be significantly more or
less favorable than suggested by these analyses. Such analyses were prepared
solely as part of Allen & Company's analysis of the fairness, from a financial
point of view, of the terms of the merger to iVillage. The analyses do not
purport to be appraisals or to reflect the prices at which a company might
actually be sold or the prices at which any securities may trade at the
present time or at any time in the future.

   Allen & Company is a nationally recognized investment banking firm that is
continually engaged in the valuation of businesses and their securities in
connection with mergers and acquisitions, negotiated underwriting, competitive
bids, secondary distributions of listed and unlisted securities, private
placements and valuations for estate, corporate and other purposes. iVillage
retained Allen & Company based on such qualifications as well as its
familiarity with iVillage. In the ordinary course of its business as a broker-
dealer, Allen & Company may hold positions in and trade in the securities of
iVillage from time to time.

   iVillage entered into an engagement letter agreement with Allen & Company
dated September 28, 1999 and amended on February 22, 2000, in which Allen &
Company agreed to act as iVillage's financial advisor in connection with the
merger and to render an opinion as to the fairness, from a financial point of
view, of the terms of the merger to iVillage. Under the engagement letter,
iVillage agreed to pay a fee to Allen & Company, upon consummation of the
merger. Whether or not the merger is consummated, iVillage has agreed,
according to the engagement letter, to reimburse Allen & Company for all its
reasonable out-of-pocket expenses, including the fees and disbursements of its
counsel, incurred in connection with its engagement by iVillage, and to
indemnify Allen & Company against certain liabilities and expenses in
connection with its engagement.

Interests of Directors and Officers in the Merger that are Different from Your
Interests

   Women.com Directors and Executive Officers

   Upon consummation of the merger, it is anticipated that the directors and
executive officers of Women.com and their affiliates will beneficially own
approximately __% of the then outstanding shares of iVillage common stock,
calculated on the basis set forth under the heading "Information Concerning
Women.com - Principal Stockholders of Women.com."

   As of January 31, 2001, the directors and executive officers of Women.com
held outstanding stock options to purchase an aggregate of 3,028,293 shares of
Women.com common stock. In addition, William Miller, a non-employee member of
Women.com's board of directors, has received stock options to purchase an
aggregate of 17,500 shares of Women.com common stock. See "The Merger
Agreement - Treatment of Women.com Stock Options" for a description of the
treatment of outstanding Women.com stock options upon consummation of the
merger.

   Marleen McDaniel, President and Chief Executive Officer of Women.com, has an
employment agreement with Women.com under which she will receive severance
benefits in the event that, prior to January 27, 2002, her employment with
Women.com is terminated involuntarily without cause or voluntarily within
sixty days of a material reduction in her responsibilities or compensation or
a relocation of her place of employment by more than fifty miles. These
severance benefits include continuation of base salary and benefits until the
longer of six months from termination or January 27, 2002, and acceleration of
vesting on all options that would have vested as of January 27, 2002.

   A severance and retention plan of up to $5 million is currently being
finalized for Women.com employees. As a result, certain officers of Women.com
may receive severance or retention payments in connection with the merger.

   iVillage has agreed in the merger agreement that all rights to
indemnification existing in favor of those persons who are directors and
officers of Women.com as of the date of merger for their acts and omissions
occurring prior to the effective time of the merger, as provided in
Women.com's bylaws, as in effect as of the date of the merger agreement, and
as provided in the indemnification agreements between Women.com and such
persons, as in effect as of the date of the merger agreement, shall survive
the merger and shall be observed by Women.com to the fullest extent available
under Delaware law for a period of six years from the date of the merger.
iVillage also has agreed to maintain directors' and officers' liability
insurance for Women.com's directors and officers equivalent to Women.com's
current insurance for not less than six years after the effective time of the
merger, subject to certain limitations on the maximum premium payable for such
insurance.

   In connection with the merger, Hearst Communications, the holder of
approximately 46% of the outstanding Women.com common stock, has entered into
a securities purchase agreement with iVillage pursuant to which Hearst
Communications has agreed to purchase, for up to $20.0 million, up to
9,324,000 shares of iVillage common stock and warrants to purchase up to
2,100,000 shares of iVillage common stock, subject to adjustment as provided
in the securities purchase agreement.  In addition, it is a condition to the
closing of the transactions contemplated by the securities purchase agreement
and the merger that iVillage and Hearst Communications enter into a
stockholder agreement and a magazine content license and hosting agreement.
Among other things:

   o the stockholder agreement requires iVillage to appoint three Hearst
     Communications representatives to the iVillage board of directors, one of
     which shall serve on the nominating committee and one of which shall
     serve on the compensation committee, and

   o the magazine content license and hosting agreement requires iVillage to
     pay Hearst Communications a royalty payment based on net advertising
     revenues of at least $3.9 million during the three year term of the
     agreement.

For additional information regarding the securities purchase agreement, the
stockholder agreement and the magazine content license and hosting agreement,
see "Agreements between Hearst Communications and iVillage."

   Four of the members of the Women.com board of directors, James Asher,
Cathleen Black, Mark Miller and Alfred Sikes, are serving in such capacity as
representatives of Hearst Communications.

   As a result of the foregoing, the directors and executive officers of
Women.com may be more likely to vote to approve the adoption of the merger
agreement than Women.com stockholders generally.

   iVillage Directors and Executive Officers

   iVillage does not believe that any of the iVillage directors or executive
officers have interests in the merger that are different from the interests of
iVillage stockholders generally.

   iVillage directors and executive officers beneficially owned, as of the
record date, approximately ____% of the outstanding shares of iVillage common
stock, excluding those shares of iVillage common stock subject to outstanding
stock options.

Exchange of Women.com Stock Certificates for iVillage Stock Certificates

   Each share of Women.com common stock outstanding immediately before the time
of the merger will be converted into the right to receive 0.322 (subject to
adjustment) of a share of iVillage common stock at the time of the merger. In
addition, stockholders of Women.com will receive a cash payment equal to one
percent of the product of the average high and low prices of a share of
iVillage common stock on the Nasdaq National Market on the closing date of the
merger multiplied by 0.322 (subject to adjustment). To allow holders of shares
of Women.com common stock to exchange their certificates for certificates of
shares of iVillage common stock, iVillage will deposit with an exchange agent
certificates representing shares of iVillage common stock (plus the cash
portion of the merger consideration and cash in lieu of fractional shares and
unpaid distributions, if any) that will be issued in exchange for the
Women.com stock certificates. The exchange agent will then mail to each holder
of shares of Women.com common stock a transmittal form that will contain
instructions for the surrender of Women.com stock certificates to be exchanged
in the merger. Women.com stockholders who surrender to the

exchange agent their shares of Women.com common stock, along with the
transmittal form, will receive a certificate representing the number of whole
shares of iVillage common stock that they are entitled to receive. These
Women.com stockholders will also receive a check representing the cash portion
of the merger consideration and cash in lieu of any fractional shares and any
unpaid dividends and distributions that the stockholder may have a right to
receive.

   The surrendered Women.com certificates will be canceled. If any Women.com
certificates are presented to iVillage or the exchange agent after the merger,
then those certificates will be canceled and exchanged for certificates
representing the shares of iVillage common stock (plus the cash portion of the
merger consideration and cash in lieu of fractional shares, if any) that the
holder of the Women.com certificates is entitled to receive under the merger
agreement.

   None of iVillage, the exchange agent or any other person will be liable to
any former Women.com stockholder for any amount properly delivered to a public
official pursuant to applicable abandoned property, escheatment or similar
laws.

Dividend Policy

   iVillage intends to retain all available earnings generated by its
operations for the development and growth of iVillage's business. Since
iVillage's initial public offering, iVillage has not paid cash dividends.
iVillage does not anticipate paying any cash dividends on shares of iVillage
common stock in the foreseeable future. Subject to Delaware law, iVillage's
board of directors will have broad discretion to make any future determination
as to dividend policy. Any determination will depend on a number of factors,
including:

   o future earnings;

   o capital requirements;

   o financial condition;

   o business factors;

   o restrictions contained in iVillage's debt agreements; and

   o any other factors iVillage's board of directors deems relevant.

Women.com's Stock Option and Stock Purchase Plans

   At the effective time, each outstanding option to purchase shares of
Women.com common stock under Women.com's stock option plans will be assumed by
iVillage. Each Women.com stock option that is assumed by iVillage will
continue to have, and be subject to, the same terms and conditions that were
applicable to the option immediately prior to the effective time, except that:

   o each Women.com stock option will be exercisable for shares of iVillage
     common stock, and the number of shares of iVillage common stock issuable
     upon exercise of any given option will be determined by multiplying 0.322
     (as may be decreased pursuant to the terms of the merger agreement as
     described below under "The Merger Agreement--Merger Consideration") by
     the number of shares of Women.com common stock underlying the applicable
     option, rounded down to the nearest whole number;

   o the per share exercise price of any given option will be determined by
     dividing the exercise price of the option immediately prior to the
     effective time by 0.322 (subject to adjustment) less the per share cash
     payment, rounded up to the nearest whole cent; and

   o all Women.com stock options subject to vesting shall become vested in
     full and immediately exercisable.

   iVillage has agreed to file a registration statement on Form S-8 for the
shares of iVillage common stock issuable with respect to the assumed Women.com
stock options within 30 days after the effective time. iVillage intends to
maintain the effectiveness of the registration statement for so long as any
iVillage stock options or other rights thereunder remain outstanding.

   Immediately prior to the effective time, any outstanding purchase rights
under Women.com's Employee Stock Purchase Plan will automatically be exercised
and paid for through accumulated payroll deductions. This will allow
participants to purchase shares of Women.com common stock under the plan prior
to the effective time. This shortened purchase period will expire immediately
following the new purchase date, and the plan will terminate immediately prior
to the effective time.

Accounting Treatment of the Merger

   iVillage intends to account for the merger as a purchase for financial
reporting and accounting purposes, under generally accepted accounting
principles in the United States of America. After the merger, the results of
operations of iVillage and Women.com will be included in the consolidated
financial statements of iVillage and Women.com. The purchase price will be
allocated based on the fair values of the assets acquired and the liabilities
assumed. Any excess of cost over fair value of the net tangible assets of
Women.com acquired will be recorded as goodwill and other intangible assets and
will be amortized by charges to operations over the expected period of benefit.
These allocations will be made based upon valuations and other studies that have
not yet been finalized.

   If the cost of the acquisition is less than the fair value of the net
tangible assets of Women.com acquired, the deficiency will be allocated first to
reduce proportionately the values assigned to non-current assets. Should non-
current assets be reduced to zero, any remaining deficiency should be recorded
as a deferred credit and amortized to income over the expected period of
benefit.

   Representatives of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP are expected to be present at
the iVillage and Women.com special meetings and to be available to respond to
appropriate questions, and will have an opportunity to make a statement if
they desire to do so.

Material Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger

   The following are the material United States federal income tax consequences
of the merger, assuming that you are a United States person and hold your
shares of Women.com common stock as capital assets. The following discussion
is based on and subject to the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, its
legislative history, applicable Treasury regulations, administrative rulings
and court decisions currently in effect, all of which are subject to change at
any time, possibly with retroactive effect. The following discussion further
assumes that the merger will be consummated in accordance with the provisions
of the merger agreement.

   This discussion does not address all aspects of United States federal income
taxation that may be important to you in light of your particular
circumstances, or if you are subject to special rules, such as rules relating
to:

   o Women.com stockholders who are not citizens or residents of the United
     States;

   o Financial institutions;

   o Tax-exempt organizations;

   o Insurance companies;

   o Mutual funds;

   o Dealers in securities;

   o Women.com stockholders who acquired their shares of Women.com common
     stock by exercising employee stock options or rights or otherwise as
     compensation; and

   o Women.com stockholders who hold their shares of Women.com common stock as
     "qualified small business stock" under Section 1202 of the Internal
     Revenue Code, or as part of a hedge, straddle or a constructive sale or
     conversion transaction.

   Women.com and iVillage have structured the merger so that, in general, the
merger should be a taxable transaction for United States federal income tax
purposes. Provided that the merger is a taxable transaction, the following
federal income tax consequences will result. Based on the foregoing, as a
result of the merger:

   o No gain or loss will be recognized by Women.com as a result of the
     merger.

   o Each Women.com stockholder will recognize gain or loss equal to the
     difference between (i) the amount of cash received plus the fair market
     value of the iVillage stock received (based upon the value of the
     iVillage stock on the date of the merger), and (ii) the stockholder's tax
     basis in the Women.com stock exchanged therefor. Such gain or loss
     generally will be capital gain or loss and will be long-term capital

     gain or loss if the stockholder's shares of Women.com stock have been
     held for more than one year at the time of the merger.

   o The tax basis of the iVillage common stock received by Women.com
     stockholders in the merger will be equal to its fair market value on the
     date of the merger.

   o The tax holding period of the iVillage common stock that Women.com
     stockholders receive in the merger will begin on the day after the
     merger.

   A Women.com stockholder may be subject to backup withholding at a rate of
31% on the cash payments and fair market value of the iVillage common stock a
Women.com stockholder receives in the merger. Backup withholding will not
apply, however, if a Women.com stockholder is an exempt recipient (such as a
corporation or financial institution) or is otherwise exempt from backup
withholding, if a Women.com stockholder furnishes its taxpayer identification
number and certifies that it is not subject to backup withholding on the
appropriate form. It is possible that the IRS may assert that the merger
constitutes a "reorganization" under Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986 which would result in you not recognizing gain or loss for
federal income tax purposes (except with respect to shares that qualify as
dissenting shares under the Delaware General Corporation Law) and not adjusting
your tax basis to equal the fair market value of the iVillage common stock.

   iVillage's obligation to complete the merger is conditioned on, subject to
waiver by iVillage, receipt of a closing tax opinion from Orrick, Herrington &
Sutcliffe LLP, counsel to iVillage, dated the date that the merger is
completed, to the effect that for United States federal income tax purposes no
gain or loss will be recognized by iVillage or its stockholders as a result of
the merger. iVillage does not currently intend to waive the condition relating
to the receipt of a closing tax opinion. Women.com's obligation to complete
the merger is conditioned on, subject to waiver by Women.com, receipt of a
closing tax opinion from Cooley Godward LLP, counsel to Women.com, dated the
date the merger is completed, to the effect that for United States federal
income tax purposes each Women.com stockholder will recognize a gain or loss as
a result of the merger. Women.com does not currently intend to waive the
condition relating to the receipt of a closing tax opinion. In addition,
neither iVillage nor Women.com intend to request a ruling from the IRS with
respect to the merger. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the IRS
will not challenge the conclusions set forth above or that a court will not
sustain such a challenge.

   The foregoing discussion is not intended to be a complete analysis or
description of all potential United States federal income tax consequences or
any other consequences of the merger and, except as described herein, does not
address transactions effectuated prior or subsequent to or concurrently with
the merger whether or not such transactions are in connection with the merger.
In addition, this discussion does not address tax consequences which may vary
with, or are contingent on, your individual circumstances. Moreover, this
discussion does not address any non-income tax or any foreign, state or local
tax consequences of the merger. Accordingly, you are strongly urged to consult
with your tax advisor to determine the particular United States federal,
state, local or foreign income or other tax consequences to you of the merger.

Regulatory Filings and Approvals Required to Complete the Merger

   iVillage and Women.com do not believe that there are any material regulatory
or governmental approvals necessary to consummate the merger.

Restrictions on Sale of Shares by Affiliates

   All shares of iVillage common stock that Women.com stockholders will receive
in the merger will be freely transferable, except for shares of iVillage
common stock that are received by persons who are deemed to be "affiliates" of
Women.com under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, at the time of the
Women.com special meeting. These affiliates may resell the shares of iVillage
common stock they receive in the merger only in transactions permitted by Rule
145 under the Securities Act or as otherwise permitted under the Securities
Act. Persons who may be deemed to be affiliates of Women.com for these
purposes generally include individuals or entities that control, are
controlled by or are under common control with Women.com, including directors
and executive officers of Women.com.

Rights of Dissenting Women.com Stockholders

   Pursuant to Section 262 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, a
dissenting Women.com stockholder who desires to object to the merger and to
receive the fair value of his or her shares of Women.com common stock in cash
by following the procedure described below may do so by complying with the
provisions of Delaware law pertaining to the exercise of dissenters' rights.
Only those Women.com stockholders entitled to vote on the merger are entitled
to dissent and receive the fair value of their shares. All of the holders of
Women.com's common stock as of the record date are entitled to vote on the
merger and all of the holders may dissent and receive the fair value of their
shares of Women.com common stock. The following is a summary of the applicable
provisions of Delaware law and it is qualified in its entirety by reference to
such Delaware law. A copy of the relevant provisions of Delaware law is
attached to this joint proxy statement/prospectus as Annex D.

   A written demand for appraisal of shares of Women.com common stock must be
delivered to Women.com by a Women.com stockholder seeking appraisal before the
vote on the merger is taken. The written demand must be separate from any
proxy or vote abstaining from or voting against approval and adoption of the
merger. Voting against approval and adoption of the merger, abstaining from
voting or failing to vote with respect to approval and adoption of the merger
will not constitute a demand for appraisal within the meaning of Section 262.
By voting against approval and adoption of the merger or by abstaining from
voting in favor of the merger, a Women.com stockholder may preserve his or her
rights of appraisal as a dissenting stockholder.

   Women.com stockholders electing to exercise their appraisal rights under
Section 262 must not vote for approval and adoption of the merger. A vote by a
Women.com stockholder against approval and adoption of the merger is not
required in order for a Women.com stockholder to exercise appraisal rights.
However, if a Women.com stockholder returns a signed proxy but does not
specify a vote against approval and adoption of the merger or a direction to
abstain, the proxy, if not revoked, will be voted for approval and adoption of
the merger, which will have the effect of waiving such Women.com stockholder's
appraisal rights.

   A demand for appraisal will be sufficient if it reasonably informs Women.com
of the identity of the Women.com stockholder and that such Women.com
stockholder intends thereby to demand appraisal. If the Women.com common stock
is owned of record in a fiduciary capacity, such as by a trustee, guardian, or
custodian, such demand must be executed by the fiduciary. If the Women.com
common stock is owned of record by more than one person, as in a joint tenancy
or tenancy in common, such demand must be executed by all joint owners. An
authorized agent, including an agent for two or more joint owners, may execute
the demand for appraisal for a Women.com stockholder of record; however, the
agent must identify the record owner or owners and expressly disclose the fact
that, in exercising the demand, he or she is acting as agent for the record
owner or owners.

   A Women.com stockholder who elects to exercise appraisal rights should mail
or deliver his or her written demand to Women.com at its executive offices set
forth under the caption "Summary of the Merger- The Companies" in this joint
proxy statement/prospectus or deliver such demand to Women.com at Women.com's
special meeting. The demand should specify such Women.com stockholder's name
and mailing address and the number of shares of Women.com common stock owned.
It is the responsibility of each Women.com stockholder electing to exercise
appraisal rights to ensure that the written demand is received by Women.com
before the vote is taken at Women.com's special meeting.

   Within ten days after the effective time of the merger, iVillage must
provide notice of the date the merger has become effective to all Women.com
stockholders who have complied with Section 262(d), summarized above, and have
not voted for approval of the merger.

   Within 120 days after the effective time of the merger, any Women.com
stockholder who has complied with the provisions of Sections 262(a) and (d),
summarized above, is entitled, upon written request, to receive from iVillage
a statement setting forth the aggregate number of shares of Women.com common
stock not voted in favor of approval and adoption of the merger and with
respect to which demands for appraisal have been received and the aggregate
number of holders of such shares. Such statement must be mailed to such
Women.com stockholders within ten days after the written request for it has
been received by iVillage or within ten days after expiration of the time for
delivery of demands for appraisal under Section 262(d), whichever is later.

   Within 120 days after the effective time of the merger, either iVillage or
any holder of Women.com common stock who has complied with the required
conditions of Sections 262(a) and (d) and who is otherwise entitled to
appraisal rights may file a petition in the Court of Chancery of the State of
Delaware demanding a determination of the fair value of the shares of any
dissenting Women.com stockholders. If a petition for an appraisal is timely
filed, at a hearing on such petition, the court will determine which Women.com
stockholders are entitled to appraisal rights and will appraise the shares of
Women.com common stock owned by such Women.com stockholders, determining the
fair value of such shares, exclusive of any element of value arising from the
accomplishment or expectation of the merger, together with a fair rate of
interest, if any, to be paid upon the amount determined to be the fair value.
In determining fair value, the court is to take into account all relevant
factors. In Weinberger v. UOP, Inc., decided in 1983, the Delaware Supreme
Court, in the context of litigation involving holders of common stock of a
Delaware corporation, expanded the factors that could be considered in
determining fair value in an appraisal proceeding, stating that "proof of
value by any techniques or methods which are generally considered acceptable
in the financial community and otherwise admissible in court" should be
considered, and that a "[f]air price obviously requires consideration of all
relevant factors involving the value of a company . . . ." The Delaware
Supreme Court stated that in making this determination of fair value the court
must consider market value, asset value, dividends, earnings prospects, the
nature of the enterprise and any other facts which could be ascertained as of
the date of the relevant merger which could affect future prospects of the
merged corporation. In Weinberger, the Delaware Supreme Court held that
"elements of future value, including the nature of the enterprise, which are
known or susceptible of proof as of the date of the merger and not the product
of speculation, may be considered."

   Women.com stockholders considering seeking appraisal should be aware that
the fair value of their shares determined under Section 262 could be more
than, the same as or less than the value of the consideration they are to
receive under the merger if they do not seek appraisal of their shares.

   Both fairness opinions and appraisal proceedings review many different
aspects of a company's financial and business circumstances under accepted
valuation techniques, but the perspectives differ. A determination that a
transaction is fair from a financial point of view may be based on a finding
that the price term of a transaction falls within a range of values that would
be fair for other companies involved in similar types of transactions and
circumstances. Such a finding does not determine what the best possible price
would be, but looks at the transaction as a whole and determines whether
entering the transaction is a reasonable business decision. In reaching the
determination that an offered price is fair from a financial point of view,
consideration is given to the fact that a purchaser of an entire company may
be willing to pay a "control premium" in excess of the fair market value of
the stock. A determination of fair value in an appraisal proceeding attempts
to reduce all of the elements of value of a company to a set amount rather
than focusing on the range of values in similar transactions. A judicial
finding of fair value attempts to ensure that each dissenting stockholder
receives the substantial equivalent of his or her proportionate interest in a
company before the merger occurred. An appraisal proceeding does not attempt
to consider the effects, if any, of the merger transaction itself on the value
of the stock of a company.

   The cost of the appraisal proceeding may be determined by the court and
taxed against the parties as the court deems equitable in the circumstances.
Upon application of a dissenting Women.com stockholder, the court may order
that all or a portion of the expenses incurred by any dissenting stockholder
in connection with the appraisal proceeding, including, without limitation,
reasonable attorneys' fees and the fees and expenses of experts, be charged
against the value of shares of Women.com common stock entitled to appraisal.
In the absence of such a determination or assessment, each party bears its own
expenses.

   A Women.com stockholder who has duly demanded appraisal in compliance with
Section 262 will not, after the effective time of the merger, have any rights
in respect of shares subject to such demand except for appraisal rights and
the right to receive payment of dividends or other distributions, if any, on
such shares payable to Women.com stockholders of record as of a date prior to
the effective time.

   At any time within 60 days after the effective time of the merger, a
dissenting Women.com stockholder will have the right to withdraw his or her
demand for appraisal and to accept the terms of the merger. After this period,
a dissenting Women.com stockholder may withdraw his or her demand for
appraisal only with the consent of iVillage. If no petition for appraisal is
filed with the court within 120 days after the effective time of the

merger, a dissenting Women.com stockholder's rights to appraisal will cease.
As iVillage has no obligation to file such a petition, a dissenting Women.com
stockholder who desires such a petition to be filed is advised to file it on a
timely basis. No petition timely filed in the court demanding appraisal may be
dismissed as to a dissenting Women.com stockholder without the approval of the
court, and such approval may be conditioned upon such terms as the court deems
just.

   The provisions of Section 262 are technical in nature and complex. Women.com
stockholders desiring to exercise appraisal rights and obtain appraisal of the
fair value of their Women.com common stock should consult counsel, because
failure to comply strictly with the provisions of Section 262 may defeat their
appraisal rights.

Listing on the Nasdaq National Market of Shares of iVillage Common Stock to Be
Issued in the Merger

   It is a condition to the merger that the shares of iVillage common stock
issuable pursuant to the merger be authorized for listing on the Nasdaq
National Market, subject to official notice of issuance. iVillage common stock
is traded on the Nasdaq National Market under the symbol "IVIL."

                              THE MERGER AGREEMENT

   The following is a summary of the material terms of the merger agreement, as
amended as of February 22, 2001. A copy of the merger agreement is attached as
Annex A-1 to this joint proxy statement/prospectus and a copy of the amendment
to the merger agreement is attached as Annex A-2 to this joint proxy
statement/prospectus, both of which are incorporated in this document by
reference. All references in this joint proxy statement/prospectus to the
merger agreement mean the merger agreement as amended. This summary is
qualified by reference to the merger agreement. You should read the merger
agreement because it, and not this document, is the legal document that
governs the merger.

Merger Structure and Timing

   At the effective time of the merger, Stanhope Acquisition Sub, LLC, a wholly
owned subsidiary of iVillage, referred to in this joint proxy statement/
prospectus as "merger sub," will merge with and into Women.com, which will be
the surviving corporation in the merger and become a wholly owned subsidiary
of iVillage.

   The effective time of the merger will be the time we file the certificate of
merger with the Delaware Secretary of State or at a later time as we may agree
and specify in the certificate of merger. We currently anticipate that we will
complete the merger by March 31, 2001, assuming our stockholders approve the
merger at the special meetings and all other conditions to the merger have
been satisfied or waived.

Merger Consideration

   Exchange Ratio and Cash Consideration.  At the effective time of the
merger, each share of Women.com common stock issued and outstanding
immediately before the effective time of the merger (other than shares of
Women.com common stock held by Women.com, iVillage or the merger sub, which
will be canceled and retired) will be converted into 0.322 of a share (subject
to adjustment as described below) of iVillage common stock. In addition,
stockholders of Women.com will receive a cash payment equal to one percent of
the product of the average high and low prices of a share of iVillage common
stock on the Nasdaq National Market on the closing date of the merger
multiplied by 0.322 (subject to adjustment as described below). The exchange
ratio will decrease if Women.com does not have at least $12.0 million of
working capital and $20.0 million in cash as of March 31, 2001, or an adjusted
amount immediately before the closing of the merger if after such date. If the
actual cash and working capital of Women.com as of March 31, 2001 is less than
the required cash and working capital, or if, as of the day prior to the
closing of the merger, cash is less than the amount on hand as of March 31, 2001
less $166,666 per day for every day elapsed since March 31, 2001, or working
capital is materially less than the difference between the amount of working
capital as of March 31, 2001 less the reduction in Women.com's cash since March
31, 2001, Hearst Communications would have the option to purchase additional
shares of iVillage common stock in an amount equal to the amount of the
shortfall up to $2.0 million divided by $1.875. If the shortfall is more than
$2.0 million, but less than $4.0 million, then Hearst Communications must
purchase additional shares of iVillage common stock pursuant to the merger
agreement for the amount of the shortfall which exceeds $2.0 million, and Hearst
Communications will have the option to purchase shares with respect to the
additional $2.0 million shortfall amount. Hearst Communications will pay a
purchase price of $1.875 for each share purchased because of a shortfall.

   Fractional Shares. Certificates for fractional shares of iVillage common
stock will not be issued in the merger. Women.com stockholders that would
otherwise receive fractional shares will, instead, be entitled to receive a
cash payment equal to the value of these fractional share interests. The cash
payment for fractional shares is determined by multiplying the per share
closing price of iVillage common stock on the closing date by the fraction of
the share to which the holder is entitled.

Exchange Procedures

   As soon as reasonably practicable after the effective time of the merger, an
exchange agent will mail a letter of transmittal to each holder of record of
Women.com stock certificates. This letter of transmittal must be used in
surrendering Women.com stock certificates to the exchange agent for
cancellation. Upon surrender of a Women.com stock certificate for
cancellation, together with a duly executed letter of transmittal, the holder
of the Women.com stock certificate will be entitled to receive in exchange:

   o an iVillage stock certificate representing the whole number of shares of
     iVillage common stock that the holder has the right to receive;

   o a check representing the cash portion of the merger consideration and the
     amount of cash payable in lieu of any fractional shares of iVillage
     common stock, if any; and

   o unpaid dividends and distributions, if any, that the holder has the right
     to receive pursuant to the merger agreement, after giving effect to any
     required withholding tax.

   Women.com stockholders should not send in their Women.com stock certificates
until they receive the letter of transmittal.

   After the effective time of the merger, each Women.com stock certificate,
until surrendered and exchanged, will represent only the right to receive a
certificate representing shares of iVillage common stock and the cash portion
of the merger consideration and cash in lieu of fractional shares, if any, and
unpaid dividends and distributions, if any. Holders of Women.com stock
certificates will not be entitled to receive any dividends or other
distributions declared or made by iVillage having a record date on or after
the effective time of the merger until the Women.com stock certificates are
surrendered for exchange. Subject to applicable law, following surrender of
the Women.com stock certificates, dividends and distributions, if any, will be
paid without interest and less the amount of any required withholding taxes.

Treatment of Women.com Stock Options

   At the effective time, each outstanding option to purchase shares of
Women.com common stock under Women.com's stock option plans will be assumed by
iVillage. Each Women.com stock option that is assumed by iVillage will
continue to have, and be subject to, the same terms and conditions that were
applicable to the option immediately prior to the effective time, except that:

   o each Women.com stock option will be exercisable for shares of iVillage
     common stock, and the number of shares of iVillage common stock issuable
     upon exercise of any given option will be determined by multiplying 0.322
     (as may be decreased pursuant to the terms of the merger agreement as
     described above under "Merger Consideration") by the number of shares of
     Women.com common stock underlying the applicable option, rounded down to
     the nearest whole number;

   o the per share exercise price for iVillage common stock issuable upon
     exercise of a Women.com stock option will be determined by dividing the
     exercise price of the option immediately prior to the effective time by
     0.322 (subject to adjustment), rounded up to the nearest whole cent,
     minus the cash amount; and

   o all Women.com stock options subject to vesting shall become vested in
     full and immediately exercisable.

   iVillage has agreed to file a registration statement on Form S-8 for the
shares of iVillage common stock issuable with respect to the assumed Women.com
stock options within 30 days after the effective time. iVillage intends to
maintain the effectiveness of the registration statement for so long as any
iVillage stock options or other rights thereunder remain outstanding.

   Immediately prior to the effective time, any outstanding purchase rights
under Women.com's Employee Stock Purchase Plan will automatically be exercised
and paid for through accumulated payroll deductions. This will allow
participants to purchase shares of Women.com common stock under the plan prior
to the effective time. This shortened purchase period will expire immediately
following the new purchase date, and the plan will terminate immediately prior
to the effective time.

Representations and Warranties

   The merger agreement contains various representations and warranties by each
of iVillage and Women.com relating to, among other things:

   o the organization, good standing and foreign qualification of these
     parties and their respective subsidiaries;

   o the authorization, execution, delivery and enforceability of the merger
     agreement and related matters;

   o each of their capital structures and outstanding voting securities;

   o their respective subsidiaries;

   o the absence of conflicts with, violations of or defaults under the
     charters or bylaws of each party, or any material agreement or applicable
     law, which results from the execution or delivery of the merger agreement
     or the completion of the transactions contemplated by the merger
     agreement;

   o governmental or regulatory consents, approvals, authorization for
     consummation of the merger and compliance with laws, ordinances and
     regulations;

   o litigation or decrees against each party;

   o the documents and reports filed by them with the Securities and Exchange
     Commission, their financial statements and the accuracy of the
     information contained in these documents;

   o absence of certain material changes since September 30, 2000;

   o taxes;

   o material contracts;

   o intellectual property matters;

   o transactions with affiliates;

   o absence of discussions with third parties concerning an acquisition of
     such company;

   o brokerage and similar fees; and

   o the stockholder vote required in connection with the merger agreement and
     the other matters described in this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

   In addition, Women.com made representations with respect to:

   o retirement and other employee plans and benefit arrangements and matters
     relating to the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as
     amended;

   o labor matters;

   o insurance matters;

   o the inapplicability of anti-takeover statutes;

   o real and personal property matters;

   o environmental matters; and

   o employee/consulting matters and agreements.

Conduct of Business of Women.com and iVillage Before the Merger

   Women.com has agreed that, before the effective time of the merger, it will:

   o conduct its business in the ordinary course in a manner consistent with
     prior practice;

   o use its commercially reasonable efforts to preserve substantially intact
     its business organizations, keep available the services of its officers
     and employees and preserve current relationships;

   o comply in all material respects with applicable laws;

   o not declare or pay any dividends on or make other distributions in
     respect of any of its capital stock, except for dividends by wholly-owned
     subsidiaries, or redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire any shares of its
     capital stock;

   o not split, combine or reclassify any of its capital stock, or issue or
     authorize or propose the issuance of any other securities in respect of,
     in lieu of or in substitution for its capital stock;

   o not grant any new options, warrants, convertible securities or other
     rights outstanding as of the date of the merger agreement to acquire
     shares of its capital stock or convertible securities;

   o not take any actions which would make its representations and warranties
     not true in all material respects or result in any of the conditions to
     the merger not being satisfied;

   o not amend its certificate of incorporation or bylaws;

   o not incur any indebtedness for borrowed money or guarantee any
     indebtedness for borrowed money;

   o not make any loans or advances to anyone other than its subsidiaries or
     any loans or advances in the ordinary course of business which exceed
     $100,000;

   o not merge or consolidate with any other entity in any transaction or sell
     any business or assets in a single transaction or a series of
     transactions in which the aggregate consideration is $100,000 or greater;

   o not make any changes to its accounting policies;

   o not make any changes in employment terms for any of its directors or
     officers;

   o not alter, amend or create any obligations with respect to compensation,
     severance, benefits, change of control payments or any other payments to
     employees, directors or affiliates of Women.com or its subsidiaries, or
     make any changes to the benefit plans; and

   o not sell, license, mortgage or otherwise encumber or subject to any lien
     or otherwise dispose of any material properties or assets, other than in
     the ordinary course of business.

   iVillage has agreed that, before the effective time of the merger, it will
not enter into any transaction or agreement that would require the consent of
its stockholders other than the proposals submitted to iVillage stockholders
at the special meeting in connection with the merger agreement.

   The merger agreement does not prohibit the actions described above to the
extent contemplated by the merger agreement, or to the extent that the other
party has otherwise consented in writing.

Competing Acquisition Proposals for Women.com

   Women.com has agreed not to, directly or indirectly, solicit, initiate or
encourage, including by way of furnishing material non-public information, or
take any action designed to facilitate, directly or indirectly, any competing
acquisition proposal for Women.com or participate in any discussions or
negotiations concerning an acquisition proposal, or a proposal which may
reasonably lead to an acquisition proposal, for Women.com. Women.com must give
iVillage immediate notice of any proposal which may lead to an acquisition
proposal.

   However, at any time prior to the date that is the earlier of the 60th day
after February 5, 2001 and the stockholders' meeting of Women.com, Women.com's
board of directors may consider a superior proposal (as defined below), may
furnish information of Women.com to a person making a superior proposal and
participate in discussions of such proposal in the exercise of its fiduciary
duties if but only if Women.com's board of directors reasonably determines in
good faith, based on the written advice of independent outside legal counsel,
that it is required to do so to comply with its fiduciary duties to
Women.com's stockholders. Women.com is required to give iVillage immediate
notice in writing of the terms and conditions of the superior proposal, keep
iVillage apprised of the status of any discussions and give iVillage at least
72 hours advance written notice before it modifies, or proposes publicly to
modify, the recommendation of its board of directors for the approval of the
merger. Any information provided to a person or group in connection with a
superior proposal for Women.com is required to be provided pursuant to a
customary confidentiality agreement.

   Women.com has also agreed that it will, through its board of directors,
recommend approval of the merger and use its best efforts to solicit from its
stockholders proxies in favor of the merger. However, before the date
Women.com's stockholders approve the merger, the Women.com board of directors
may withdraw, modify or change its recommendation regarding the merger if, in
the good faith judgment of the Women.com board of directors based on written
advice of independent outside legal counsel that it must do so in order to
comply with its fiduciary duties to stockholders under applicable law.

   For purposes of the description of the merger agreement in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus, "acquisition proposal for Women.com" means, except for
the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement:

   o any bona fide proposal or offer from any person relating to any direct or
     indirect acquisition or purchase of 20% or more of the assets of
     Women.com and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or 20% or more of the
     combined voting power of the shares of Women.com's common stock;

   o any tender offer or exchange offer that if consummated would result in
     any other person beneficially owning 20% or more of the combined voting
     power of Women.com's common stock; or

   o any merger, consolidation, business combination, recapitalization,
     liquidation, dissolution or similar transaction involving Women.com or
     its subsidiaries in which the acquiring person or the acquiring person's
     stockholder(s) will own 20% or more of the combined voting power of
     Women.com.

   For purposes of the description of the merger agreement in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus, a "superior proposal" means any proposal made by a third
party:

   o relating to any direct or indirect acquisition or purchase of all or
     substantially all of the assets of Women.com and its subsidiaries, taken
     as a whole, or 80% of the combined voting power of the shares of
     Women.com voting stock;

   o relating to any tender offer or exchange offer that if consummated would
     result in any other person beneficially owning 80% or more of the
     combined voting power of Women.com's common stock; or

   o otherwise on terms which the board of directors of Women.com determines
     in its good faith judgment (based upon the advice of a financial advisor
     of nationally recognized reputation), taking into account the person
     making such proposal and the legal, financial, regulatory and other
     aspects of the proposal deemed appropriate by the board of directors of
     Women.com (1) is more favorable from a financial point of view than the
     merger to its stockholders, taken as a whole, (2) is reasonably capable
     of being completed and (3) for which financing is then committed or is
     capable of being obtained.

   Before taking any action in connection with a superior proposal for
Women.com, Women.com is required to immediately notify iVillage orally and in
writing of any requests for information or the receipt of any acquisition
proposal for Women.com or, which could reasonably be expected to lead to, an
acquisition proposal for Women.com, including the identity of the person or
group engaging in the discussions or negotiations, requesting the information
or making the competing acquisition proposal for Women.com, and the material
terms and conditions of any acquisition proposal for Women.com. Women.com is
required to keep iVillage fully informed on a timely basis of the status and
details of a superior proposal as well as any related discussions or
negotiations.

Additional Agreements

   iVillage and Women.com have also agreed that:

   o they will allow each other access to their financial, business and other
     information, subject to the confidentiality agreement signed by both
     parties;

   o they will notify each other of the occurrence or nonoccurrence of any
     event which would be likely to cause any representation or warranty to be
     untrue or inaccurate and any failure by such party to comply with or
     satisfy any covenant, condition or agreement to be complied with or
     satisfied by it in the merger agreement;

   o they will each call meetings of their respective stockholders to be held
     as promptly as practicable and use their reasonable best efforts to
     solicit the required vote to approve the merger and the merger agreement;

   o they will have their boards of directors recommend the approval of the
     merger and the merger agreement to their stockholders (subject, in the
     case of Women.com, to the exercise of its fiduciary duties);

   o their boards of directors will not: (1) withdraw or modify, or propose to
     withdraw or modify, in a manner adverse to the other, the approval or
     recommendation of their boards of directors of the merger or the merger
     agreement or (2) approve or recommend or propose publicly to approve or
     recommend an acquisition proposal or an acquisition agreement, except as
     set forth above in "Competing Acquisition Proposals for Women.com," and
     either iVillage or Women.com may take and disclose to its stockholders
     pursuant to Rules 14d-9 and 14e-2 under the Exchange Act a position with
     respect to a tender or exchange offer by a third party, which is
     consistent with its obligations under the merger agreement or make such a

     disclosure to its stockholders, if, in the reasonable good faith judgment
     of such board of directors after receiving advice from independent
     outside legal counsel, is consistent with its obligations under the
     merger agreement and is required by applicable law;

   o Women.com will give iVillage the opportunity to participate in the
     defense or settlement of any stockholder litigation against Women.com and
     its directors relating to the transactions contemplated by the merger and
     the merger agreement and Women.com will not agree to a settlement without
     iVillage's approval;

   o iVillage will maintain directors and officers insurance for current
     directors and officers of Women.com for a period of six years (however,
     iVillage is not required to maintain insurance which is more than 150%
     the current premiums) and will preserve the existing rights to
     indemnification of current and former directors, officers and employees
     of Women.com until the expiration of six years;

   o they will consult with each other on any press releases and other public
     announcements regarding the merger or the merger agreement;

   o they will prepare and iVillage will file the registration statement of
     which this joint proxy statement/ prospectus is a part;

   o they will each use their commercially reasonable efforts to take all
     actions and do all things necessary, proper or advisable under applicable
     laws and regulations (including ensuring that no anti-takeover statute or
     regulation is applicable to the merger) to consummate the merger and the
     other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement as soon as
     practicable after February 5, 2001;

   o they will each use their commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all
     approvals and consents, governmental or otherwise, necessary to
     consummate the merger and to contest and resist any action or proceeding,
     order or injunction which seeks to prohibit or materially impair the
     merger;

   o they will take all actions necessary to ensure no antitakeover statute
     becomes operative, and to minimize the effects of any antitakeover
     statute;

   o iVillage will use commercially reasonable efforts to cause to be approved
     for listing, subject to official notice of issuance, on the Nasdaq
     National Market, a sufficient number of shares of iVillage stock to be
     issued in the merger;

   o iVillage will use reasonable efforts to obtain a tax opinion from Orrick,
     Herrington & Sutcliffe LLP to the effect that the merger will not cause a
     loss to iVillage or its stockholders;

   o Women.com will cooperate with iVillage if iVillage decides to make an
     election pursuant to Section 338 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
     amended;

   o iVillage will perform or cause to be performed all obligations of the
     merger sub;

   o Women.com will cause all its current directors to resign and appoint
     directors nominated by iVillage to be effective upon consummation of the
     merger;

   o they will each provide the other a list of persons who may be its
     "affiliates" for purposes of Rule 145 under the Securities Act of 1933;

   o Women.com will use its reasonable best efforts to obtain from each of its
     affiliates a written undertaking in the form of a letter not to transfer
     shares of iVillage common stock issued to that person pursuant to the
     merger except pursuant to an effective registration statement or in
     compliance with Rule 145 or an exemption from the registration
     requirements under the Securities Act of 1933;

   o Women.com will take all commercially reasonable actions necessary to
     correct any noncompliance with Women.com employee benefit plans and all
     appropriate corporate action to cease benefit accruals under and
     terminate any 401(k) and retirement plans effective upon the closing and
     terminate its employee stock purchase plan effective prior to the closing;

   o iVillage will provide employees of Women.com who become employees of
     iVillage after the merger with benefits on terms and conditions
     substantially similar to similarly situated employees of iVillage, and

     recognize prior service with Women.com in determining eligibility to
     participate in the medical and 401(k) benefit plans; and

   o Women.com will provide a representative and assist iVillage in visits to
     and from advertisers.

Conditions to the Merger

   Conditions to Each Party's Obligation to Effect the Merger

   The respective obligations of each party to effect the merger are subject to
the satisfaction of the following conditions at or before the closing date of
the merger:

   o the approval of the merger agreement and the merger by the required vote
     of both parties' stockholders,

   o all necessary governmental and other third party consents,
     authorizations, orders and approvals having been obtained,

   o the absence of laws, regulations, injunctions or orders which would make
     the merger illegal or materially restrict or prohibit the merger,

   o the receipt of a tax opinion by iVillage and Women.com,

   o the authorization for listing on the Nasdaq National Market of the
     iVillage shares to be issued pursuant to the merger and upon exercise of
     the Women.com stock options, and

   o the registration statement of which this joint proxy statement/prospectus
     is a part shall have been declared effective by the Securities and
     Exchange Commission under the Securities Act of 1933 and no stop order
     suspending the effectiveness of the registration statement shall have
     been issued by the Securities and Exchange Commission and no proceedings
     for that purpose shall have been initiated or threatened.

   Conditions to Obligations of iVillage and Merger Sub to Effect the Merger

   The obligations of iVillage and merger sub to effect the merger are subject
to the satisfaction of the following additional conditions at or before the
closing date of the merger:

   o the representations and warranties of Women.com in the merger agreement
     shall be true and correct as of the closing (excluding any representation
     and warranty that refers specifically to any date other than the closing
     date),

   o Women.com must have performed in all material respects its covenants and
     agreements contained in the merger agreement required to be performed on
     or before the closing date of the merger,

   o iVillage shall have received a letter from each affiliate of Women.com
     regarding transfer of iVillage stock after the merger,

   o no injunction, award, decision, judgement, order, ruling, subpoena,
     verdict or decree shall have been issued by any court or other
     governmental entity which restrains or prohibits or results in the
     obtaining of damages or other relief from iVillage or merger sub in
     connection with the merger agreement or this merger,

   o no change, condition or event that results in or would reasonably be
     expected to result in a material adverse effect to Women.com shall have
     occurred,

   o the securities purchase agreement and the stockholder agreement with
     Hearst Communications shall be in full force and effect,

   o as at March 31, 2001, Women.com had at least $16.0 million in cash and
     $8.0 million of working capital (if the cash amount is at least $16.0
     million but less than $20.0 million, or if the working capital amount is
     at least $8.0 million but less than $12.0 million, the closing condition
     would be satisfied but the exchange ratio would be adjusted and Hearst
     Communications may be required to purchase additional shares of iVillage
     common stock),

   o Women.com's cash on hand immediately prior to the closing shall be equal
     to or greater than the difference between the amount of cash on the final
     statement of working capital as at March 31, 2001 minus the product of
     $166,666 multiplied by the number of days elapsed from March 31, 2001 to
     the date which is one day prior to the date of the closing,

   o Women.com's working capital immediately prior to the closing shall be in
     an amount which is not materially less than the difference between the
     amount of working capital as at March 31, 2001 minus the reduction in
     Women.com's cash on hand since March 31, 2001, and

   o Women.com shall have provided iVillage with a Foreign Investment and Real
     Property Tax Act of 1980 Notifications Letter and a notice in accordance
     with Treasury Regulation Section 1.897-2(h)(2).

   Conditions to Obligations of Women.com to Effect the Merger

   The obligations of Women.com to effect the merger are subject to the
satisfaction of the following additional conditions at or before the closing
date of the merger:

   o the representations and warranties of iVillage and merger sub under the
     merger agreement shall be true and correct as of the closing (excluding
     any representation and warranty that refers specifically to any other
     date other than the closing),

   o iVillage must have performed in all material respects its covenants and
     agreements contained in the merger agreement required to be performed on
     or before the closing date of the merger, and

   o no change, condition or event shall have occurred that has resulted in or
     would reasonably be expected to result in a material adverse effect to
     iVillage.

   For purposes of the merger agreement, "material adverse effect" means:

   o with respect to Women.com, any change, event or effect shall have
     occurred or been threatened that, when taken together with all other
     adverse changes, events or effects that have occurred or been threatened,
     is or is reasonably likely to be materially adverse to the business,
     operations, properties, condition (financial or otherwise), assets or
     liabilities (including contingent liabilities) of Women.com and its
     subsidiaries taken as a whole, or prevent or materially delay the
     performance by Women.com of any of its obligations under the merger
     agreement or the consummation of the merger. None of the following alone
     constitute a material adverse effect on Women.com:

      o a change in the market price or trading volume of Women.com common
        stock;

      o a loss by Women.com of its suppliers, customers or employees that is
        directly and principally related to iVillage being a party to the
        merger agreement;

      o changes in general economic conditions or changes affecting the
        industry in which iVillage or Women.com operates generally; or

      o an event which would otherwise constitute a material adverse effect
        which is the direct and principal result of an action or omission by
        Women.com which was taken or not taken at the specific instruction of
        iVillage.

   o with respect to iVillage, any change, event or effect shall have occurred
     or been threatened that, when taken together with all other adverse
     changes, events or effects that have occurred or been threatened, is or
     is reasonably likely to be materially adverse to the business,
     operations, properties, condition (financial or otherwise), assets or
     liabilities (including contingent liabilities) of iVillage and its
     subsidiaries taken as a whole, or prevent or materially delay the
     performance by iVillage of any of its obligations under the merger or the
     consummation of the merger or the other transactions contemplated by the
     merger agreement. None of the following alone constitute a material
     adverse effect on iVillage:

      o a change in the market price or trading volume of iVillage common
        stock;

      o a loss by iVillage of its suppliers, customers or employees that is
        directly and principally related to iVillage being a party to the
        merger agreement; or

      o changes in general economic conditions or changes affecting the
        industry in which iVillage or Women.com operates generally.

Termination

   The merger may be terminated and the merger abandoned prior to the effective
time:

   o by mutual written consent of the boards of directors of the parties;

   o by either iVillage, Women.com or merger sub, if a governmental entity has
     taken any action to permanently restrict, enjoin or prohibit any part of
     the merger and such action is final and non-appealable;

   o by iVillage, Women.com or merger sub, if the merger is not consummated on
     or before June 30, 2001;

   o by iVillage, if Women.com withdraws or modifies its recommendation or
     approval of the merger prior to the earlier of April 6, 2001 or the date
     of the Women.com stockholders meeting in response to a superior proposal;

   o by Women.com or iVillage, if the requisite approval of the iVillage
     stockholders or the Women.com stockholders is not obtained;

   o by iVillage or merger sub, if the conditions to their obligations to
     close are not satisfied or waived by iVillage and the merger sub, or
     Women.com materially breaches and fails to cure any of its
     representations, warranties, covenants or other obligations within 30
     days after written notice of such breach delivered to Women.com by
     iVillage; and

   o by Women.com, if the conditions to its obligations to close are not
     satisfied or waived by Women.com, or iVillage or merger sub materially
     breaches and fails to cure any of their representations, warranties,
     covenants or other obligations within 30 days after written notice of such
     breach delivered to iVillage by Women.com.

Termination Fees

   If iVillage terminates the merger agreement because Women.com withdraws or
modifies its recommendation or approval of the merger, Women.com is obligated
to pay iVillage a termination fee of $1.0 million.

   If iVillage terminates the merger agreement because the Women.com
stockholders do not approve the transaction, Women.com is obligated to pay
iVillage a termination fee of $1.0 million. In addition, if Women.com
terminates the merger agreement because the iVillage stockholders do not
approve the merger, iVillage is obligated to pay Women.com a termination fee
of $1.0 million.

Amendment and Waiver

   The parties may amend the merger agreement, by action taken or authorized by
their respective boards of directors, at any time before or after approval of
the matters presented in connection with the merger by the stockholders of the
parties. However, after any stockholder approval, the parties may not amend
the merger agreement if the law requires further approval by stockholders
unless the parties obtain that further approval.

   At any time before the effective time of the merger, each party may by
action taken by its board of directors, to the extent legally allowed to:

   o extend the time for the performance of any of the obligations or other
     acts of the other parties;

   o waive any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties made to that
     party in the merger agreement or in any document delivered pursuant to
     the merger agreement; and

   o waive compliance with any of the agreements or conditions of any other
     party or with any conditions to its own obligations contained in the
     merger agreement.

                             THE VOTING AGREEMENTS

   The following is a summary of certain provisions of the stockholder voting
agreements. This summary is qualified by reference to the stockholder voting
agreements, copies of which have been filed as exhibits to the registration
statement of which this joint proxy statement/prospectus forms a part. The
stockholder voting agreements, and not this document, are the legal documents
that govern the voting of shares subject to those agreements and the other
matters discussed in those agreements.

General

   In connection with the execution and delivery of the merger agreement:

   o America Online, Inc., National Broadcasting Company, Inc., GE Investments
     Subsidiary, Inc.  and Rho Management Trust I, each holders of iVillage
     common stock, have entered into stockholder voting agreements with
     iVillage; and

   o Hearst Communications, a holder of Women.com common stock, has entered
     into a stockholder voting agreement with iVillage.

Voting of Shares

   The stockholder voting agreements obligate the parties to vote their shares
in favor of the approval and adoption of the merger agreement and each of the
other transactions contemplated in the merger agreement and, except as
otherwise agreed to in writing by iVillage, to vote their shares against:

   o any action or agreement that would result in a breach of iVillage (or
     Women.com in the case of Hearst Communications' voting agreement) under
     the merger agreement;

   o any extraordinary corporate transaction, such as a merger, consolidation
     or other business combination of iVillage (or Women.com in the case of
     Hearst Communications' voting agreement);

   o a sale, lease or transfer of a material amount of assets or a
     reorganization, recapitalization, dissolution or liquidation of iVillage
     (or Women.com in the case of Hearst Communications' voting agreement);

   o any change in the board of directors;

   o any amendment of the certificate of incorporation of iVillage (or
     Women.com in the case of Hearst Communications' voting agreement), except
     that iVillage stockholders may vote their shares at the iVillage special
     stockholder meeting for the amendment to iVillage's certificate of
     incorporation to increase the number of shares of iVillage's authorized
     common stock; or

   o any other action which is intended, or could reasonably be expected, to
     impede, interfere with, delay, postpone, discourage or materially and
     adversely affect the contemplated benefits to iVillage of the merger and
     the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement.

   As of the record date, America Online, Inc. is obligated to vote ______
shares of iVillage common stock as provided above, representing approximately
__% of the outstanding shares of iVillage common stock, National Broadcasting
Company, Inc. is obligated to vote ______ shares of iVillage common stock as
provided above, representing approximately __% of the outstanding shares of
iVillage common stock, GE Investments Subsidiary, Inc. is obligated to vote
______ shares of iVillage common stock as provided above, representing
approximately ___% of the outstanding shares of iVillage common stock and Rho
Management Trust I is obligated to vote ______ shares of iVillage common stock
as provided above, representing approximately __% of the outstanding shares of
iVillage common stock.

   As of the record date, Hearst Communications is obligated to vote _____
shares of Women.com common stock as provided above, representing approximately
___% of the outstanding shares of Women.com common stock.

Additional Agreements

   The stockholders have also agreed that they will not, directly or
indirectly:

   o solicit, initiate or encourage (including by way of furnishing
     information) or otherwise take any action to facilitate, a competing
     acquisition proposal relating to iVillage (or Women.com in the case of
     Hearst Communications' voting agreement); or

   o participate in any discussions or negotiations regarding any proposal
     that constitutes, or that may lead to, a competing acquisition proposal.

   Each stockholder has also agreed not to authorize or permit any of its
officers, directors, employees, agents or representatives to engage in these
activities and to keep iVillage informed of the status and details of any
requests, competing acquisition proposals or inquiries.

Termination

   The obligations to vote shares pursuant to the stockholder voting agreements
terminate on the earlier of the delivery by iVillage to the stockholder of
written notice of iVillage's determination to terminate the stockholder voting
agreement, the termination of the merger agreement in accordance with the
terms thereof and the effective time of the merger.

             AGREEMENTS BETWEEN HEARST COMMUNICATIONS AND iVILLAGE

General

   In addition to the voting agreement described above under "The Voting
Agreements," iVillage and Hearst Communications entered into a securities
purchase agreement dated as of February 5, 2001 and amended and restated as of
February 22, 2001 and, as a condition to the closing of the merger, will enter
into a stockholder agreement and a magazine content license and hosting
agreement. The following is a summary of certain provisions of the securities
purchase agreement, as amended and restated, the stockholder agreement and the
magazine content license and hosting agreement.

The Securities Purchase Agreement

   Overview. Pursuant to the securities purchase agreement, Hearst
Communications will pay to iVillage an aggregate purchase price of up to $20.0
million for up to 9,324,000 shares of iVillage's common stock and a warrant
(with an exercise price of $0.01 per share) to purchase up to 2,100,000 shares
of iVillage's common stock. The warrant is exercisable at any time prior to
December 31, 2004, but only if the average closing price of iVillage common
stock exceeds $3.75 for at least fifteen consecutive trading days. Under the
securities purchase agreement, iVillage agreed to conduct a rights offering
upon the terms described in "The Rights Offering." Hearst Communications has
agreed to reimburse iVillage for expenses related to the rights offering that
exceed $100,000. The closing of the transactions contemplated by the
securities purchase agreement will occur concurrently with the closing of the
merger.

   The number of shares of iVillage common stock to be purchased by Hearst
Communications, and the aggregate purchase price, under the securities purchase
agreement are subject to adjustment as described below under "- Additional
Purchase Obligations" and "The Merger Agreement - Merger Consideration."
Additionally, the number of shares of iVillage common stock and warrants to
purchase iVillage common stock to be purchased by Hearst Communications under
the securities purchase agreement and the aggregate purchase price will be
reduced on a one-for-one basis by the number of shares of iVillage common stock
and warrants to purchase iVillage common stock purchased by the other Women.com
stockholders in the rights offering.

   Representations and Warranties. Both iVillage and Hearst Communications
make various representations and warranties in the securities purchase
agreement. iVillage makes representations and warranties relating to, among
other things:

   o the organization, good standing and foreign qualification of iVillage and
     its subsidiaries;

   o the authorization, execution, delivery and enforceability of the
     securities purchase agreement and related matters;

   o the absence of conflicts with, violations of or defaults under the
     charter or bylaws of iVillage, or any material agreement or applicable
     law, resulting from the execution or delivery of the securities purchase
     agreement or the completion of the transactions contemplated by the
     securities purchase agreement;

   o governmental or regulatory consents, approvals, authorization for
     execution of the securities purchase agreement and compliance with laws,
     ordinances and regulations;

   o iVillage's capital structure and outstanding voting securities;

   o litigation or decrees against iVillage;

   o iVillage's subsidiaries;

   o the documents and reports filed by iVillage with the Securities and
     Exchange Commission, iVillage's financial statements and the accuracy of
     the information contained in these documents;

   o the absence of certain material changes since September 30, 2000;

   o intellectual property matters;

   o brokerage and similar fees; and

   o taxes.

   Hearst Communications makes representations and warranties relating to,
among other things:

   o the organization and good standing of Hearst Communications, and its
     power and authority to perform its obligations under the securities
     purchase agreement;

   o the absence of any violations or contraventions of Hearst Communications'
     charter, bylaws or other organizational documents, or any material
     agreement or applicable law, resulting from the execution or delivery of
     the securities purchase agreement or the completion of the transactions
     contemplated by the securities purchase agreement;

   o governmental or regulatory consents, approvals, authorization for
     execution of the securities purchase agreement and compliance with the
     law, ordinances and regulations;

   o Hearst Communications' investment intent and status as an accredited
     investor;

   o brokerage and similar fees;

   o ownership of iVillage securities;

   o Hearst Communications' ability to pay for the securities contemplated by
     the securities purchase agreement; and

   o Hearst Communications' reliance on the representations and warranties of
     iVillage contained in the securities purchase agreement and the
     information filed by iVillage with the Securities and Exchange
     Commission.

   Closing Conditions. The obligation of each party to consummate the
transactions contemplated by the securities purchase agreement are subject to
the satisfaction or waiver of the following conditions:

   o the absence of any pending or threatened injunction or governmental order
     prohibiting the transaction;

   o the receipt of all necessary governmental approvals; and

   o the merger shall have become effective.

   In addition, Hearst Communications' obligation to consummate the
transactions contemplated by the securities purchase agreement is subject to
the satisfaction or waiver of the following conditions:

   o the accuracy on the closing date of iVillage's representations and
     warranties contained in the securities purchase agreement;

   o the increase in the size of iVillage's board of directors to ten members
     and the appointment of the Hearst Communications' designees to the
     iVillage board of directors;

   o the execution by iVillage of the stockholder agreement, the warrant and
     the magazine content license and hosting agreement;

   o the performance by iVillage of all agreements and conditions required to
     be performed or complied with by it on or prior to the closing of the
     transaction contemplated by the securities purchase agreement; and

   o the receipt by Hearst Communications from Orrick, Herrington & Sutcliffe
     LLP of an opinion of counsel with respect to the issuance of the
     securities and related matters.

   Similarly, iVillage's obligation to consummate the transactions contemplated
by the securities purchase agreement is subject to the satisfaction or waiver
of the following conditions:

   o the accuracy on the closing date of Hearst Communications'
     representations and warranties contained in the securities purchase
     agreement;

   o the execution by Hearst Communications of the stockholder agreement and
     the magazine content license and hosting agreement;

   o the reimbursement by Hearst Communications of iVillage for all rights
     offering expenses to the extent required by the securities purchase
     agreement; and

   o the performance by Hearst Communications of all agreements and conditions
     required to be performed or complied with by it on or prior to the
     closing of the transaction contemplated by the securities purchase
     agreement.

   Covenants. Under the securities purchase agreement, iVillage and Hearst
Communications covenant that they will:

   o use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all necessary approvals and
     authorizations and to make all necessary filings;

   o obtain the other party's approval prior to making any public announcement
     regarding the transactions contemplated by the securities purchase
     agreement;

   o execute and deliver such additional documents and take such further
     actions as necessary to carry out the terms of the securities purchase
     agreement; and

   o cooperate with each other to consummate, as promptly as possible, the
     transactions contemplated by the securities purchase agreement.

   Termination. The securities purchase agreement may be terminated if both
iVillage and Hearst Communications consent in writing to termination of the
agreement. In addition, either party may terminate the agreement if:

   o the transaction does not close by June 30, 2001;

   o the closing conditions set forth in the securities purchase agreement are
     not satisfied;

   o there is a governmental order prohibiting the transaction; or

   o the merger agreement is terminated pursuant to its own terms.

   Indemnification. iVillage and Hearst Communications will indemnify each
other for breaches by the other party of representations, warranties,
covenants or agreements contained in the securities purchase agreement, the
stockholder agreement and the warrant. iVillage and Hearst Communications will
not indemnify each other for breaches by the other party of representations,
warranties, covenants or agreements contained in the magazine content license
and hosting agreement, which contains its own indemnification provisions.

   Additional Purchase Obligations. The securities purchase agreement provides
that if Women.com stockholders holding in excess of two percent of the number
of shares of Women.com common stock outstanding as of the record date for the
Women.com special stockholders meeting exercise dissenters' rights in
connection with the merger, iVillage can require Hearst Communications to
purchase additional shares of iVillage common stock at a price of $1.875 per
share.  See "The Merger - Rights of Dissenting Women.com Stockholders" for
information regarding Women.com stockholders' dissenters' rights.  The number
of shares of iVillage common stock that Hearst Communications would be
required to purchase in such event would equal the number of Women.com
dissenting shares in excess of two percent of the outstanding Women.com shares
as of the record date for the Women.com special stockholders meeting multiplied
by the exchange ratio of 0.322 (subject to adjustment).

Stockholder Agreement

   As a condition to the closing of the merger, iVillage and Hearst
Communications will enter into a stockholder agreement. The stockholder
agreement sets forth certain obligations, restrictions and limitations
relating to the securities purchased by Hearst Communications pursuant to the
merger agreement and the securities purchase agreement. The stockholder
agreement applies to all voting securities of iVillage owned by Hearst
Communications on the date of the agreement and all voting securities of
iVillage subsequently acquired by Hearst Communications. The following is a
summary of the material terms of the stockholder agreement.

   Purchase Restrictions. The stockholder agreement places a cap on the number
of iVillage voting securities that Hearst Communications and its affiliates
may own. This cap may be exceeded only with (i) the unanimous

written consent of the iVillage board of directors or (ii) the approval of all
of the non-Hearst Communications board designees present at a meeting of the
iVillage board of directors at which a quorum is present. Under the
stockholder agreement, Hearst Communications and its affiliates will be
prohibited from owning voting securities of iVillage in excess of a specified
percentage of the total number of iVillage voting securities outstanding at
any time. This specified percentage, which will not be calculated until the
closing of the merger, will be determined by:

   o calculating the total number of outstanding iVillage voting securities
     owned by Hearst Communications or its affiliates on the closing date of
     the merger and the total number of outstanding convertible securities,
     options, warrants or other rights exercisable for or convertible into
     iVillage voting securities, with or without the passage of time or the
     satisfaction of specified conditions, owned by Hearst Communications or
     its affiliates on the closing date of the merger; and

   o dividing the number calculated in the manner described above by the sum
     of the total number of iVillage voting securities outstanding on the
     closing date of the merger and the number of shares of iVillage voting
     securities represented by warrants for iVillage common stock held by
     Hearst Communications or its affiliates on the closing date of the
     merger.

   Assuming that:

   o no Women.com stockholders participate in the rights offering;

   o Hearst Communications is not required to, and does not elect to, purchase
     additional iVillage common stock pursuant to the merger agreement;

   o there are 54,233,431 shares of iVillage common stock outstanding after
     the merger; and

   o Women.com stockholders holding in excess of two percent of the number of
     shares of Women.com common stock outstanding as of the record date for the
     Women.com special stockholders meeting do not exercise dissenters' rights
     in connection with the merger

the cap would equal 32.6% and Hearst Communications and its affiliates would
be prohibited from owning iVillage voting securities or securities convertible
into or exercisable for iVillage voting securities in excess of 32.6% of the
total number of outstanding iVillage voting securities.

   Restrictions on Stockholder Activities. The stockholder agreement provides
that unless Hearst Communications obtains (i) the unanimous written consent of
iVillage's board of directors or (ii) the approval of all of the non-Hearst
Communications board designees present at a meeting of the iVillage board of
directors at which a quorum is present, Hearst Communications may not, as it
relates to iVillage, initiate or engage in proxy solicitations, solicit
stockholders or induce others to do so, initiate stockholder proposals or
tender offers, call stockholders' meetings, act by written consent or place
any voting securities in a voting trust or other voting agreement.

   Quorum Obligations. The stockholder agreement requires Hearst
Communications and each of its affiliates to be present in person or
represented by proxy at all iVillage stockholder meetings so that their
iVillage shares may be counted for the purpose of determining a quorum.

   Voting Obligations. The stockholder agreement does not restrict Hearst
Communications' or its affiliates' ability to vote their iVillage shares to
the extent that the aggregate amount of such shares does not exceed 25% of the
outstanding iVillage voting securities as of the date of the calculation.
However, any voting securities held by Hearst Communications or its affiliates
in excess of 25% of the outstanding voting securities must be voted by Hearst
Communications and its affiliates in the manner recommended to iVillage
stockholders by (i) the unanimous written consent of iVillage's board of
directors or (ii) the non-Hearst Communications board designees present at a
meeting of the iVillage board of directors at which a quorum is present. This
25% threshold will be increased to the extent Hearst Communications is
required to purchase additional shares of iVillage common stock as discussed
above under "--The Securities Purchase Agreement--Additional Purchase
Obligations."

   Board Representation. Effective upon the closing, the stockholder agreement
requires iVillage to appoint three representatives of Hearst Communications to
separate classes of the iVillage board of directors. iVillage must appoint one
of these board members to the nominating committee and one to the compensation
committee. In addition, the stockholder agreement requires iVillage to appoint
five independent directors to the board. An

independent director is defined as any person who is not and has not been for
the past three years affiliated with Hearst Communications or its affiliates
or an employee of iVillage or any of its subsidiaries.

   So long as Hearst Communications or its affiliates holds at least 10% of the
outstanding voting securities of iVillage, Hearst Communications may recommend
and iVillage's nominating committee must recommend to the iVillage board that
number of nominees of Hearst Communications or its affiliates as follows:

   o so long as Hearst Communications holds at least 80% of its initial equity
     investment, Hearst Communications may designate three nominees;

   o so long as Hearst Communications holds at least 66%, but less than 80%,
     of its initial equity investment,  Hearst Communications may designate
     two nominees;

   o so long as Hearst Communications holds at least 10% of the voting
     securities of iVillage, but less than 66% of its initial equity
     investment, Hearst Communications may designate one nominee.

   Hearst Communications' initial equity investment is determined as follows:

   o first, determine the number of iVillage voting securities (including
     securities convertible into or exercisable for iVillage voting
     securities) held by Hearst Communications and its affiliates immediately
     following the closing of the merger,

   o second, divide the number calculated in the manner described above by the
     sum of the total number of outstanding iVillage voting securities as of
     the closing date of the merger and the number of voting securities
     issuable upon conversion or exercise of any other iVillage securities
     held by Hearst Communications or its affiliates as of the closing date of
     the merger, and

   o third, multiply the percentage resulting from steps one and two above by
     the sum of the total number of iVillage voting securities outstanding as
     of the date of the determination and the number of shares of iVillage
     common stock issuable upon exercisable of any warrants held by Hearst
     Communications or its affiliates.

   If, after the election of directors pursuant to the above requirements, the
number of voting securities held by Hearst Communications decreases below the
stated thresholds, any excess directors must immediately resign. If the number
of voting securities held by Hearst Communications falls below ten percent
(10%) of the initial equity investment, all Hearst Communications designated
board members must immediately resign and all quorum and voting obligations
cease. However, if the number of voting securities held by Hearst
Communications returns to 10% or more of the initial equity investment, all
rights and obligations under the agreement revive for the duration of the term
of the agreement.

   The stockholder agreement also provides that if iVillage issues voting
securities in a single transaction or a series of related transactions and the
number of iVillage voting securities outstanding immediately after such
transaction or series of related transactions:

   o is greater than 20% but less than 40%, then, at the request of iVillage,
     Hearst Communications and its affiliates must cooperate with iVillage and
     take all action reasonably necessary to increase the size of the iVillage
     board of directors to 11 and to fill the vacancy resulting therefrom with
     an independent director, or

   o is equal to or greater than 40%, then, at the request of iVillage, Hearst
     Communications and its affiliates must cooperate with iVillage and take
     all action reasonably necessary to increase the size of the iVillage
     board of directors to 12 and to fill the vacancies resulting therefrom
     with two independent directors.

In either case, the independent directors appointed as a result of the
increased board size must be approved by either (i) the unanimous written
consent of the iVillage board of directors or (ii) all members of the iVillage
board of directors at any properly noticed board meeting at which a quorum is
present, including all of the non-Hearst Communications board designees
present at the meeting.

   Transfer Restrictions. Except for certain permitted transfers, for so long
as Hearst Communications and its affiliates own voting securities representing
at least ten percent (10%) of iVillage's outstanding voting securities, Hearst
Communications may not transfer any voting securities of iVillage without (i)
the approval of all of the

non-Hearst Communications directors present at a meeting of the board of
directors of iVillage at which a quorum is present or (ii) the unanimous
written consent of the iVillage board of directors. The following transfers
will be permitted without the approval of the non-Hearst directors or the
unanimous written consent of the iVillage board of directors:

   o a pledge of voting securities pursuant to a bona fide loan transaction
     that creates a mere security interest;

   o a repurchase of voting securities by iVillage;

   o a bona fide gift of voting securities;

   o a sale or transfer of voting securities to a third party that does not
     result in the third party holding more than 10% of iVillage's voting
     securities;

   o a sale or transfer of voting securities pursuant to a tender offer or
     exchange approved by the board of directors;

   o a sale or transfer of voting securities in connection with a merger or
     consolidation approved by the iVillage board of directors; and

   o a sale or transfer in connection with the sale of all or substantially
     all of iVillage's assets approved by the iVillage board of directors.

   In the case of pledges and gifts, Hearst Communications must notify iVillage
in advance and the transferee must agree to be bound by the stockholder
agreement. In addition, without obtaining approval from the non-Hearst
Communications members of the board of directors, Hearst Communications may
transfer voting securities to its affiliates provided that the affiliates
agree to be bound by the terms of the stockholder agreement. In the event that
Hearst Communications ceases to own or control at least 80% of the affiliate
or ceases to control the management or policies of the affiliate, the
affiliate will lose all ownership and voting rights in the voting securities
and will be required to transfer them back to Hearst Communications.

   Term. The stockholder agreement expires in five years unless earlier
terminated by mutual written consent of iVillage and Hearst Communications.
Upon any early termination, any Hearst Communications designees serving on the
iVillage board of directors must resign immediately.

Magazine Content License and Hosting Agreement

   Pursuant to the merger, iVillage will assume an amended and restated
magazine content license and hosting agreement, which was originally entered
into between Women.com and Hearst Communications. Under this agreement, and an
amendment number two to the agreement which iVillage and Hearst Communications
intend to execute upon the closing of the merger, iVillage will provide
production and hosting services for certain web sites affiliated with selected
Hearst magazines, including Good Housekeeping, Redbook, Cosmopolitan and
Country Living. These sites will be part of the iVillage network. The magazine
sites will be on URL's owned by Hearst Communications.

   Under the agreement, as amended, iVillage agrees to provide to Hearst
Communications website production and hosting services, including the creation
of original site content which will be owned by Hearst Communications. In
consideration for these services, Hearst Communications agrees to:

   o pay iVillage at least $5.0 million per year for production services
     during the three-year term of the agreement, for a total of at least $15
     million;

   o place at least $2.0 million of Hearst Communications advertising per year
     (total of at least $6 million) on the network, which amount may be
     increased in the second and third years of the agreement if Hearst
     Communications fails to pay iVillage the required fees for production
     services as described above. If such a shortfall in production fees
     occurs in the second and third years of the agreement, Hearst
     Communications must place additional advertising in an amount equal to
     40% of the production fee shortfall; and

   o grant to iVillage a right of first offer on any new internet-based
     development projects initiated by Hearst Communications that are
     appropriate for inclusion on the network.

   The agreement also provides for revenue sharing between iVillage and Hearst
Communications with respect to advertising revenues obtained by iVillage from
the Hearst magazine websites and other iVillage websites containing
substantial Hearst content. This revenue sharing arrangement requires that
iVillage pay Hearst Communications a royalty payment based on net advertising
revenues of at least $3.9 million during the three year term of the agreement.
This amount is reducible pro rata if Hearst Communications fails to expend the
$5.0 million in production fees in the second and third years of the
agreement.

   Exclusivity. Pursuant to the agreement, iVillage agrees that it will not,
without the prior written consent of Hearst Communications:

   o enter into any agreement to include in iVillage's network of websites any
     sites for magazines that compete with the Hearst magazines listed in the
     agreement;

   o display on the magazine websites any advertising or other promotional
     materials from magazines that compete with the Hearst magazines listed in
     the agreement;

   o display on an iVillage webpage the brands, logos, trademarks or
     proprietary content of both Hearst Communications and a Hearst
     Communications competitor.

   Under the agreement, Hearst Communications agrees that it will not enter
into, with an iVillage competitor, any internet distribution agreements that
relate to Hearst content covered by the agreement nor will it grant any entity
the right to display on the internet content that has appeared on the magazine
websites in substantially the same form and format as it appeared on the
magazine website (other than materials posted on the website verbatim to the
way they were initially published by Hearst Communications). However, Hearst
Communications is permitted to license the content or trademarks of its
magazines to any internet site or portal that is not deemed to be an iVillage
competitor, subject only to the  restrictions in the foregoing sentence, and
to use the Hearst content in international editions of its magazine and on the
internet. The agreement defines an iVillage competitor to include any internet
site, channel, area or online content aggregation service that provides
content primarily for women, is targeted primarily at women, is used primarily
by women and is primarily targeted to any country or region in the world where
iVillage is targeted.

   Warranties. In the agreement, Hearst Communications warrants that it will
not provide any content to iVillage or publish any content that, and iVillage
warrants that it will not post to the magazine websites any content that:

   o infringes on any third party's proprietary rights or rights to publicity
     or privacy;

   o violates any law, statute, ordinance or regulation;

   o is defamatory, trade libelous, unlawfully threatening or harassing;

   o is obscene or pornographic;

   o violates any laws regarding unfair competition, antidiscrimination or
     false advertising; or

   o to the best of the party's knowledge, contains any viruses or other
     damaging computer problems.

   Term. The term of the magazine content license and hosting agreement will
be three years from the effective date of the amendment. However, the
agreement may be terminated by either party immediately upon written notice if
the other party:

   o becomes the subject of any proceeding relating to insolvency,
     receivership or liquidation;

   o files or has filed against it a petition in bankruptcy that is not
     discharged within 30 days;

   o makes an assignment for the benefit of its creditors; or

   o admits in writing its inability to pay debts as they become due.

   In addition, either party has the right to terminate the magazine content
license and hosting agreement in the event of a "change of control" of the
other party. A "change of control" is defined in the magazine content license
and hosting agreement to mean: (i) a sale of all or substantially all of the
assets of iVillage; (ii) a merger or consolidation of iVillage with or into
another corporation or entity with the effect that, immediately after such

merger or consolidation, none of the existing holders of iVillage voting stock
immediately before such merger or consolidation holds, and the existing holders
of iVillage voting stock immediately before such merger or consolidation do not
hold, in the aggregate, at least 50% of the combined voting power of the then
voting stock of the surviving corporation of such merger or the corporation or
other entity resulting from such consolidation, (iii) the acquisition of 20% or
more of the voting stock of iVillage by an entity other than Hearst
Communications, (iv) the adoption by iVillage of a plan of complete or partial
liquidation or (v) certain bankruptcy events.

                        INFORMATION CONCERNING iVILLAGE

Business of iVillage

   Overview

   iVillage is a new media company, which operates iVillage.com, Lamaze
Publishing and the Newborn Channel. iVillage.com is a leading women's online
destination providing practical solutions and everyday support for women 18
and over. Lamaze Publishing produces advertising supported educational
materials for expectant and new parents. The Newborn Channel is a satellite
television network in over 1,000 hospitals nationwide.

   iVillage.com is organized into communities across multiple topics of high
importance to women and offers interactive services, peer support, content and
online access to experts and tailored shopping opportunities. The content
areas include Astrology, Babies, Beauty, Books, Computing, Diet & Fitness,
Food, Games, Health, Home & Garden, Lamaze, Money, News & Issues, Parenting,
Pets, Relationships, Shopping and Work. iVillage facilitates use across
content areas by providing common features, positioning and functionality
within each area and across the network, resulting in a consistent and
strongly branded environment.

   iVillage is recognized as an industry leader in developing innovative
sponsorship and commerce relationships that match the desire of marketers to
reach women with the needs of iVillage.com members for relevant information
and services. Membership to iVillage.com is free and provides features such as
email, personal homepages, instant messaging and other community tools.

   iVillage.com's page views have grown to a monthly average of 214 million for
the quarter ended December 31, 2000.

   iVillage Content Areas

   iVillage.com is organized around content specific areas that focus on issues
of most importance to women and provide interactive services, peer support and
online access to experts and tailored shopping opportunities. iVillage.com is
updated daily to promote content and community, including highlights. The
following table provides a brief description of the features of each content
area as of February 15, 2001:

Area                    Description

Astrology               A site providing users with horoscopes, celebrity profiles, romance charts,
                        monthly guidance and the ability to purchase astrology reports.

Babies                  A parenting community center site that caters to women who are trying to
                        conceive, are expecting or are new parents and includes bulletin boards and
                        weekly chats on both AOL and the Web.

Beauty                  A site offering users beauty advice, product reviews and access to hair,
                        makeup and skincare experts. The beauty channel has been contributed to a
                        joint venture between Unilever PLC and iVillage.

Books                   A book and reading site for readers interested in a wide range of books that
                        allows users to discuss featured books and offers Monthly Book Picks,
                        Question of the Week, Reading Groups and iVillage.com Bestsellers.

Diet & Fitness          A diet and fitness site which includes Body Calculators, Nutrition Experts
                        and Community Challenges to improve one's fitness level.

Entertainment           An area which includes iVillage Radio, celebrity interviews, jokes, and
                        entertainment-related tools and quizzes.

Food                    A food site providing information on meal planning, nutrition and recipes
                        which includes Food Experts and Cooking Basics.

Games                   A site offering users the ability to participate in a variety of games.

                        One of the leading health sites on the Internet, Health assists users in
                        becoming better health care decision makers through bulletin boards and
Health                  weekly chats on AOL and the Web.

                        A home and garden site offering users information and tools on gardening
Home & Garden           issues.

                        A financial planning site providing users with information on savings and
Money                   investment strategies focusing on key life stages of women.

News & Issues           A site offering users information on current news.

                        A parenting site providing users with a branded online community where
                        parents share parenting solutions, talk with experts and find answers and
Parenting               support.

                        A site that provides information on caring for your pet, selecting a breed
                        and features an automated adoption and veterinarian-finder tool sponsored by
Pets                    the American Humane Association and American Animal Hospital Association.

                        An area for expectant parents providing information on fertility and
Pregnancy               pregnancy, including Lamaze.com.

                        A site offering users information and conversation on love, marriage, sex and
Relationships           family.

                        A one-stop online shopping destination offering users easy access to retail
Shopping                Web sites.

                        A site providing women who work from home with tools and resources such as
                        Home Office Basics, a Tax Guide and a Software Library. The site also
                        provides women with tools and resources relating to professional development
Work                    and career-related issues.

   iVillage believes that user support is critical in order to attract and
retain users. iVillage provides user support primarily through e-mail-based
correspondence. Help and feedback buttons are prominently displayed throughout
iVlllage.com, and iVillage.com's user support staff attempts to respond to all
e-mail queries within 24 hours. In addition, community leaders provide e-mail
support for broad-ranging issues. iVillage does not charge for these services.

   Sponsorship and Advertising Revenues

   iVillage has derived a significant amount of its revenues to date from the
sale of sponsorships and advertisements. For the years ended December 31, 2000
and 1999 sponsorship and advertising revenues represented 92% and 95%,
respectively, of iVillage's revenues.

   iVillage's strategy is focused in part on generating a majority of its
advertising revenues from sponsors and merchants who seek a cost-effective
means to reach women online. iVillage is aggressively working to build its
leadership position as the preeminent women's brand to the advertising
community. iVillage's sponsorship arrangements typically differ from
traditional banner advertising in that they are designed to achieve broad
marketing objectives such as brand promotion, awareness, product introductions
and online research. Sponsorships allow iVillage to cater to the specific
goals of advertisers in the areas of impressions, product research, market
research, new product launches, list development, product information,
repositioning, new account openings, lead generation and transactions.
Sponsors also have the opportunity to develop a dialogue with their key
consumer prospects through iVillage's message boards, chats, polls and special
events, which allows sponsors the opportunity to gain insights into their
customers. iVillage's sponsorship arrangements generally have longer terms
than typical banner advertising placements, provide for higher CPMs per
advertiser and independence from page-views as the sole measure of value. In
addition, iVillage occasionally develops extensive content to support the
marketing initiatives of advertisers. iVillage's sponsorship agreements can be
exclusive.

   iVillage also derives a smaller portion of its sponsorship and advertising
revenues from banner advertisements that are prominently displayed at the top
and bottom of pages throughout iVillage.com. From

each banner advertisement, viewers can hyperlink directly to the advertiser's
own Web site, thus providing the advertiser the opportunity to directly
interact with an interested customer.

   During the years ended December 31, 2000 and 1999, iVillage's five largest
advertisers accounted for approximately 23% and 20%, respectively, of its
total revenues. At December 31, 2000, one customer accounted for approximately
11% of the net accounts receivable, and at December 31, 1999, no advertiser
accounted for more than 10% of total revenues. The following is a select list of
iVillage's advertisers:

               Amazon.com                            Johnson & Johnson
               Fuji Photo Film USA                   Kimberly-Clark
               Glaxo Wellcome                        Dasani (Coco-Cola)
               Procter & Gamble                      Bristol Myers Squibb
               Unilever PLC

   Membership

   iVillage believes a large and active membership base is critical to its
success. Some features of iVillage's Web sites are restricted to members.
Membership is free and available to iVillage.com visitors who disclose their
names, e-mail addresses, zip codes, ages and gender and choose a member name
and password to be used throughout member-only areas. Members form
iVillage.com's core audience and are its most valuable users. E-mail, instant
messaging, community challenges, message boards and chats are examples of
members-only benefits.

   iVillage recognizes the importance of maintaining the confidentiality of
member information and has a privacy policy to protect such information. In
addition, iVillage Health is a founding member of the Health Internet Ethics,
or Hi-Ethics, organization. iVillage's current privacy policy is accessible
through a link from the iVillage.com home page as well as every Web page on
iVillage.com, including the page where a person initially registers for
membership. iVillage's current policy is to never sell or disclose to any
third party any member's personal identifying information such as his or her
name or address, unless the member has provided consent in the form of an
"opt-in" or in certain limited situations as described in iVillage's privacy
policy. For example, in some situations, iVillage does allow a third-party
partner access to database information it if is necessary for the delivery of
a member service, such as e-mail. In these instances, the partner has
generally agreed to be bound by iVillage's current policy. iVillage does share
aggregated member information with third parties, such as average age or
geographic dispersion. iVillage also reserves the right to offer members
products and services. iVillage may use information revealed by members and
information built from user behavior to target advertising, content and e-
mail. For instance, iVillage may, on behalf of an advertiser, send e-mail
offers to all members from a particular region or target advertisements to all
users who frequent a specific area of the site.

   Lamaze Publishing and the Newborn Channel

   Lamaze Publishing is used to solidify iVillage's leading position in the
parenting category. Lamaze Publishing produces advertising-supported
educational materials for expectant and new parents and is the exclusive
licensee of the LAMAZE mark for use in connection with consumer publications
and other communications, which include print, audio, visual and other
consumer oriented media, that are commercial in nature. Lamaze Publishing is
also the exclusive marketing agent for Lamaze International, Inc., the owner
of the LAMAZE family of marks. iVillage also operates the Lamaze.com Web site.

   Lamaze is a method of childbirth preparation based on the Lamaze philosophy
of birth. The Lamaze philosophy of birth states that birth is "normal, natural
and healthy," and "childbirth education empowers women to make informed
choices in healthcare, to assume responsibility for their health and trust
their inner wisdom".

   Lamaze International was founded by interested parents, childbirth educators
and healthcare providers in 1960 to promulgate these ideas. Lamaze Publishing
was established as a for-profit company in 1990 to provide childbirth and
infant care educational materials.

   During a pregnancy and immediately after the birth of a child, new parents
spend substantial amounts of time with childbirth educators and maternity
nurses seeking information on healthcare issues, the birth process and infant
care. These busy healthcare professionals typically have neither the time nor
the resources to create the

consumer publications or communications that would assist this process and
allow parents to absorb this material at home.

   The Lamaze Publishing business strategy is to provide these consumer
publications or communications to childbirth educators and maternity nurses
free of charge, and offset the expense incurred by selling print advertising
and commercial messages to advertisers who target the young family market.

   Lamaze Publishing publications, used and distributed to parents by
childbirth educators and maternity nurses nationwide, include:

   o Lamaze Parents, a prenatal publication used in childbirth education.
     Topics include prenatal nutrition, the role of the childbirth partner,
     and the physical and emotional challenges of pregnancy. Childbirth
     educators distribute Lamaze Parents to expectant parents on the first
     night of class. Lamaze Parents had an average annual circulation of
     approximately 2,400,000 for 2000.

   o Lamaze Baby, a parenting guide for mothers from the time a child is born
     through twelve months of life written entirely by healthcare
     professionals. Lamaze Baby is delivered by maternity nurses to new
     mothers at the hospital bedside shortly after childbirth. The magazine
     covers topics that hospital nurses review with new mothers prior to
     discharge serving as a helpful and time saving tool for nurses in
     educating mothers about infant care Lamaze Baby had an average annual
     circulation of approximately 3,000,000 for 2000.

   o Revista Lamaze para Padres, a Spanish language prenatal magazine which
     reaches more expectant Hispanic mothers than any other title. Childbirth
     educators distribute Revista Lamaze para Padres to expectant parents on
     the first night of class. Revista Lamaze para Padres had an average
     annual circulation of approximately 550,000 for 2000.

   o "Lamaze You and Your Baby," a 90 minute video textbook providing
     expectant parents with important instruction on infant care. Childbirth
     educators distribute to expectant parents the video, which is later
     returned. This video is distributed yearly to childbirth educators,
     typically during the first four months of the year. In 2000,
     approximately 13,000 childbirth educators ordered approximately 200,000
     copies of this video from Lamaze Publishing.

   o "Lo Mejor para Su Bebe," a 60 minute Spanish-language video textbook that
     provides expectant parents with important instruction on infant care.
     This video is modeled after "Lamaze You and Your Baby". The video is
     distributed yearly to childbirth educators, typically during the first
     four months of the year. In 2000, approximately 5,000 childbirth
     educators ordered approximately 50,000 copies of this video from Lamaze
     Publishing.

   o Lamaze Special Delivery, a program offering advertisers the ability to
     distribute coupons, samples and promotional literature to expectant and
     new parents. Information to be distributed is polybagged with Lamaze
     Parents, Lamaze Baby and Revista Lamaze para Padres.

   iVillage Integrated Properties also owns the Newborn Channel, a satellite
television network that instructs mothers in their hospital rooms following
birth in over 1,000 hospitals nationwide and, as of December 31, 2000, reached
approximately 2,400,000 new mothers.

   Astrology.com

   Astrology.com is a leading destination for women seeking daily horoscopes,
astrology content and personalized forecasts online. Through iVillage's
network of sites organized by topics of interest to women such as family,
love, money and career, Astrology.com provides a timely, personalized
experience for the user, stimulates commerce sales of monthly and annual
forecasts by subject and creates an advertising environment that is appealing
to advertisers due to targeting possibilities within the site and through e-
mail communication.

   Astrology.com brings iVillage a content and commerce site that is appealing
to iVillage's core demographic of women, represents one of the best customer
acquisition tools as demonstrated by strong performance in online media, and a
vehicle to drive repeat visits to iVillage.com through the use of daily
horoscopes. Astrology.com has also created an interactive commerce system that
provides instantaneous, digital astrology reports. The system

consists of software which operates the Web site and is capable of generating
customized astrology reports based on input from users.

   Alliances

   iVillage pursues strategic relationships to increase its access to online
customers, build brand recognition and expand its online presence.
Historically, iVillage has pursued strategic alliances to reach online
customers. iVillage has begun to shift its focus to building offline brand
recognition and to increasing its access to offline customers. iVillage's
principal strategic alliances and relationships include the following:

      Media Arrangement

   In November 1998, iVillage entered into an advertising and promotional
agreement with NBC pursuant to which NBC promotes iVillage.com on television,
primarily during prime-time programs, as well as through its Web sites. In
February 2001, iVillage further amended its November 1998 agreement with NBC to
provide for an extension of time during which iVillage must purchase its
advertising or promotional spots on the NBC network. The revised terms require
iVillage to purchase approximately $11.6 million of advertising promotional
spots between January 30, 2001 and December 31, 2002, with $3.0 million of such
spots being telecast during the year 2001 and approximately $8.6 million during
the year 2002.

      Sponsorship Arrangements

   iVillage has a number of sponsorship arrangements with leading advertisers
and sponsors, including:

   o Fuji Photo Film USA - exclusive sponsorship for the photographic film,
     disposable camera and digital camera categories throughout iVillage's
     network.

   o Glaxo Wellcome - exclusive sponsorship for resource centers for smoking
     cessation, migraine, and asthma that include interactive assessment
     tools, disease-specific newsletters, and enhanced community support.

   o Johnson & Johnson - exclusive sponsor of certain birth control, anti-
     fungal and other pharmaceutical products as well as sponsor of skin care
     resource centers.

   o Kimberly-Clark - exclusive sponsor on certain parenting areas of diapers,
     wipes, training pants and similar products.

   o Unilever PLC - promotion of various Unilever brands in several consumer
     product categories.

      Distribution Arrangements

   iVillage considers branding an important aspect of its distribution
arrangements and seek distribution relationships where its brand is promoted.
iVillage periodically enters into distribution and content relationships with
major online service companies on the Internet, including:

   o AOL - some of iVillage's icons are placed within the AOL service and
     iVillage receives guaranteed impressions.

      Joint Venture and International License Arrangements

   iVillage  has entered into the following joint venture and international
license arrangements:

   o Cooperative Beauty Ventures LLC - iVillage and Unilever PLC have formed
     Cooperative Beauty Ventures LLC to provide women with a highly focused
     community, an array of interactive, customized online services, beauty and
     personal care products and personalized product recommendations.

   o iVillage UK Limited - iVillage, Tesco PLC and Tesco.com have formed
     iVillage UK Limited, an international joint venture to serve the women's
     online market in the United Kingdom and the Republic of Ireland through a
     highly focused community and an array of interactive, customized online
     solutions and services.

   o Hindustan Lever Limited - iVillage entered into an exclusive licensing
     and technology agreement with Hindustan Lever Limited to create a Web
     site focussed on women in India. The license agreement is subject to
     necessary regulatory approvals in India.

   Sales, Marketing and Public Relations

      Sales

   As of December 31, 2000, iVillage had a direct sales organization,
consisting of 20 sales professionals and 25 sales operations staff. iVillage's
sales organization consults regularly with advertisers and agencies on design
and placement of its Web-based advertising and the production and management
of bridge sites, provides customers with advertising management analysis and
focuses on providing a high level of customer satisfaction. Nine professionals
concentrate primarily on advertising sales for the Newborn Channel, video
products, and print advertising sales. iVillage generally seeks to hire
individuals with significant experience in selling advertising and pre-
existing relationships with advertisers in a variety of media.

      Marketing and Public Relations

   iVillage employs a variety of methods to promote the iVillage.com brand and
to attract traffic and new members, including advertising on other Internet
sites, targeted publications, radio stations, national television, cross
promotional arrangements to secure advertising and other promotional
considerations. To extend the iVillage.com brand, iVillage has also entered
into several strategic alliances with offline partners. Please see
"Alliances". In addition, iVillage leverages other audience building
strategies, including working closely with search engine submissions, news
group postings and cross-promotion with affinity sites to properly index
materials. iVillage's marketing department consisted of 30 marketing
professionals as of December 31, 2000.

   iVillage's internal public relations staff oversees a comprehensive public
relations program which iVillage believes is a key component of its marketing
and brand recognition strategy. Organized into two primary components that
promote iVillage and the iVillage.com brand, the program targets a trade/
business and consumer audience, respectively. iVillage has also implemented
national long-lead consumer initiatives, such as radio media tours, regional
broadcast media tours, consumer publicity of its Parent Soup book series and
other related activities, and multiple daily media advisories sent to consumer
outlets throughout the United States.

   To maximize distribution of iVillage's publications and the Newborn Channel,
and gain the endorsement of the professional community for these products,
iVillage gives particular attention to marketing efforts targeted to
childbirth educators, maternity nurses and hospitals. A staff of four
marketing professionals contacts hospitals for distribution of the Newborn
Channel and works with the professional community to maintain distribution
levels of iVillage's publications and demonstrate how they can be used as
teaching tools for expectant parents and new mothers. iVillage's
representatives maintain contact with the professional community through trade
shows, professional conferences, consumer publication updates and personal
sales calls.

      Operating Infrastructure

   iVillage's Internet operating infrastructure has been designed and
implemented to support the delivery of millions of page views a day. Web pages
are generated and delivered, in response to end-users requests, by any one of
more than 100 servers. Key attributes of this infrastructure include the
ability to support growth, performance and service availability.

   iVillage's servers run on the Sun Solaris, Microsoft NT and Linux operating
systems and use Netscape Enterprise, Apache and Microsoft Corporation's IIS
Web server software.

   iVillage maintains all of its production servers at the New Jersey Data
Center of Exodus Communications, Inc. and Verio, Inc. in San Francisco,
California. iVillage's operations are dependent upon these companies' ability to
protect their respective systems against damage from fire, hurricanes, power
loss, telecommunications failure, break-ins and other events.

   Exodus provides comprehensive facilities management services, including
human and technical monitoring of all production servers 24 hours per day,
seven days per week. The servers located at Verio are monitored by

iVillage's California operations staff. Exodus and Verio provide the means of
connectivity for iVillage's servers to end-users via the Internet through
multiple connections. Each facility is powered by multiple uninterruptible
power supplies and backup generators.

   All of iVillage's production data, except Astrology.com, are copied to
backup tapes each night and stored at a third party, off-site storage
facility. Astrology.com's production data is backed up on a daily basis to
local storage. iVillage is in the process of developing a comprehensive
disaster recovery plan to respond to system failures. iVillage keeps all of
its production servers behind firewalls for security purposes and does not
allow outside access, at the operating systems level, except via special
secure channels. Strict password management and physical security measures are
followed. Computer emergency response team alerts are read, and, where
appropriate, recommended action is taken to address security risks and
vulnerabilities.

   iVillage's Web sites must accommodate a high volume of traffic and deliver
frequently updated information. Components or features of iVillage's Web sites
have in the past suffered outages or experienced slower response times because
of hardware or software downtime. This has not had a material effect on
iVillage's business.

   Broadcasting of the Newborn Channel to hospitals originates from a laser
disc system operated by Group W Network Services, from Group W's facility in
Stamford, Connecticut. The system provides an uplink signal to a satellite
operated by PanAmSat. The signal is received through a satellite dish at each
hospital and distributed to patients' rooms. Group W handles installation and
service of all hospital receiving equipment. iVillage maintains business
interruption insurance in the event programming is interrupted over the
designated satellite.

   Competition

   The market for members, visitors and Internet advertising is new and rapidly
evolving, and competition for members, visitors and advertisers is intense and
is expected to increase significantly in the future. With no substantial
barriers to entry, iVillage expects that competition will continue to
intensify.

   iVillage believes that the primary competitive factors in creating community
on the Internet are:

   o functionality;

   o brand recognition;

   o member affinity and loyalty;

   o demographic focus;

   o variety of value-added services;

   o ease-of-use;

   o quality of service; and

   o reliability and critical mass.

   Other companies or sites which are primarily focused on targeting women
online include Oxygen.com and condenet.com, as well as Web sites targeted to
categories such as health. iVillage will likely also face competition in the
future from:

   o developers of Web directories;

   o search engine providers;

   o shareware archives;

   o content sites;

   o commercial online services;

   o sites maintained by Internet service providers; and

   o other entities that attempt to or establish communities on the Internet
     by developing their own or purchasing one of iVillage's competitors.

   In addition, iVillage could face competition in the future from traditional
media companies, a number of which, including CBS and NBC, have made
significant acquisitions of or investments in Internet companies. Further,
there can be no assurance that iVillage's competitors and potential
competitors will not develop communities that are equal or superior to ours or
that achieve greater market acceptance than iVillage's community.

   iVillage also competes with traditional forms of media, such as newspapers,
magazines, radio and television, for advertisers and advertising revenues.
iVillage believes that the principal competitive factors in attracting
advertisers are:

   o the amount of traffic on iVillage's Web sites;

   o brand recognition;

   o the demographics of iVillage's members and visitors;

   o iVillage's ability to offer targeted audiences; and

   o the overall cost-effectiveness of the advertising medium offered by us.

   iVillage believes that the number of Internet companies relying on Web-based
advertising revenues may increase in the future. Accordingly, iVillage may
face increased competition, which could in turn have a material adverse effect
on its business, results of operations and financial condition.

   Many of iVillage's current and potential competitors, including developers
of Web directories and search engines and traditional media companies, have:

   o longer operating histories;

   o significantly greater financial, technical and marketing resources;

   o greater name recognition; and

   o larger existing customer bases.

   These competitors are able to undertake more extensive marketing campaigns
for their brands and services, adopt more aggressive advertising pricing
policies and make more attractive offers to potential employees, distribution
partners, commerce companies, advertisers and third-party content providers.
There can be no assurance that Internet content providers and Internet service
providers, including developers of Web directories, search engines, sites that
offer professional editorial content and commercial online services, will not
be perceived by advertisers as having more desirable Web sites for placement
of advertisements. In addition, many of iVillage's current advertising
customers and strategic partners also have established collaborative
relationships with certain of iVillage's competitors or potential competitors,
and other high-traffic Web sites. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that:

   o iVillage will be able to grow its membership, traffic levels and
     advertiser customer-base at historical levels;

   o iVillage will be able to retain its current members, traffic levels or
     advertiser customers;

   o competitors will not experience greater growth in traffic as a result of
     these relationships which could have the effect of making their Web sites
     more attractive to advertisers; or

   o iVillage's strategic partners will not sever or will elect not to renew
     their agreements with us.

   Several major publishing companies produce products that are directly
competitive with iVillage's magazines. Time Warner, Gruner and Jahr and
Primedia all publish various pre- and post-natal publications. Disney
Publishing and Children's Television Workshop also publish general parenting
magazines. All of these publishers have substantially greater marketing,
research and financial resources than us. iVillage competes by emphasizing the
highly targeted nature of its audience, product quality and the fact that its
publications are used as teaching tools by professionals, and the credibility
and trust parents place in the Lamaze brand name.

   While iVillage's Lamaze Publishing instructional videos and the Newborn
Channel currently have no direct competitors, advertisers in this marketplace
are heavy users of daytime network television and cable television networks
targeted to young parents. The broadcasting companies that provide such
opportunities have invested substantial amounts in programming, sales and
marketing and are much better-known to advertisers than Lamaze Publishing and
the Newborn Channel. To compete, Lamaze Publishing and the Newborn Channel
must convince them that advertising recall and effectiveness obtained in an
educational or hospital setting is superior to that of traditional
broadcasting.

   There can be no assurance that iVillage will be able to compete successfully
against its current or future competitors or that competitive pressures faced
by us will not have a material adverse effect on its business, results of
operations and financial condition.

   Intellectual Property, Proprietary Rights and Domain Names

   iVillage regards its copyrights, service marks, trademarks, trade names,
trade dress, trade secrets, proprietary technology and similar intellectual
property as critical to its success, and rely on trademark and copyright law,
trade secret protection and confidentiality and/or license agreements with its
employees, customers, independent contractors, partners and others to protect
iVillage's proprietary rights. iVillage pursues the registration of its
trademarks and service marks in the United States, and has applied for and
obtained registration in the United States for certain of iVillage's
trademarks and service marks, including "iVillage". Effective trademark,
service mark, copyright and trade secret protection may not be available in
every country in which iVillage's products and services are made available
online.

   iVillage has licensed in the past, and expects that it may license in the
future, certain of iVillage's proprietary rights, such as trademarks or
copyrighted material, to third parties. While iVillage attempts to ensure that
the quality of its brand is maintained by these licensees, there can be no
assurance that the licensees will not take actions that might materially
adversely affect the value of its proprietary rights or reputation, which
could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and
results of operations. There can be no assurance that the steps taken by
iVillage to protect its proprietary rights will be adequate or that third
parties will not infringe or misappropriate its copyrights, trademarks, trade
dress and similar proprietary rights. In addition, there can be no assurance
that other parties will not assert claims of infringement of intellectual
property or alter proprietary rights against iVillage.

   iVillage has been subject to claims and expects to be subject to legal
proceedings and claims from time to time in the ordinary course of its
business, including claims of alleged infringement of patents, trademarks and
other intellectual property rights of third parties by iVillage and its
licensees. These claims, even if not meritorious, could result in the
expenditure of significant financial and managerial resources. Further, if
these claims are successful, iVillage may be required to change its
trademarks, alter its content, alter its site format and pay financial
damages. There can be no assurance that these changes of trademarks,
alteration of content or format or payment of financial damages will not
adversely affect its business, results of operations and financial condition.

   iVillage may be required to obtain licenses from others to refine, develop,
market and deliver new services. There can be no assurance that iVillage will
be able to obtain any license on commercially reasonable terms or at all or
that rights granted pursuant to any licenses will be valid and enforceable.

   Employees

   As of February 20, 2001, iVillage employed 309 full-time employees, of whom
96 were in sales and marketing, 85 were in editorial and community, 53 were in
administration and customer service, and 75 were in technology, operations and
support. As iVillage continues to grow and introduce more products, iVillage
may need to hire more personnel, particularly in the areas of product
development and sponsorship. None of iVillage's current employees are
represented by a labor union or is the subject of a collective bargaining
agreement. iVillage believes that relations with its employees are good.

   Properties

   iVillage is headquartered in New York, New York. In March 2000, iVillage
entered into a fifteen-year lease for approximately 105,000 square feet at
500-512 Seventh Avenue in which iVillage has consolidated its New York City
operations.

   iVillage also leases two floors at 149 Fifth Avenue, which are each for
approximately 10,000 square feet. The lease expires on June 30, 2001 and
iVillage is exploring the possibility of subleasing this space.

   iVillage also leases a sales office that is located at 645 North Michigan
Avenue, Chicago, Illinois. The lease is on a month-to-month basis.

   iVillage's subsidiary, IVN, Inc., formerly known as iBaby, Inc., is
currently leasing approximately 74,000 rentable square feet at a facility
located at 6910 Carroll Road in San Diego, California for use as general
office, administrative, storage, warehousing and distribution and expires in
November 2001. iVillage is exploring the possibility of subleasing this space.

   Lamaze Publishing subleases approximately 10,300 square feet of space at 9
Old Kings Highway, Darien, Connecticut. The sublease expires on June 30, 2005.

   Astrology.com leases approximately 7,400 square feet of space in San
Francisco, California. The lease expires in November 2002.

   Legal Matters

   On May 24, 2000, a complaint was filed in the Supreme Court of the State of
New York in New York County by Insignia/ESG, Inc. f/k/a Insignia/Edward S.
Gordon, Inc., a real estate broker, against iVillage. The complaint alleges a
breach of the provisions of a written agreement between Insignia and iVillage
related to iVillage's failure to pay Insignia a broker's commission in
connection with its lease of office space at 500-512 Seventh Avenue in New
York City. In addition to unspecified damages, the complaint seeks an award of
$2.0 million plus interest thereon. On July 10, 2000, iVillage filed an answer
and counterclaim to Insignia's complaint alleging intentional, malicious,
wrongful and tortious interference by Insignia with iVillage's prospective
contractual relationship with the owner of another New York office building.
In addition to unspecified damages, iVillage's counterclaim seeks an award of
$7.0 million in compensatory damages and $1.0 million in punitive damages as
well as interest thereon from Insignia.

   iVillage believes that the lawsuit and claims asserted against it by
Insignia are without merit and intends to vigorously defend against these
claims.

   On July 22, 1998, Jewish Family and Children's Services filed a Notice of
Opposition in the Trademark Trial and Appeal Board of the U.S. Patent and
Trademark Office to iVillage's service mark application for the mark
"PARENTSPLACE.COM". On January 22, 1999, iVillage filed an Answer to the
Notice of Opposition, denying that there was any likelihood of confusion
between iVillage's mark and the mark used by Jewish Family and Children's
Services. In September 2000, iVillage and Jewish Family and Children's Services
entered into a settlement agreement permitting each party to use its
respective mark in a manner that does not infringe on the other party's
primary use of its mark. The parties also plan to move for dismissal of the
Trademark Trial and Appeal Board proceedings.

   iVillage is not currently subject to any other material legal proceedings.
iVillage may from time to time become a party to various legal proceedings
arising in the ordinary course of its business.

Selected Consolidated Financial Data of iVillage

   The iVillage selected consolidated financial data should be read in
conjunction with iVillage's "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations" and iVillage's consolidated financial
statements and notes to those statements and other financial information
included elsewhere in this joint proxy statement/prospectus. iVillage acquired
ParentsPlace.com, Inc. in December 1996, Health Responsibility Systems, Inc.
in May 1997, Astrology.Net in February 1999, OnLine Psych in June 1999, and
Lamaze Publishing and Family Point Inc. in August 1999. The financial data
reflect the results of operations of these subsidiaries since their dates of
acquisition. In April 1998 and March 1999, iVillage acquired the majority
interest and remaining minority interest in iBaby, Inc. In June 2000, iVillage
decided to discontinue the operations of iBaby, Inc. and, as such, all
discussion and analysis below represents solely the continuing operations of
iVillage.

                                                                                            Year Ended December 31,
                                                                            -------------------------------------------------------
                                                                              2000         1999        1998        1997       1996
                                                                            ---------   ---------    --------    --------   -------
                                                                                     (in thousands, except per share data)

Consolidated Statement of Operations Data:
Revenues................................................................    $  76,352   $  36,576    $ 12,451    $  6,019   $   732
Cost of revenues........................................................       27,596      15,426      10,315       5,530     3,468
                                                                            ---------   ---------    --------    --------   -------
Gross margin............................................................       48,756      21,150       2,136         489    (2,736)
                                                                            ---------   ---------    --------    --------   -------
Operating Expenses:
Product development and technology......................................        7,731       5,226       1,427       2,076     1.053
Sales and marketing.....................................................       54,098      63,526      28,177       8,771     2,709
General and administrative..............................................       22,634      13,164       9,546       7,841     3,104
Depreciation and amortization...........................................       37,681      25,720       5,500       2,886       109
Impairment of goodwill..................................................       98,056          --          --          --        --
                                                                            ---------   ---------    --------    --------   -------
   Total operating expenses.............................................      220,200     107,636      44,650      21,574     6,975
                                                                            ---------   ---------    --------    --------   -------
Loss from operations....................................................     (171,444)    (86,486)    (42,514)    (21,085)   (9,711)
Interest income (expense), net..........................................        5,261       4,085         571        (216)       28
Other income, net.......................................................          595         271          --          --        --
Loss on sale of Web site (1)............................................           --          --        (504)         --        --
Minority interest.......................................................           --          --         587          --        --
Write-down of note receivable and
 investments............................................................      (13,496)         --          --          --        --
Loss from affiliate.....................................................         (422)         --          --          --        --
                                                                            ---------   ---------    --------    --------   -------
Net loss from continuing operations.....................................     (179,506)    (82,130)   $(41,860)   $(21,301)  $(9,683)
Preferred stock deemed dividend.........................................           --     (23,612)         --          --        --
                                                                            ---------   ---------    --------    --------   -------
Net loss attributable to common
 stockholders from continuing
 operations.............................................................    $(179,506)  $(105,742)   $(41,860)   $(21,301)  $(9,683)
                                                                            =========   =========    ========    ========   =======
Basic and diluted net loss per share
 from continuing operations.............................................    $   (6.05)  $   (5.06)   $ (20.24)   $ (13.65)  $ (8.91)
                                                                            =========   =========    ========    ========   =======
Weighted average shares of
 common stock outstanding used
 in computing basic and diluted
 net loss per share.....................................................       29,683      20,901      2,068      1,561       1,087
                                                                            =========   =========    ========    ========   =======

- ---------------

(1) Please see note 6 to iVillage's consolidated financial statements.

                                                                  Year Ended December 31,
                                                     --------------------------------------------------
                                                      2000        1999       1998       1997      1996
                                                    --------    --------    -------   -------    ------
                                                                       (in thousands)

Consolidated Balance Sheet Data:
Cash and cash equivalents .......................   $ 48,963    $106,010    $30,825   $ 4,335    $2,102
Working capital .................................     40,252      90,752     19,919     1,114     1,006
Total assets  ...................................    132,459     312,748     45,721    16,236     4,997
Long-term liabilities ...........................      4,818          --         --       139        --
Stockholders' equity ............................    101,366     283,850     32,022    10,522     3,259

iVillage's Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations

   The following discussion should be read in conjunction with iVillage's
consolidated financial statements and notes to those statements and the other
financial information appearing elsewhere in this joint proxy statement/
prospectus.

   Overview

   iVillage is a new media company, which operates iVillage.com, Lamaze
Publishing and the Newborn Channel. iVillage.com is a leading women's online
destination providing practical solutions and everyday support for women 18
and over. Lamaze Publishing produces advertising supported educational
materials for expectant and new parents. The Newborn Channel is a satellite
television network in over 1,000 hospitals nationwide.

   In June 2000, iVillage decided to discontinue the operations of its iBaby,
Inc. subsidiary. As such, all discussion and analysis below represents solely
the continuing operations of iVillage.

   To date iVillage's revenues have been derived primarily from the sale of
sponsorship and advertising contracts. Sponsorship revenues are derived
principally from contracts ranging from one to three years. Sponsorships are
designed to support broad marketing objectives, including brand promotion,
awareness, product introductions and online research. Sponsorship agreements
typically include the delivery of impressions on iVillage's Web sites and
occasionally the design and development of customized sites that enhance the
promotional objectives of the sponsor. An impression is the viewing of
promotional material on a Web page, which may include banner advertisements,
links, buttons, or other text or images. As part of certain sponsorship
agreements, sponsors who also sell products may provide iVillage with a
commission on sales of their products generated through iVillage's Web site.
To date, these amounts have not been significant.

   Advertising revenues are derived principally from short-term advertising
contracts in which iVillage typically guarantees a minimum number of
impressions or pages to be delivered to users over a specified period of time
for a fixed fee. Sponsorship and advertising revenues are recognized ratably
in the period in which the advertisement is displayed, provided that iVillage
has no continuing obligations and the collection of the receivable is
reasonably assured, at the lesser of the ratio of impressions delivered over
total guaranteed impressions or the straight-line basis over the term of the
contract. To the extent that minimum guaranteed impressions are not met,
iVillage defers recognition of the corresponding revenues until the guaranteed
impressions are achieved.

   Included in sponsorship and advertising revenues are revenues from
advertising placements in Lamaze Publishing's publications, videos and website
and satellite broadcasts on the Newborn Channel. In addition, revenues are
generated through a sampling and coupon program which offers advertisers the
ability to distribute samples, coupons and promotional literature to new and
expectant mothers.

   Sponsorship and advertising revenues also include barter revenues, which
represent exchanges by iVillage of advertising space on iVillage's Web sites
for reciprocal advertising space or traffic on other Web sites. Revenues and
expenses from these barter transactions are recorded based upon the fair value
of the advertisements delivered. Fair value of advertisements delivered is
based upon iVillage's recent historical practice of receiving cash from
similar advertisers.  Barter revenues are recognized when the advertisements
are displayed on iVillage.com and its affiliated properties. Barter expenses
are recognized at the value of

advertisements received when iVillage's advertisements are displayed on the
reciprocal Web sites or properties, which is typically in the same period as
when advertisements are displayed on iVillage.com and its affiliated
properties, and are included as part of sales and marketing expenses. Revenues
from barter transactions were approximately $3.6 million, $3.3 million and
$3.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998,
respectively. iVillage anticipates that barter revenues will continue to
increase in the future and will remain constant or increase slightly as a
percentage of total revenues depending on iVillage's future revenue growth.

   Revenues from Astrology.com consist of the sale of astrological charts and
other related products to visitors to the Astrology.com Web site. iVillage
recognizes revenues from Astrology.com product sales, net of any discounts,
when products are shipped to customers and the collection of the receivable is
reasonably assured.

   iVillage received fees from the licensing of portions of its content in
connection with the PlanetRx.com relationship. Such fees are recognized on a
straight-line basis over the life of the contract.

   iVillage has and will continue to reduce its costs through several expense
reduction initiatives targeted at certain expenses, including, without
limitation, reduced advertising, targeted staff reductions primarily through
attrition, reduced company employee benefit plan costs, as well as other
initiatives.

   Results of Operations

   The following table sets forth iVillage's results of operations expressed as
a percentage of total revenues:

                                                                                    Year Ended December
                                                                                            31,
                                                                                    -------------------
                                                                                    2000   1999    1998
                                                                                    ----   ----    ----

Revenues .......................................................................     100%   100%    100%
Cost of revenues ...............................................................      36     42      83
Gross margin ...................................................................      64     58      17
Operating expenses:
 Product development and technology ............................................      10     14      11
 Sales and marketing ...........................................................      71    174     226
 General and administrative ....................................................      30     36      77
 Depreciation and amortization .................................................      49     70      44
 Impairment of goodwill ........................................................     128     --      --
                                                                                    ----   ----    ----
    Total operating expenses ...................................................     288    294     358
                                                                                    ----   ----    ----
Loss from operations ...........................................................    (225)  (236)   (341)
                                                                                    ====   ====    ====
Net loss from continuing operations ............................................    (235)% (225)%  (336)%
                                                                                    ====   ====    ====

   Comparison of Years Ended December 31, 2000 and December 31, 1999

   Revenues

   Revenues were $76.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2000, which
represents an increase of 109% when compared with 1999. The increase in
revenues was primarily due to iVillage's ability to generate significantly
higher sponsorship and advertising revenues during 2000 and the benefit of
receiving revenues from Lamaze Publishing and the Newborn Channel for the
entire 2000 period. Sponsorship, advertising and other revenues were $69.9
million for the year ended December 31, 2000, compared to $35.0 million for
1999. The increase in sponsorship, advertising and other revenues was
primarily due to an increase in the number of impressions sold, an increase in
the number of sponsors advertising on iVillage's Web sites during 2000, and
from operating Lamaze Publishing and the Newborn Channel for the entire 2000
period. Sponsorship, advertising and other revenues accounted for
approximately 92% and 95% of total revenues for the year ended December 31,
2000 and 1999, respectively.

   Although no one advertiser accounted for greater than 10% of iVillage's
total revenues for the year ended December 31, 2000, iVillage's five largest
advertisers accounted for 23% of total revenues. The five largest advertisers
accounted for 20% of total revenues for the year ended December 31, 1999.

   Included in sponsorship and advertising revenues are barter transactions,
which accounted for approximately 5% of sponsorship and advertising revenues for
the year ended December 31, 2000, compared to 10% for 1999.

   Included in total revenues are fees received from the licensing of portions
of iVillage's content and fees from chart sales through Astrology.com, which
accounted for approximately 8% of total revenues for the year ended December
31, 2000, compared to 5% for 1999.

   Cost of Revenues

   The principal elements of cost of revenues for iVillage's operations are
content costs, payroll and related expenses for the editorial staff, Web site
design and production staff, the cost of communications and related expenses
necessary to support iVillage's Web sites, and an allocation of facility
expenses, which is based on the number of personnel. Cost of revenues was
$27.6 million, or 36% of revenues, for the year ended December 31, 2000. Cost
of revenues was $15.4 million, or 42% of total revenues, for 1999. Cost of
revenues, as a percentage of total revenues, decreased during the year ended
December 31, 2000 due to significant growth in advertising, sponsorship and
other revenues over the respective prior period.

   Operating Expenses

   Product Development and Technology. Product development and technology
expenses consist primarily of payroll and related expenses for the technology
staff, related expenditures for support, technology, software development and
operations personnel, and an allocation of facility expenses, which is based
on the number of personnel. Product development and technology expenses for
the year ended December 31, 2000 were approximately $7.7 million, or 10% of
total revenues. Product development and technology expenses were approximately
$5.2 million, or 14% of total revenues, for 1999. The increase was primarily
attributable to additional personnel costs related to creating and testing new
concepts and tools used throughout iVillage's network of Web sites. Product
development and technology expenses decreased as a percentage of total
revenues as a result of the growth in revenues for the year ended December 31,
2000 compared to 1999.

   Sales and Marketing. Sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of
costs related to distribution agreements, payroll and related expenses for
sales and marketing personnel, commissions, advertising and other marketing-
related expenses, and an allocation of facility expenses, which is based on
the number of personnel. Sales and marketing expenses for the year ended
December 31, 2000 were approximately $54.1 million, or 71% of total revenues.
Sales and marketing expenses were approximately $63.5 million, or 174% of
total revenues, for 1999. The dollar decrease in sales and marketing expenses
in 2000 was primarily attributable to the launch of a national advertising
campaign in the third quarter of 1999 which was substantially completed by
early 2000, coupled with cost reduction initiatives instituted in the second
quarter of 2000 and continued throughout the year. Sales and marketing
expenses decreased as a percentage of total revenues as a result of the growth
in revenues for the year ended December 31, 2000 compared to 1999.

   Included in sales and marketing expenses are barter transactions, which
amounted to approximately 7% of total sales and marketing costs during the
year ended December 31, 2000, compared to 5% of total sales and marketing
costs during 1999.

   General and Administrative. General and administrative expenses consist
primarily of payroll and related expenses and related costs for general
corporate overhead, including executive management, finance, allocated
facilities, and legal and other professional fees. General and administrative
expenses for the year ended December 31, 2000 were $22.6 million, or 30% of
total revenues. For 1999, general and administrative expenses were $13.2
million, or 36% of total revenues. The increase in general and administrative
expenses was primarily due to an increase in salaries and benefits, recruiting
costs, expenses incurred for international endeavors, allocation of costs
associated with iVillage's office space, and the acquisition of Lamaze
Publishing in August 1999. General and administrative expenses decreased as a
percentage of total revenues as a result of the growth in revenues for the
year ended December 31, 2000 compared to 1999.

   Depreciation and Amortization. Depreciation and amortization expenses for
the year ended December 31, 2000 were approximately $37.7 million, or 49% of
total revenues. For 1999, depreciation and amortization expenses were $25.7
million, or 70% of total revenues. The dollar increase between 1999 and 2000
was primarily

attributable to a full year of amortization expense resulting from iVillage's
acquisitions of Astrology.Net, OnLine Psychological Services, Inc., Lamaze
Publishing and Family Point Inc. in 1999, as well as depreciation on a greater
base of fixed assets owned by us during 2000 periods. In the third quarter of
2000, iVillage recorded a charge of $98.1 million, or $3.30 per share, for the
impairment of goodwill relating to the 1999 acquisitions of OnLine
Psychological Services, Inc., Code Stone Technologies, Inc., Lamaze Publishing
Company, Inc., and Family Point Inc. iVillage determined that its estimated
future discounted cash flows were below the carrying values of its long-lived
assets, primarily goodwill. iVillage used a discount rate commensurate with
the risk involved when estimating future discounted cash flows. Yearly
amortization of this goodwill was approximately $26.6 million.

   Interest Income, Net

   Interest income, net includes interest income from iVillage's cash balances.
Interest income, net for the year ended December 31, 2000 was $5.3 million, or
7% of total revenues. For 1999, interest income, net was $4.1 million, or 11%
of total revenues. The increase between 1999 and 2000 was due to higher
interest rates in 2000 despite slightly lower average net cash and cash
equivalents balances in 2000 resulting primarily from the cash received from
iVillage's initial public offering of common stock in March 1999, and
secondary offering of common stock in October 1999.

   Net Loss

   iVillage recorded a net loss of $191.4 million, or $6.45 per share, for the
year ended December 31, 2000. For 1999, iVillage recorded a net loss of $116.6
million, or $5.58 per share. The net loss for the year ended December 31, 2000
includes one-time expenses totaling approximately $118.7 million.  These one-
time expenses consisted of a charge for the impairment of goodwill of
approximately $98.1 million in the third quarter of 2000, the write-down of
marketable and non-marketable investments of approximately $8.4 million ($0.3
million in the fourth quarter of 2000 and $8.1 million in the second quarter
of 2000), whose decline was considered other than temporary, the write-down of
a note receivable of approximately $5.1 million in the third quarter of 2000,
and an estimated loss on the sale of iBaby, Inc. assets of $7.1 million. The
net loss for the year ended December 31, 1999 includes a deemed dividend of
$23.6 million incurred as a result of the difference between the purchase
price of the series E convertible preferred stock sold to NBC during the first
quarter of 1999, and the fair market value on the date of issuance.

   Comparison of Years Ended December 31, 1999 and December 31, 1998

   Revenues

   Revenues were $36.6 million for the year ended December 31, 1999, which
represented an increase of 194%, when compared with 1998. The increase in
revenues was primarily due to iVillage's ability to generate significantly
higher sponsorship and advertising revenues during 1999 and from the
acquisition of Lamaze Publishing in the third quarter of 1999, and
Astrology.com in the first quarter of 1999. Sponsorship, advertising and other
revenues were $35.0 million for the year ended December 31, 1999, compared to
$12.5 million for 1998. The increase in sponsorship, advertising and other
revenues was primarily due to an increase in the number of impressions sold
and an increase in the number of sponsors advertising on iVillage's Web sites
during 1999. Sponsorship, advertising and other revenues accounted for
approximately 95% and 100% of total revenues for the year ended December 31,
1999 and 1998, respectively.

   Although no one advertiser accounted for greater than 10% of total revenues
for the years ended December 31, 1999 and 1998, iVillage's five largest
advertisers accounted for 20% of total revenues in each period.

   Included in sponsorship and advertising revenues are barter transactions,
which accounted for approximately 10% of sponsorship and advertising revenues
for the year ended December 31, 1999, compared to 24% for 1998.

   Cost of Revenues

   The principal elements of cost of revenues for iVillage's operations are
content costs, payroll and related expenses for the editorial staff, Web site
design and production staff, the cost of communications and related

expenses necessary to support iVillage's Web sites, and an allocation of
facility expenses, which is based on the number of personnel. Cost of revenues
was $15.4 million, or 42% of revenues, for the year ended December 31, 1999.
Cost of revenues was $10.3 million, or 83% of revenues, for 1998. Cost of
revenues, as a percentage of these revenues, decreased during the year ended
December 31, 1999 due to the significant growth in advertising and sponsorship
revenues over the prior period.

   Operating Expenses

   Product Development and Technology. Product development and technology
expenses consist primarily of payroll and related expenses and related
expenditures for support, technology, software development and operations
personnel, and an allocation of facility expenses, which is based on the
number of personnel. Product development and technology expenses for the year
ended December 31, 1999 were approximately $5.2 million, or 14% of total
revenues. Product development and technology expenses were $1.4 million, or
11% of total revenues, for 1998. The increase was primarily attributable to
additional personnel costs related to creating and testing new concepts and
tools to be used throughout iVillage's network of Web sites.

   Sales and Marketing. Sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of
costs related to distribution agreements, payroll and related expenses for
sales and marketing personnel, commissions, advertising and other marketing-
related expenses, and an allocation of facility expenses, which is based on
the number of personnel. Sales and marketing expenses for the year ended
December 31, 1999 were approximately $63.5 million, or 174% of total revenues.
Sales and marketing expenses were $28.2 million, or 226% of total revenues,
for 1998. The dollar increase in sales and marketing expenses was primarily
attributable to iVillage's national advertising campaign on the Internet and
television in accordance with iVillage's agreement with NBC. Sales and
marketing expenses as a percentage of revenues decreased between 1998 and 1999
as a result of the growth in revenues.

   Included in sales and marketing are barter transactions which amounted to
approximately 5% of sales and marketing costs during the year ended December
31, 1999, compared to 10% of sales and marketing costs during 1998.

   General and Administrative. General and administrative expenses consist
primarily of payroll and related expenses and related costs for general
corporate overhead, including executive management, finance, allocated
facilities, and legal and other professional fees. General and administrative
expenses for the year ended December 31, 1999 were $13.2 million, or 36% of
total revenues. For 1998, general and administrative expenses were $9.5
million, or 77% of total revenues. The increase in general and administrative
expenses between 1998 and 1999 was primarily due to an increase in salaries
and benefits, recruiting costs and facilities expenses resulting from an
increase in the number of personnel hired to support the growth of iVillage's
business. General and administrative expenses decreased as a percentage of
total revenues as a result of the growth in revenues in the year ended
December 31, 1999 compared to 1998.

   Depreciation and Amortization. Depreciation and amortization expenses for
the year ended December 31, 1999 were $25.7 million, or 70% of total revenues.
For 1998, depreciation and amortization expenses were $5.5 million, or 44% of
total revenues. The dollar increase between 1998 and 1999 was primarily
attributable to increased amortization expense resulting from iVillage's
acquisitions of Astrology.Net, OnLine Psychological Services, Inc., Lamaze
Publishing and Family Point Inc. as well as depreciation on a greater base of
fixed assets owned by iVillage during 1999.

   Interest Income, Net

   Interest income, net includes interest income from iVillage's cash balances
and interest expenses related to iVillage's financing obligations. Interest
income, net for the year ended December 31, 1999 was $4.1 million, or 11% of
total revenues. For 1998, interest income, net was $0.6 million, or 5% of
total revenues. The increase between 1998 and 1999 was primarily due to higher
average net cash and cash equivalents balances resulting primarily from the
cash received from iVillage's initial public offering of common stock in March
1999, and secondary offering of common stock in October 1999.

   Net Loss

   iVillage recorded a net loss of $116.6 million, or $5.58 per share, for the
year ended December 31, 1999. The net loss per share for the year ended
December 31, 1999 includes a deemed dividend of $23.6 million incurred as a
result of the difference between the purchase price of the series E
convertible preferred stock sold to NBC during the first quarter of 1999, and
the fair market value on the date of issuance. For 1998, iVillage recorded a
net loss of $43.7 million.

   Income Taxes

   As of December 31, 2000, iVillage had approximately $196.0 million of net
operating loss carryforwards for federal tax reporting purposes available to
offset future taxable income. iVillage's federal net operating loss
carryforwards expire beginning in 2010. Certain future changes in the share
ownership of iVillage, as defined in the Tax Reform Act of 1986, may restrict
the utilization of carryforwards. A valuation allowance has been recorded for
the entire deferred tax asset as a result of uncertainties regarding the
realization of the asset due to the lack of iVillage's earnings history.

   Recent Events

   Women.com. On February 5, 2001, iVillage signed a definitive agreement to
acquire all outstanding shares of Women.com Networks, Inc. The overall
transaction has an approximate aggregate value of $28.2 million. Under terms
of the merger agreement, iVillage will issue 0.322 shares (subject to
adjustment) of iVillage common stock for each share of Women.com common stock
on the closing date of the acquisition, plus an aggregate amount of cash
currently anticipated to be approximately $250,000.

   The acquisition is subject to the approval of iVillage's stockholders and
Women.com's stockholders and other customary closing conditions.

   In addition, Hearst Communications and Women.com's other public stockholders
will have the opportunity to invest an aggregate of $20.0 million in iVillage
in exchange for approximately 9.3 million shares, and warrants to purchase an
additional 2.1 million shares, of iVillage common stock. The warrants are
exercisable until December 31, 2004 at an exercise price of $0.01, but only if
the average closing market price of iVillage common stock, on any 15
consecutive trading days, has been above $3.75 per share. To the extent any of
Women.com's other stockholders do not purchase their pro rata percentage of
iVillage shares and warrants in this rights offering, Hearst Communications
has agreed to purchase any such shortfall.

   Hearst Communications has also committed to purchase from iVillage between
$15.0 and $21.0 million, of production and advertising services, over a three-
year period.

   NBC. In February 2001, iVillage further amended its November 1998 agreement
with NBC to provide for an extension of time during which iVillage must
purchase its advertising or promotional spots on the NBC network. The revised
terms require iVillage to purchase approximately $11.6 million of advertising or
promotional spots between January 30, 2001 and December 31, 2002, with $3.0
million of such spots being telecast during the year 2001 and approximately $8.6
million during the year 2002.

   Liquidity and Capital Resources

   Until iVillage's initial public offering in March 1999, which raised net
proceeds of $91.4 million, iVillage financed its operations primarily through
the private placement of its convertible preferred stock. On November 3, 1999,
iVillage consummated a secondary offering of 2.7 million shares of common
stock and received net proceeds of $70.8 million. As of December 31, 2000,
iVillage had approximately $58.2 million in cash, cash equivalents and
restricted cash.

   iVillage has sustained net losses and negative cash flows from operations
since its inception. iVillage's ability to meet its obligations in the
ordinary course of business is dependent upon its ability to achieve
profitable operations and/or raise additional financing through public or
private equity financings, collaborative or other arrangements with corporate
sources, or other sources of financing to fund operations. However, there is
no

assurance that iVillage will achieve profitable operations or that it will be
able to raise adequate financing from other sources. Management believes without
giving consideration to the effects of the proposed merger with Women.com that
its current funds will be sufficient to enable iVillage to meet its planned
expenditures through at least December 31, 2001. If anticipated operating
results are not achieved, management has the intent and believes it has the
ability to delay or reduce expenditures so as not to require additional
financial resources, if such resources were not available on terms acceptable to
iVillage.

   If the proposed merger with Women.com is consummated management believes
that its current funds, along with the investment of $20 million in connection
with the rights offering and management's intent and ability to significantly
reduce expenditures of the combined company, will be sufficient to enable
iVillage to meet its planned expenditures through at least December 31, 2001.

   Net cash used in operating activities from continuing operations decreased
to $39.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2000, from $48.6 million for
the year ended December 31, 1999. The overall decrease in net cash used in
operating activities from continuing operations during the year resulted
primarily from a decrease in losses from continuing operations, excluding non-
cash charges, a decrease in deferred revenue, offset by an increase in
restricted cash and other assets and depreciation and amortization expenses.
Non-cash charges includes the write-down of a note receivable and investments,
and an impairment of goodwill. The decreased loss from continuing operations,
excluding non-cash charges, was primarily due to the increase in revenue
coupled with iVillage's expense reduction initiatives. Net cash used in
operating activities amounted to $31.0 million for the year ended December 31,
1998. The increase in net cash used from 1998 to 1999 resulted primarily from
increasing net losses and other assets and decreasing accounts payable and
accrued expenses, offset by an increase in deferred revenue and depreciation
and amortization expense.

   Cash used in investing activities from continuing operations was $17.7
million for the year ended December 31, 2000. This compares to cash used in
investing activities from continuing operations of $32.9 million and $5.4
million for the years ended December 31, 1999 and 1998, respectively. The
overall decrease in cash used in investing activities from continuing
operations for the year ended December 31, 1999 to 2000 resulted primarily
from the acquisition of iBaby and Astrology.Net in the first quarter of 1999,
the acquisitions of OnLine Psychological Services, Inc. and Code Stone
Technologies, Inc. during the second quarter of 1999, and Lamaze Publishing
and Family Point Inc. in the third quarter of 1999, offset by higher fixed
asset purchases in 2000 for the build-out of iVillage's New York City office.
Through December 31, 2000, approximately $9.9 million has been disbursed for
the build-out of iVillage's office space. Net cash used in investing
activities increased from 1998 to 1999, primarily from the acquisitions of
iBaby, Inc. and Astrology.Net in the first quarter of 1999, the acquisitions
of OnLine Psychological Services, Inc. and Code Stone Technologies, Inc.
during the second quarter of 1999, and the acquisition of Lamaze Publishing
and Family Point Inc. in August 1999.

   Net cash provided by financing activities from continuing operations
amounted to $5.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2000, compared to
$166.9 million for the year ended December 31, 1999. The overall decrease in
net cash provided by financing activities from continuing operations was
primarily due to the receipt of $91.4 million of net proceeds from iVillage's
initial public offering in March 1999 and $70.8 million of net proceeds from
its secondary public offering consummated in November 1999. Net cash provided
by financing activities from continuing operations was $63.1 for 1998. The
increase from 1998 to 1999 was primarily due to the receipt of $91.4 million
in net proceeds from iVillage's initial public offering in March 1999 and
$70.8 million of net proceeds from its secondary public offering consummated
in November 1999, offset by $63.6 million of net proceeds from the sale of
shares of its series D and E convertible preferred stock, and common stock in
1998.

   On September 3, 1999, iVillage paid approximately $7.5 million to
PlanetRx.com for 371,103 shares of series D preferred stock of PlanetRx.com,
which was converted into the same number of shares of PlanetRx.com, common
stock upon the closing of PlanetRx.com's initial public offering in October
1999. At June 30, 2000, the investment in PlanetRx.com was written down
approximately $7.1 million, and at December 31, 2000 the investment was
further written down approximately $0.3 million, to its estimated fair market
value due to a decline in value deemed to be other than temporary.

   In addition, in September 1999 iVillage entered into a content license
agreement with PlanetRx.com for $7.5 million and a multi-year sponsorship
agreement for $15.0 million. In June 2000, iVillage's sponsorship

agreement with PlanetRx.com was amended to reduce the aggregate value of the
agreement to approximately $9.3 million, as well as reduce iVillage's
obligations thereunder. In September 2000, iVillage's Sponsorship Agreement
with PlanetRx.com was further amended to reduce the aggregate value of the
agreement to approximately $4.0 million, further reduce iVillage's obligations
thereunder, and terminate the agreement as of December 31, 2000.

   As of September 28, 1999, iVillage entered into a financial advisory
agreement with Allen & Company Incorporated pursuant to which Allen & Company
will act as iVillage's financial advisor with respect to various matters from
time to time. iVillage paid Allen & Company $0.3 million upon execution of the
agreement. In February 2000, iVillage executed an amendment to the agreement
that extended its term to September 28, 2000 and set forth additional fees
payable to Allen & Company for up to 12 months after expiration of the
agreement upon the occurrence of certain events. Upon consummation of the
merger with Women.com, iVillage will be obligated to pay Allen & Company a fee
in connection with their services.

   In March 2000, iVillage entered into a fifteen-year lease for approximately
105,000 square feet at 500-512 Seventh Avenue in which iVillage has recently
consolidated its New York City operations. The financial commitment for rent
at this office space is approximately $4.7 million for the next 12 months.
Pursuant to the terms of the lease, iVillage received approximately $3.8
million in January 2001 and anticipates receiving another approximately $1.5
million for reimbursement of certain construction expenses. iVillage also
expects to spend an additional approximately $2.1 million to complete the
construction project.

   On February 15, 2000, iVillage and Unilever PLC announced the formation of an
independently managed company to provide women within a highly focused
community, an array of interactive, customized online services, beauty and
personal care products and personalized products recommendations.  Unilever
PLC and iVillage plan to provide cash, intellectual property, marketing and
other resources.  Unilever PLC will provide capital as well as sponsorship and
promotional initiatives. iVillage will provide its Beauty channel, capital,
intellectual property, services and promotion. iVillage's funding obligations
shall not exceed in the aggregate $1.5 million in calendar year 2000 and $2.0
million in calendar year 2001, however any unused funding for calendar year
2000 or 2001 may be carried over and used in calendar year 2001 or 2002,
respectively.  As of December 31, 2000, iVillage had not contributed any
capital to the joint venture. During the year ended 2000, iVillage recognized
losses from the joint venture of approximately $0.4 million.

   In June 2000, iVillage decided to discontinue the operations of iBaby, Inc.
iVillage recorded a loss on disposal of approximately $7.1 million, which
includes a loss on sale of assets of approximately $3.6 million and an
estimated loss from operations during the phase-out period of approximately
$3.4 million.  Results of these operations have been classified as
discontinued operations and all prior period results have been reclassified.

   In July 2000, iVillage sold certain assets of iBaby, Inc. to Babygear.com,
Inc. Under the Asset Purchase Agreement dated July 6, 2000, iVillage received
a convertible promissory note of approximately $9.7 million. Pursuant to the
terms of the Asset Purchase Agreement, in October 2000 the note was converted
into 890,198 shares of Babygear.com Series C Convertible Preferred Stock.
Subsequent to the conversion of the note, Babygear.com filed for bankruptcy.

   In calculating the loss on sale of assets, iVillage valued the note at $5.1
million as of June 30, 2000, due to uncertainties surrounding the
recoverability of the convertible note. At September, 30, 2000, the
convertible note was fully reserved due to uncertainties surrounding
Babygear.com's ability to sustain their operations, and is included in the
caption write-down of note receivable and investments in the consolidated
statements of operations.

   In December 2000, iVillage entered into an exclusive licensing and
technology agreement with Hindustan Lever Limited to create a Web site
targeting women in India. As part of the licensing agreement, Hindustan Lever
Limited will pay an initial set-up fee for certain services and domain
knowledge and iVillage will receive an annual royalty on any revenue
generated. The license agreement is subject to necessary regulatory approvals
in India.

   iVillage's capital requirements depend on numerous factors, including:

   o market acceptance of its services;

   o the amount of resources iVillage devotes to investments in the
     iVillage.com network, including entering into joint ventures with and/or
     the acquisition of other entities;

   o the resources iVillage devotes to marketing; and

   o the resources iVillage devotes to selling its services and brand
     promotions.

   iVillage has experienced a substantial increase in its expenditures since
its inception. The increase in expenditures is consistent with the growth in
iVillage's operations and staffing. iVillage anticipates that it will continue
to evaluate possible investments in businesses and products and technologies,
either of which could reduce iVillage's liquidity.

   Recent Accounting Pronouncements

   In June 1998, the FASB issued SFAS No. 133, "Accounting for Derivatives and
Hedging Activities", which establishes accounting and reporting standards for
derivative instruments and hedging activities. The effective date of this
standard was deferred to all fiscal quarters of fiscal years beginning after
June 15, 2000 by SFAS No. 137, "Accounting for Derivative Instruments and
Hedging Activities - Deferral of the Effective Date of FASB Statement No.
133," which was issued on June 30, 1999. iVillage does not expect the adoption
of this statement to have a significant impact on iVillage's results of
operations, financial position or cash flows.

   In December 1999, the SEC issued Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 101, "Revenue
Recognition in Financial Statements" ("SAB 101"). This accounting bulletin
summarizes certain of the SEC's views in applying generally accepted
accounting principles to revenue recognition in financial statements. This
accounting bulletin is not a rule or interpretation of the SEC; however, it
represents interpretations and practices followed by the Division of
Corporation Finance and the Office of the Chief Accountant in administering
the disclosure requirements of the Federal securities laws. iVillage does not
believe that the interpretations outlined in this accounting bulletin will
have an impact on its revenue recognition policies.

   In March 2000, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued FASB
Interpretation No. 44, "Accounting for Certain Transactions Involving Stock
Compensation an Interpretation of APB 25." This interpretation becomes
effective July 1, 2000, but certain conclusions cover specific events that
occur after either December 15, 1998 or January 12, 2000. The adoption of this
interpretation did not have a material effect on iVillage's financial position
or results of operations.

iVillage's Directors and Executive Officers

   The following table sets forth the directors and executive officers of
iVillage, their ages and the positions held by them with iVillage as of
February 15, 2001.

Name                                       Age        Position
 ------------                            ---------    -------------------------------------

Douglas W. McCormick(b) ............        51        Chief Executive Officer and Director
Candice Carpenter(c) ...............        48        Co-Chairperson of the Board
Nancy Evans(c) .....................        50        Co-Chairperson of the Board
Steven A. Elkes ....................        39        Executive Vice President, Operations and Business Affairs
Scott Levine .......................        36        Chief Financial Officer
Nancy R. Alpert ....................        47        Senior Vice President, Corporate Development
John M. Barbera ....................        57        President of Sales and Sales Marketing
John W. Glascott ...................        47        Senior Vice President, Sponsorship
Richard Caccappolo .................        35        Chief Technology Officer and Senior Vice President of Product
                                                      Development
Jane Tollinger .....................        58        Senior Vice President, Business Affairs
John T. Healy(a) ...................        61        Director
Habib Kairouz(c) ...................        34        Director
Lennert J. Leader(a) ...............        45        Director
Daniel Schulman(b) .................        43        Director
Martin Yudkovitz(c) ................        47        Director

- ---------------

(a) Class I director

(b) Class II director

(c) Class III director

   Douglas W. McCormick, age 51, has been a director of iVillage since February
1999. From April 2000 through July 2000, he served as President of iVillage
and has been iVillage's Chief Executive Officer since July 2000. From 1998 to
April 2000, Mr. McCormick was President of McCormick Media, a media consulting
firm. From 1993 to 1998, Mr. McCormick was President and Chief Executive
Officer of Lifetime Television, a joint venture of The Hearst Corporation and
The Walt Disney Company. Mr. McCormick held various positions at Lifetime from
1984 to 1994 in the sales, marketing and research areas. Mr. McCormick also
serves on the boards of directors of Streetmail.com, Zilo.com, and Myers
Consulting Group, and serves on Streetmail.com's Compensation Committee. Mr.
McCormick received an M.B.A. from the Columbia University School of Business
and a B.A. in speech/communications from the University of Dayton.

   Candice Carpenter, age 48, is a founder of iVillage and has been Chairperson
of the Board since the inception of iVillage in June 1995 and Co-Chairperson
of the Board since December 1998. Ms. Carpenter served as iVillage's Chief
Executive Officer from June 1995 until July 2000. Prior to founding iVillage,
Ms. Carpenter was President of Q2, the upscale QVC, Inc. shopping channel,
from 1993 through 1995. Ms. Carpenter was also a consultant to AOL and
Discovery Communications, Inc. in 1995. From 1989 to 1993, Ms. Carpenter was
President of Time Life Inc.'s Time Life Video and Television and previously
was Vice President in Consumer Marketing at American Express Company. Ms.
Carpenter received an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School and a B.A. from
Stanford University.

   Nancy Evans, age 50, is a founder of iVillage and has been Editor-in-Chief
since June 1995 and Co-Chairperson of the Board since December 1998. Prior to
founding iVillage, Ms. Evans created Family Life magazine in 1991, which she
published in partnership with Jann Wenner. From 1987 to 1991, Ms. Evans served
as President and Publisher of Doubleday. Prior to her employment at Doubleday,
Ms. Evans was Vice President and Editor-In-Chief of the Book-of-the-Month Club,
where she launched the Children's Book-of-the-Month Club. Ms. Evans graduated
from Skidmore College with a B.A. and is also a graduate fellow at Columbia
University.

   Steven A. Elkes, age 39, has been Executive Vice President-Operations and
Business Affairs since July 2000 and Secretary since October 1999. From April
1999 to July 2000, Mr. Elkes was Senior Vice President, Business Affairs. From
August 1996 to April 1999, Mr. Elkes was Vice President, Business Affairs.
From August 1993 to August 1996, Mr. Elkes was Vice President Credit/
Structured Finance at CNA Insurance Company. From August 1991 to August 1993,
Mr. Elkes served as Assistant Vice President at CNA Insurance Company. Mr.
Elkes received his M.B.A. from Baruch College and his B.A. from Grinnell
College.

   Scott Levine, age 36, has been Chief Financial Officer since January 2001.
From September 2000 until January 2001, Mr. Levine was Senior Vice President,
Finance and interim Chief Financial Officer. From February 1999 to September
2000, Mr. Levine was Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer.
From July 1998 to February 1999, Mr. Levine was Controller for FundTech Ltd.,
a financial software company. From April 1997 to July 1998, Mr. Levine was the
Controller of AmeriCash, Inc., an operator of a network of automated teller
and electronic commerce machines. From 1993 to 1997, Mr. Levine was employed
by Coopers & Lybrand L.L.P. Mr. Levine is a Certified Public Accountant and
received his M.B.A. from Baruch College and his B.A. from State University of
New York, Buffalo.

   Nancy R. Alpert, age 47, has been Senior Vice President, Corporate
Development of iVillage since October 2000. From 1994 to 2000, Ms. Alpert
served as Senior Vice President, Business and Legal Affairs at Lifetime
Television, a joint venture of The Hearst Corporation and The Walt Disney
Company. From 1992 to 1994, Ms. Alpert was Deputy General Counsel at Liz
Claiborne, Inc., and from 1987 to 1992, Ms. Alpert served as Vice President
and Deputy General Counsel at Telemundo Group, Inc., a U.S. Spanish-language
broadcast television network. Ms. Alpert received her J.D. from the UCLA
School of Law and her B.A. from Brandeis University.

   John M. Barbera, age 57, has been President of Sales and Sales Marketing
since February 2001. From 1999 to February 2001, Mr. Barbera served as Chief
Operating Officer for 24/7 Media Europe. From 1994 to 1999, Mr. Barbera ran
his own consulting firm, J.B. Communications. From 1990 to 1994 Mr. Barbera
was President of Turner Broadcasting Sales for Turner Broadcasting. Mr.
Barbera held various positions with Turner Broadcasting from 1978 to 1994. Mr.
Barbera received his B.A. from Allegheny College.

   John W. Glascott, age 47, has been Senior Vice President, Sponsorship since
April 1998. From September 1996 to March 1998, Mr. Glascott was Senior Vice
President and Director of Corporate Marketing and Sales for Hearst Magazines.
From August 1994 to September 1996, Mr. Glascott was a publisher and partner
of SmartHealth at Meigher Communications L.P., a magazine publisher. Prior to
such time, Mr. Glascott held various sales management positions at Whittle
Communications L.P., a media company, from 1982 to 1994. Mr. Glascott received
an M.B.A. from New York University and a B.A. from Ohio Wesleyan University.

   Richard Caccappolo, age 35, has been Chief Technology Officer and Senior
Vice President of Product Development since September 2000 and served as Chief
Technology Officer of iVillage from March 1999 to September 2000. From January
1998 to March 1999, Mr. Caccappolo served as the Chief Technology Officer of
Kodak Polychrome Graphics, a supplier of products and services to graphics
arts industries. From October 1994 to December 1997, Mr. Caccappolo served as
Sun Chemicals' Director, Information Systems - Europe.

   Jane Tollinger, age 58, has been Senior Vice President, Business Affairs
since September 2000 and from June 2000 to September 2000 served as Vice
President, Business Affairs. From June 1999 to June 2000, Ms. Tollinger served
on several advisory boards. From September 1993 through June 1999, Ms.
Tollinger served as Executive Vice President of Lifetime Television Network.
Prior to such time, Ms. Tollinger held various management positions at
Lifetime Television Network. Prior to joining Lifetime Television Network, Ms.
Tollinger was an attorney with Columbia Pictures and previous to that was an
associate with the Coudert Brothers law firm. Ms. Tollinger received a J.D.
from Columbia Law School, an M.A. from Harvard University and a B.A. from
Beloit College.

   John T. (Jack) Healy, age 61, has been a director of iVillage since November
2000. Since February 1996, Mr. Healy has been Principal of the H.A.M. Media
Group, LLC. Prior to joining The H.A.M. Media Group, LLC, from August 1970 to
July 1996, Mr. Healy held various positions and served most recently as
President, ABC International Operations and Executive Vice President, ABC
Cable & International at Capital Cities/ABC Inc. Mr. Healy serves as a
director of Newstar Inc. and StoryFirst Communications.

   Habib Kairouz, age 34, has been a director of iVillage since March 1998.
Currently, Mr. Kairouz is Managing Director of Rho Management Company, Inc.,
an investment company, and has been with Rho since 1993. He also serves as a
director at Bellwether Exploration Company, Inc., an oil drilling company, and
a number of other private companies. Mr. Kairouz received a B.S. in
Engineering and a B.A. in Economics from Cornell University and an M.B.A. in
Finance from Columbia University.

   Lennert J. Leader, age 45, has been a director of iVillage since July 1998.
Since February 1998, Mr. Leader has been President of AOL Investments, a
division of AOL Time Warner ("AOL"). Mr. Leader served as Senior Vice
President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of AOL from September 1989
until July 1998 and was Chief Accounting Officer from October 1993 until July
1998. Prior to joining AOL, Mr. Leader was Vice President-Finance of LEGENT
Corporation, a computer software and services company, from March 1989 to
September 1989, and Chief Financial Officer of Morino, Inc., a computer
software and services company, from 1986 to March 1989 and its Director of
Finance from 1984 to 1986. Prior to joining Morino, Inc. in 1984, he was an
audit manager at Price Waterhouse. Mr. Leader serves as a director of
Multex.com, Inc. Mr. Leader graduated with a B.S. in Accounting in 1977 from
the University of Baltimore.

   Daniel H. Schulman, age 43, has been a director of iVillage since February
1999. Since June 1999, Mr. Schulman has been President and Chief Operating
Officer of Priceline.com. From October 1998 to June 1999, Mr. Schulman was an
Executive Vice President at AT&T Corp. and was President of AT&T WorldNet
Services from January 1997 to October 1998. From January 1996 to January 1997,
Mr. Schulman was a Vice President of Business Services at AT&T Corp. From
December 1994 to January 1996, he served as a Marketing Vice President at AT&T
Corp. and also was a General Manager at AT&T Corp. from June 1993 to December
1994. Mr. Schulman is currently a director of Net2Phone, Inc., an internet
telephone service provider and Symantec Corporation, a provider of utility
software for business and personal computing. Mr. Schulman received an M.B.A.
from New York University and a B.S. from Middlebury College.

   Martin Yudkovitz, age 47, has been a director of iVillage since February
1999. Since December 1995, Mr. Yudkovitz has been the President and Chief
Executive Officer of NBC Multimedia, Inc., a division of the National
Broadcasting Company, Inc. In January 1997, Mr. Yudkovitz also became the
Senior Vice President of Business Development, Broadcast Network Applications
for NBC. From 1994 to 1999, Mr. Yudkovitz was Senior Vice President of NBC
Multimedia. From 1992 to 1994, he served as Senior Vice President of Strategic
Development at NBC. His other positions at NBC have included Vice President of
Business Affairs for NBC's 1992 Olympics Unit; First General Counsel and Vice
President for Business Affairs at CNBC; and Senior Counsel to NBC's 1988 Seoul
Olympics Unit in NBC Sports. Mr. Yudkovitz joined NBC in January 1984 in the
law department. Mr. Yudkovitz received his J.D. from Columbia University and
his B.A. from Rutgers University.

   Classified Board of Directors

   iVillage's board of directors is divided into three classes, denominated
Class I, Class II and Class III, the terms of which expire successively over a
three-year period. Currently, the term of the Class III directors expires in
2001, the term of the Class I directors expires in 2002 and the term of the
Class II directors expires in 2003.

   Hearst Communications Board Representation

   As described in the section of this joint proxy/prospectus entitled
"Agreements between Hearst Communications and iVillage - Stockholder
Agreement," effective as of the closing of the merger, iVillage is required to
appoint three Hearst Communications designees to iVillage's board of
directors, one of whom will be appointed to each of iVillage's three classes
of directors. iVillage is also required to appoint one Hearst Communications
designee to iVillage's compensation committee and one Hearst Communications
designee to iVillage's nominating committee. Upon the closing of the merger,
one or more of iVillage's current directors will resign and the board of
directors will appoint the three Hearst Communications designees. The identity
of the Hearst Communications designees has not yet been determined.

   Director Compensation

   Directors do not currently receive any cash compensation from iVillage for
their service as members of the board of directors, although they are
reimbursed for certain expenses in connection with attendance at board and
Committee meetings. From time to time, certain directors of iVillage have
received grants of options to purchase shares of iVillage's common stock
pursuant to the 1995 Amended and Restated Employee Stock Option Plan and the
Amended and Restated 1999 Employee Stock Option Plan. Under iVillage's 1999
Director Option Plan, non-employee directors are eligible to receive non-
discretionary, automatic stock option grants.

   On January 13, 2000, each non-employee director was granted an option to
purchase 10,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $17.625 under
the Amended and Restated 1999 Employee Stock Option Plan. On May 17, 2000,
each non-employee director of iVillage was also granted an option to purchase
1,666 shares of iVillage's common stock at an exercise price of $8.3125 per
share pursuant to the 1999 Director Option Plan.

   Executive Compensation

   The following table sets forth the compensation earned for services rendered
to iVillage in all capacities for the fiscal years ended December 31, 1998,
1999 and 2000 by iVillage's Chief Executive Officer and its four next most
highly compensated executive officers who earned more than $100,000 during the
fiscal years ended December 31, 1998, 1999 and 2000 (collectively, the "Named
Executive Officers"). Candice Carpenter was iVillage's Chief Executive Officer
through July 2000 and Douglas W. McCormick has served in such capacity since
such date.

                      iVillage Summary Compensation Table

                                                                                            Long-Term
                                                                                           Compensation
                                                            Annual Compensation               Awards
                                                   ------------------------------------     Securities
                                                                               Other        Underlying
                                                                              Annual       Options/SARs
Name and Principal Position                Year    Salary($)    Bonus($)   Compensation       (#)(1)
 --------------------------------          ----    ---------    --------   ------------    ------------

Douglas W. McCormick(2) ................   2000     252,780          --         --          1,010,000
 Chief Executive Officer                   1999          --          --         --             35,000
                                           1998          --          --         --                 --

Candice Carpenter(3) ...................   2000     400,079      90,000         --            100,000
 Former Chief Executive Officer            1999     225,000      90,000         --            333,333
                                           1998     225,000          --         --            153,334

Nancy Evans ............................   2000     325,144      84,000         --            260,000
 Editor-in-Chief                           1999     208,750     134,000         --            116,667
                                           1998     195,000          --         --             76,667

John W. Glascott(4) ....................   2000     231,015     209,580         --             30,000
 Senior Vice President,                    1999     211,279      91,307         --             30,000
 Sponsorship                               1998     155,906      50,000         --             66,667

Steven A. Elkes ........................   2000     242,578     168,790         --            128,333
 Executive Vice President,                 1999     166,500     202,099         --              6,667
 Operations and Business Affairs           1998     158,968      12,150         --             16,667

Scott Levine(6) ........................   2000     171,404     156,693         --             75,000
 Chief Financial Officer                   1999     127,500          --         --             40,000

- ---------------

(1) Options were granted under iVillage's 1995 Amended and Restated Employee
    Stock Option Plan, Amended and Restated 1999 Employee Stock Option Plan or
    Amended and Restated 1999 Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan (as amended by
    Amendment No. 1) and generally vest  1/4 one year after the date of
    employment and the remainder in equal quarterly installments, except for
    those options granted in 2000 to Mr. McCormick which vest as described in
    "Employment Arrangements" below.

(2) Mr. McCormick joined iVillage in April 2000 as President and was appointed
    Chief Executive Officer in July 2000.

(3) Ms. Carpenter served as iVillage's Chief Executive Officer through July
    2000.

(4) Mr. Glascott joined iVillage in April 1998.

(5) Mr. Levine joined iVillage in February 1999 as Vice President, Controller
    and Chief Accounting Officer.

   Employment Arrangements

   On October 5, 2000, iVillage and Ms. Carpenter entered into an agreement
pursuant to which Ms. Carpenter agreed to resign as Chief Executive Officer of
iVillage, effective August 1, 2000, and retain her position as Co-Chairperson
of the Board of Directors. Ms. Carpenter further agreed to represent iVillage
at certain speaking engagements and perform such other duties as are requested
by iVillage's Chief Executive Officer and board of directors and shall receive
compensation equal to $400,000 per year through December 31, 2002. In addition
to such compensation, Ms. Carpenter is entitled to certain benefits and bonus
compensation, if approved by the Compensation Committee, on a pro rata basis
reflecting Ms. Carpenter's tenure as Chief Executive Officer for the seven (7)
month period ended July 31, 2000. Ms Carpenter is also entitled to the
continued vesting of her existing stock options through December 31, 2002 and
an extension of the due date to December 31, 2002 on the promissory note
issued by Ms. Carpenter to iVillage dated June 5, 1998. See"--Certain
Transactions." In consideration for the payments to her and iVillage's
obligations under the agreement, Ms. Carpenter has entered into a non-compete
agreement that survives for six months after December 31, 2002 and has agreed
to release and discharge iVillage from any and all claims which exist, have
existed or may arise out of or in any way are related

to her relationship with, including her employment with, or departure from
iVillage, or the execution of the agreement.

   The agreement shall terminate on December 31, 2002, or earlier in the event
that prior to such date iVillage terminates Ms. Carpenter without cause or
with cause, or, in the event that Ms. Carpenter resigns from iVillage with or
without good reason. In the event that iVillage terminates Ms. Carpenter
without cause or in the event that Ms. Carpenter resigns with good reason, Ms.
Carpenter shall be entitled to the compensation and benefits described above
through December 31, 2002. If iVillage terminates Ms. Carpenter for cause or
Ms. Carpenter resigns without good reason, Ms. Carpenter shall be entitled to
such compensation and benefits through the effective date of her termination
and iVillage shall have no further obligation to pay any additional
compensation and benefits.

   On November 29, 2000, iVillage entered into an employment agreement with
Douglas W. McCormick. Mr. McCormick's employment agreement provides for an
initial annual base salary of $500,000 and eligibility to receive a bonus
pursuant to iVillage's bonus plan of up to forty percent (40%) of his base
salary upon satisfaction of objectives determined by the board of directors or
the Compensation Committee. iVillage has also granted Mr. McCormick options to
purchase shares of its common stock which expire 7 years after the date of
grant. Specifically, Mr. McCormick was granted options to purchase: (a)
600,000 shares of iVillage's common stock at an exercise price equal to $1.25
per share (the fair market value of the common stock on the effective date of
the employment agreement); (b) 200,000 shares of common stock at an exercise
price of $3.50 per share; and (c) 200,000 shares of common stock at an
exercise price of $5.00 per share. Each grant of options described above shall
vest in equal quarterly installments commencing three (3) months from the
effective date of the employment agreement over a period of thirty (30)
months.

   Mr. McCormick's employment agreement is effective as of November 29, 2000
for a period of thirty (30) months. Pursuant to the employment agreement, if
Mr. McCormick voluntarily terminates his employment without "good reason" (as
defined in the agreement) or is terminated for cause (as defined in the
agreement) prior to the expiration of the employment agreement, iVillage shall
pay him base compensation and benefits through the effective date of his
termination and iVillage will have no obligation to pay Mr. McCormick his base
salary, any bonus or other compensation (including options) for the remainder
of the term of the employment agreement. If Mr. McCormick is terminated
without cause or resigns for good reason prior to the expiration of the
initial term of the employment agreement, iVillage shall pay him his base
compensation and benefits through the effective date of termination and shall
pay him cash equal to his base salary for a twelve (12) month period, to be
paid monthly, and the normal vesting of any options issued to Mr. McCormick
shall continue over this twelve (12) month period.

   Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event Mr. McCormick's employment is
terminated for any reason: (i) prior to the six month anniversary of the
effective date of the employment agreement, Mr. McCormick shall immediately
vest in one third (1/3) of the options, as described above, granted to him at
an exercise price of $1.25 to the extent not otherwise vested; or (ii) on or
after the six month anniversary but prior to the one-year anniversary of the
effective date of the employment agreement, Mr. McCormick shall immediately
vest in two fifths (2/5) of such options.

   Option Grants in Last Fiscal Year

   The following table sets forth certain information with respect to stock
options granted to each of the Named Executive Officers during the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2000. iVillage has never granted any stock appreciation
rights. The exercise price per share of each option was equal to the fair
market value of the common stock on the date of grant as determined by the
iVillage board of directors. The potential realizable value is calculated
based on the term of the option at its time of grant (seven years). It is
calculated assuming that the fair market value of common stock on the date of
grant appreciates at the indicated annual rate compounded annually for the
entire term of the option and that the option is exercised and sold on the
last day of its term for the appreciated stock price. These numbers are
calculated based on the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission
and do not reflect iVillage's estimate of future stock price growth.

                                                      Percent of
                                       Number of         Total                                  Potential Realizable
                                       Securities       Options                                   Value at Assumed
                                       Underlying       Granted       Exercise                  Annual Rates of Stock
                                        Options      To Employees     Price Per   Expiration     Price Appreciation
                                        Granted     in Fiscal Year      Share        Date          for Option Term
                                       ----------   --------------    ---------   ----------    ---------------------
Name                                      (#)             (%)          ($/Sh)                     5%($)       10%($)
- ----------------------                 ----------   --------------    ---------                 ---------   ---------

Douglas W. McCormick...............      10,000            0%           17.17       1/21/07       241,543     334,517
                                        600,000           14%            1.25      11/29/07     1,055,325   1,461,538
                                        200,000            5%            3.50      11/29/07       984,970   1,364,102
                                        200,000            5%            5.00      11/29/07     1,407,100   1,948,717
Candice Carpenter..................     100,000            2%           17.17       1/21/07     2,415,429   3,345,168
Nancy Evans........................      60,000            1%           17.17       1/21/07     1,449,257   2,007,101
                                        200,000            5%            7.50        6/8/07     2,110,651   2,923,076
John W. Glascott...................      30,000            1%           17.17       1/21/07       724,629   1,003,550
Steven A. Elkes....................      43,333            1%           17.17       1/21/07     1,046,678   1,449,562
                                         85,000            2%            7.50        6/8/07       897,027   1,242,307
Scott Levine.......................      75,000            2%            1.25      11/29/07       131,916     182,692

   Fiscal Year-End Option Values

   The following table sets forth information with respect to the Named
Executive Officers concerning stock options held during the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2000 and exercisable and unexercisable options held as of
December 31, 2000. No options were exercised during fiscal 2000 by any of the
officers. The value of unexercised in-the-money options at fiscal year-end is
based on  $1.0625 per share, the assumed fair market value of the common stock
at December 31, 2000, less the exercise price per share.

                                                              Number of Securities
                                                                   Underlying               Value of Unexercised
                                                             Unexercised Options at               In-The-Money
                                                                     Fiscal                    Options at Fiscal
                                                                  Year-End (#)                     Year-End
                                                           ---------------------------    ---------------------------
Name                                                       Exercisable   Unexercisable    Exercisable   Unexercisable
- ---------------------------------                          -----------   -------------    -----------   -------------

Douglas W. McCormick...................................       22,639       1,022,361          --              --
Candice Carpenter......................................      317,500         362,502          --              --
Nancy Evans............................................       98,960         354,374          --              --
John W. Glascott.......................................       49,167          77,500          --              --
Steven A. Elkes........................................       41,977         143,024          --              --
Scott Levine...........................................       17,603          97,397          --              --

Principal Stockholders of iVillage

   The following table sets forth certain information regarding the beneficial
ownership of the common stock as of February 15, 2001 of:

   o each person known by iVillage to beneficially own more than 5% of the
     common stock;

   o each director or director nominee of iVillage;

   o each executive officer of iVillage for whom information is given in the
     iVillage Summary Compensation Table in this joint proxy statement/
     prospectus; and

   o all directors and executive officers of iVillage as a group.

                                                                 Number of Shares
Name of Beneficial Owner                                      Beneficially Held (1)    Percent of Class
 --------------------------------                             ---------------------    ----------------

Capital Group International, Inc. and Capital Guardian
  Trust Company (2)........................................         3,064,200                10.3
 11100 Santa Monica Boulevard
  Los Angeles, California 94109
AOL Time Warner Inc. (3) ..................................         2,511,983                 8.4
 75 Rockefeller Plaza
  New York, New York 10019
National Broadcasting Company, Inc. (4) ...................         2,109,012                 7.0
 30 Rockefeller Plaza
  New York, New York 10112
Rho Management Partners L.P.(5) ...........................         1,818,885                 6.1
 152 West 57th Street
  New York, New York 10019
Candice Carpenter(6) ......................................           666,252                 2.2
Nancy Evans(7) ............................................           433,609                 1.5
Habib Kairouz(8) ..........................................         1,829,302                 6.2
Lennert J. Leader(9) ......................................         2,522,400                 8.4
Douglas McCormick(10) .....................................           191,750                   *
Daniel Schulman(11) .......................................            57,083                   *
Martin Yudkovitz(12) ......................................         2,123,429                 7.1
Steven A. Elkes(13) .......................................            76,125                   *
John W. Glascott(14) ......................................            68,874                   *
John T. Healy .............................................                 -                   *
Scott Levine(15) ..........................................            23,063                   *
All directors and executive officers as a group (15
  persons).................................................         8,041,385                25.8

- ---------------

*Less than one percent of the outstanding common stock.

(1)  Unless otherwise indicated, the address for each listed director or
     officer is c/o iVillage Inc., 500-512 Seventh Avenue, New York, New York
     10018. As used in this table, "beneficial ownership" means the sole or
     shared power to vote or direct the voting or to dispose or direct the
     disposition of any security. For purposes of this table, a person is
     deemed to be the beneficial owner of securities that can be acquired
     within 60 days from February 15, 2001 through the exercise of any option
     or warrant. Shares of common stock subject to options or warrants that
     are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days are deemed
     outstanding for computing the ownership percentage of the person holding
     such options or warrants, but are not deemed outstanding for computing
     the ownership percentage of any other person. The amounts and percentages
     are based upon 29,706,770 shares of common stock outstanding as of
     February 15, 2001.

(2)  According to a Schedule 13G, filed on December 12, 2000, Capital Group
     International, Inc. is the parent holding company of a group of
     investment management companies that hold investment power and, in some
     cases, voting power over the securities reported in this section. The
     investment management companies, which include a "bank" as defined in
     Section 3(a)6 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and

     several investment advisers registered under Section 203 of the
     Investment Advisors Act of 1940, provide investment advisory and
     management services for their respective clients which include registered
     investment companies and institutional accounts. Capital Group
     International, Inc. does not have investment power or voting power over
     any of the securities shown herein; however, Capital Group International,
     Inc. may be deemed to "beneficially own" such securities by virtue of
     Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act. Capital Guardian Trust Company, a bank
     as defined in Section 3(a)6 of the Exchange Act is deemed to be the
     beneficial owner of the 3,064,200 shares as a result of its serving as
     the investment manager of various institutional accounts.

(3)  Includes 350,908 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of
     warrants.

(4)  According to an Amended Schedule 13D, filed November 5, 1999, the
     National Broadcasting Company, Inc. has sole voting and dispositive power
     over all shares. Includes 271,003 shares of common stock issuable upon
     the exercise of a warrant.

(5)  Rho Management Partners L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, may be
     deemed the beneficial owner of the 1,818,885 shares according to an
     investment advisory relationship by which Rho Management Partners L.P.
     exercises voting and investment control over the shares of which
     1,668,885 shares are registered in the name of Rho Management Trust I.

(6)  Includes options to purchase 278,750 shares of common stock that are
     currently exercisable.

(7)  Includes (a) options to purchase 134,377 shares of common stock that are
     currently exercisable and (b) 81,166 shares of common stock beneficially
     owned by the Evans/Wishman 1998 Irrevocable Trust. Ms. Evans disclaims
     beneficial ownership of the shares of common stock held by the Evans/
     Wishman 1998 Irrevocable Trust.

(8)  Mr. Kairouz is Managing Director of Rho Management Company, Inc., an
     affiliate of Rho Management Partners L.P. In such capacity, Mr. Kairouz
     may be deemed to have beneficial ownership of the 1,818,885 shares
     beneficially owned by Rho Management Partners L.P. Mr. Kairouz disclaims
     beneficial ownership of the shares reported by Rho Management Trust I,
     other than 17,249 shares in which Mr. Kairouz has a pecuniary interest.
     Includes options to purchase 10,417 shares of common stock that are
     currently exercisable.

(9)  Consists of 2,511,983 shares of common stock beneficially owned by AOL
     Time Warner Inc., including 350,908 shares of common stock issuable upon
     the exercise of warrants. Mr. Leader shares voting power with America
     Online, Inc. Mr. Leader disclaims beneficial ownership of the shares of
     common stock beneficially owned by America Online, Inc. Includes options
     to purchase 10,417 shares of common stock that are currently exercisable.

(10) Includes (a) options to purchase 143,750 shares of common stock that are
     currently exercisable and (b) 3,000 shares of common stock beneficially
     owned by Mr. McCormick's wife. Mr. McCormick disclaims beneficial
     ownership of the shares of common stock held by his wife.

(11) Consists of options to purchase 57,083 shares of common stock that are
     currently exercisable.

(12) Consists of (a) 4,000 shares of common stock beneficially owned by Mr.
     Yudkovitz, (b) 2,109,012 shares of common stock beneficially owned by the
     National Broadcasting Company, Inc., including 271,003 shares of common
     stock issuable upon the exercise of a warrant and (c) options to purchase
     10,417 shares of common stock that are currently exercisable. Pursuant to
     a nominee agreement with NBC, Mr. Yudkovitz holds any options that he
     receives from iVillage in connection with his services as a director as a
     nominee for NBC and has no discretionary duties with respect thereto. Mr.
     Yudkovitz disclaims beneficial ownership of the option to purchase 10,417
     shares of common stock. Mr. Yudkovitz is President and Chief Executive
     Officer of NBC Multimedia, Inc., a division of NBC. Mr. Yudkovitz does
     not have voting or investment power with respect to the shares of common
     stock owned by NBC. Mr. Yudkovitz disclaims beneficial ownership of the
     shares of common stock beneficially owned by NBC.

(13) Includes options to purchase 73,025 shares of common stock that are
     currently exercisable.

(14) Includes options to purchase 61,874 shares of common stock that are
     currently exercisable.

(15) Includes options to purchase 20,103 shares of common stock that are
     currently exercisable.

Certain Transactions

   On June 5, 1998, Candice Carpenter executed a promissory note in favor of
iVillage for borrowings up to a maximum principal amount of $500,000, of which
$500,000 was outstanding at December 31, 2000. Subject to prepayment or
acceleration, any loans made to Ms. Carpenter under the note mature on
December 31, 2002. Borrowings made under the note bear interest at 5.58% per
annum and are payable on an annual basis on December 31 of each year
commencing on December 31, 1998. The note is collateralized by a pledge by Ms.
Carpenter of 20,000 shares of common stock. On October 5, 2000, iVillage and
Ms. Carpenter entered into an agreement pursuant to which Ms. Carpenter agreed
to resign as Chief Executive Officer of iVillage. See "Executive Compensation-
Employment Arrangements".

   On March 9, 1999, iVillage and NBC amended their November 11, 1998
advertising and promotional agreement and entered into a stock purchase
agreement pursuant to which iVillage issued 4,889,030 shares of series E
convertible preferred stock and warrants to purchase up to 970,874 shares of
series E convertible preferred stock at $5.15 per share during 2000 and
813,003 shares at $6.15 per share during 2001 in exchange for a promissory
note in the approximate amount of $15.5 million. The note, which bears
interest at the rate of 5% per annum is payable quarterly in twelve equal
installments of approximately $1.4 million beginning April 1, 1999. In
addition, iVillage has agreed to purchase, for cash, $13.5 million of
advertising and promotional spots during 2000 and $8.5 million per annum
during 2000 and 2001. iVillage also agreed to pay $1.1 million during 2000 for
prominent placement on the NBC.com Web site. In February 2001, iVillage
further amended its November 1998 agreement with NBC to provide for an
extension of time during which iVillage must purchase its advertising or
promotional spots on the NBC network. The revised terms require iVillage to
purchase approximately $11.6 million of advertising or promotional spots
between January 30, 2001 and December 31, 2002, with $3.0 million of such
spots being telecast during the year 2001 and the remaining approximately $8.6
million during the year 2002. Martin Yudkovitz, an iVillage director, is
President and Chief Executive Officer of NBC Multimedia, Inc., a division of
NBC.

   In July 1997, iVillage entered into an interactive services agreement with
AOL, whereby iVillage received anchor tenant distribution within the AOL
service. This agreement superseded any prior agreements between iVillage and
AOL. This agreement, which was due to expire on February 28, 1999, provided
both parties with the right to extend the agreement. In consideration for AOL
carrying certain channels of iVillage, iVillage receiving guaranteed
impressions and other services, iVillage was obligated to pay AOL monthly
payments of approximately $229,000 until September 1, 1998 and approximately
$201,000 thereafter until February 28, 1999, make certain additional payments
based on revenues and provide in-kind commitments to AOL which primarily
consisted of the mentioning of "AOL Keyword: iVillage" within iVillage
advertisements and other promotions.

   In January 1998, iVillage entered into a shopping channel promotional
agreement with AOL, whereby AOL agreed to promote iVillage and its services on
the AOL shopping channel and provide access to iVillage's online sites. This
agreement provided for monthly installments of $10,417 paid to AOL through
December 31, 1998.

   On December 31, 1998, iVillage entered into an interactive services
agreement with AOL, which superseded the 1997 agreement with AOL. The 1998
agreement with AOL expired on December 31, 2000 and allowed both parties to
extend the term of the agreement for an additional year. The 1998 agreement
with AOL provided for iVillage to receive anchor tenant distribution on
certain AOL channels, guaranteed impressions, and other services. In
consideration for such services iVillage was obligated to pay AOL minimum
quarterly payments of approximately $921,000 until March 31, 1999,
approximately $611,000 from April 1, 1999 through December 31, 1999 and
approximately $807,000 from January 1, 2000 through December 31, 2000, and
provide up to $2 million of advertising to AOL. iVillage extended the 1998
agreement with AOL for periods after December 31, 2000 on a month-to-month
basis for a monthly fee of $268,908 and is currently in negotiations with AOL
to amend the 1998 agreement.

   On February 20, 2000, iVillage entered into an interactive service agreement
with AOL, under which AOL will distribute through the AOL network a customized
version of iVillage's Astrology.Net Website and content, and provide
guaranteed impressions, and other services. In consideration for such services
iVillage is obligated to (i) pay AOL monthly installments of $22,500 until
June 6, 2000, an upfront payment of $700,000 in June 2000, and six quarterly
installments of $350,000 commencing on September 6, 2000. The agreement
expires on June 5, 2002. Lennart J. Leader, an iVillage director, is President
of AOL Investments, a division of AOL.

   iVillage has entered into indemnification agreements with its officers and
directors containing provisions which may require iVillage, among other
things, to indemnify its officers and directors against certain liabilities
that may arise by reason of their status or service as officers or directors,
other than liabilities arising from willful misconduct of a culpable nature,
and to advance their expenses incurred as a result of any proceeding against
them as to which they could be indemnified.

                        INFORMATION CONCERNING WOMEN.COM

Business of Women.com

   Overview

   Women.com is a leading Internet media company that offers a branded network
dedicated to women. While Women.com offers all the services that Web users
expect in a portal site, including programming, community, shopping and
personalized services, its most distinguishing feature is its network
approach, which unites the most popular brand names in the world under one
user-friendly interactive hub. Brand names such as Cosmopolitan, Good
Housekeeping, Harlequin and Prevention are incorporated into the Women.com
network, which includes 150,000 pages within 17 topical channels. Women.com
believes this depth and breadth of programming sets it apart from other online
properties. The company was founded in 1992 by Ellen Pack, who launched
"Women's Wire" an online subscription service in 1993. In 1995 Women.com
introduced its current Web site, located at www.women.com. In March 1998,
Women.com purchased Wild Wild Web Incorporated, which operated StorkSite, a
Web site focused on content and community for expectant mothers. In January
1999, Women.com combined its business with HomeArts and Astronet, both of
which were business units of Hearst's New Media and Technology Division.
During the fourth quarter of 1999, Women.com completed its initial public
offering and completed the acquisition of World Gaming Corporation, a
privately-held online gaming company. Women.com makes its programming and
services available without charge to visitors and generates revenue primarily
through the sale of advertisements, promotions, sponsorships and direct
marketing. Women.com also receives production and e-commerce revenues from
certain partners. Advertising on Women.com properties is sold through its
direct sales force. In the fourth quarter of 2000, Women.com had over 100
industry-leading advertisers including Daimler Chrysler, Ford, General Motors,
Visa, Intel, Microsoft, Walmart, Unilever, Sears, Johnson & Johnson, Merck and
Pfizer.

   The Women.com Network

   The table below provides a description of the content offered through each
of Women.com's 17 channels.

Channel Name                                             Description
- -----------                                               ----------

Career ..............   Offers  information on job  listings, child-care centers,  resume writing and
                        personnel   management.   Extends  opportunities   to   participate   in  the
                        Entrepreneur  Club   or  to  ask  "Career  Coach"  about  salary  ranges  and
                        networking  strategies. Features news highlights,  personal finance and small
                        business information.
Cars ................   Offers  tools such  as the car  payment calculator  and provides tips  on car
                        insurance  and financing.  Provides opportunity to  ask "Cash  Flo" about the
                        pros  and cons  of leasing  vs. buying  a car and  offers automotive  tips in
                        related chat rooms.
Entertainment .......   Features  book  and  movie reviews,  community  chats,  television  picks and
                        celebrity interviews.
Family ..............   Enables  visitors to find  information on  a wide range  of topics, including
                        child  development, college tuition  planning and parenting  tips from expert
                        columnists. Offers online activities for parents and kids.
Fashion & Beauty ....   Offers  helpful  suggestions  on skin  care,  fashion  and  make-up. Features
                        fashion  trends and personal  style interactive tools. Allows  visitors to e-
                        mail  questions to  "Fashion Plate."  Features information  from Cosmopolitan
                        and Marie Claire.
Fitness .............   Offers  opportunities  to  meet  a workout  buddy  in  the network's  fitness
                        community,  join a walking club,  design a personalized workout  shop for the
                        latest  exercise  videos or  use  the interactive  calorie  counter. Features
                        information from Prevention, Redbook and Good Housekeeping.
Food ................   Features  recipe finders, cooking schools, restaurant reviews, wine selection
                        suggestions and  a daily meal planner. Offers information from Country Living
                        and Good Housekeeping.
Health & Wellness ...   Loaded  with information  on  health news,  ailments and  nutrition. Features
                        content  from Prevention.  Offers advice  from the network's  resident expert
                        and related  support groups and interactive tools such as calorie counter and
                        vitamin dispenser.
Home & Garden .......   Provides  viewers with advice and  tools for the design  and care of gardens.
                        Features  content from  Country Living  Gardener and  expert advice  from Ms.
                        Grow-it-all.
Money ...............   Features  content from Bloomberg,  including business  news, portfolio tools,
                        currency  conversion  rates,  stock  quotes  and  company profiles.  Provides
                        interactive  tools such as personal  budget planning, home-buying calculators
                        and other financial planning information.
News & Politics .....   Updates  viewers on the financial industry,  technology, world news headlines
                        and   other  current  events.   Offers  an  opportunity   to  post  comments,
                        participate in various polls and e-mail politicians regarding public policy.
Pregnancy & Baby ....   Features  a  large  selection  of  body,  health,  pregnancy, childbirth  and
                        parenting  reference  materials.  Offers  advice  from  Women.com's  resident
                        obstetrics nurse and the opportunity to share experiences in the chat rooms.
Sex & Romance .......   Offers  advice on  relationships through  content from  Cosmopolitan, Redbook
                        and  Harlequin, "Emale," who  provides advice from the  male perspective, and
                        love horoscopes.
Small Business ......   Offers   resources  for   starting  a   business,  helpful  hints   from  the
                        Entrepreneur's  Club or the "Biz  Shrink" and content from  Victoria and Good
                        Housekeeping.  Features interactive tools such as  a start-up cost calculator
                        and interactive business plan.
Technology &            Provides  visitors  the opportunity  to  build  their own  Internet  site and
Internet ............   offers  the latest technology news. Highlights  women through broadband video
                        interviews with well-known journalists such as NBC's Soledad O'Brien.
Travel ..............   Offers  visitors the opportunity to  plan a weekend getaway,  read about tips
                        for  business travel and find  weather information for any  city and provides
                        postings of destination picks on the travel message board.
Weddings ............   Features tools  for brides and grooms such as the wedding checklist from Town
                        &  Country Weddings, information on finding a  wedding dress and wedding gift
                        suggestions.

   Women.com's channels link to related content on 10 magazine sites to which
it has online distribution rights. Women.com produces, maintains and hosts
these branded sites. The content from these sites links to various channels
within its network. The following table describes each magazine site:

Magazine                                                               Related Web Site Description
- -------                                                                ---------------------------

Cosmopolitan....................................    Features fashion and relationship advice aimed at the "fun,
                                                    fearless female."
Country Living..................................    Provides lifestyle and home design ideas.
Country Living Gardener.........................    Features seasonal gardening practices, beautiful gardens and tips
                                                    for the avid gardener.
Good Housekeeping...............................    Features topics relating to food and recipes, home, family and
                                                    consumer reports.
House Beautiful.................................    Features topics relating to designing, improving or remodeling
                                                    one's home.
Marie Claire....................................    Features fashion and beauty trends.
Prevention......................................    Offers articles, resources, guidance and expertise on a variety
                                                    of health-related topics.
Redbook.........................................    Focuses on family, health and marriage.
Town & Country Weddings.........................    Focuses on living, arts, travel and weddings.
Victoria........................................    Offers support and advice for women entrepreneurs, including
                                                    stories and lifestyle tips.

   Advertising Sales

   Women.com has derived substantially all of its revenues to date from the
sale of advertisements. Women.com's advertising products currently consist of
banner advertisements that appear on pages within Women.com properties, higher
profile promotional sponsorships that are typically focused on a particular
event, such as a sweepstakes, production services for merchants who wish to
create their own minisites within the Women.com network, and merchant
advertisements on targeted areas for contextual selling. Hypertext links are
embedded in each banner advertisement or button to provide the user with
instant access to the advertiser's Web site, to obtain additional information,
or to purchase products and services. Women.com offers advertisers the
opportunity to target its messages to segments of Women.com's audience, and
therefore delivers greater value to its customers. By developing an extended
family of Women.com-branded properties, it seeks to offer advertisers a wide
range of placement options.

   As of December 31, 2000 Women.com had a direct sales force comprised of 41
sales people, sales managers and support staff. This group is located
primarily in New York, with offices in Chicago, Dallas, Santa Monica and San
Mateo. Women.com's marketing division also works closely with the sales
department to create a variety of advertising packages from banner
advertisements to minisite production.

   Customers

   Women.com's sales division is building a large and varied client base of
advertising relationships, which it believes will build the strongest base of
customers for the future. During the fourth quarter of 2000, Women.com had
over 100 advertising customers and no one customer accounted for more than 10%
of its net revenues in that quarter. Selected customers and their respective
industries advertising on the network include:

                                                   Financial
Automotive                                         Services
    Telecommunications                                              Consumer/
    & Technology                                                    Packaged
                                                   Retail           Goods
    Pharmaceutical
 -----------------------------------------------   -------------    -------------    -------------   -------------    -------------

Daimler                                            Bank of          3Com             Fingerhut       Avon             American Home
 Chrysler                                          America          Dell             JC Penney       Campbells         Products
Ford Motor                                         Robertson        Intel            Macy's          Hallmark         Bristol-Myers
 Company                                             Stephens       Microsoft        Spencer Gifts   Kimberly         Eli Lilly
General Motors                                     State Farm       Network          Walmart         Clark            Johnson &
                                                   Strong Funds      Associates                      Kraft             Johnson
                                                   US Bank          Palm                             Nestle           Merck
                                                   Wells Fargo                                       Procter &        Pfizer
                                                   Visa                                                Gamble
                                                                                                     Sony Pictures

   Content Relationships

   To provide its visitors with comprehensive programming, Women.com has
entered into selected content relationships with companies including ABC News,
Bloomberg L.P., E!Online, Hearst Communications, Rodale and Torstar
(Harlequin).

   Distribution Relationships

   To leverage its brand identity and increase traffic to its network,
Women.com has entered into several online distribution relationships with
leading Internet companies, including America Online, NBCi, Yahoo! and
ISyndicate. Under these distribution agreements, its distribution partners
host Women.com content on their sites. By clicking on the Women.com button or
link placed on a distribution partner's site, a user can immediately access
Women.com's content, tools and services. The term of these relationships
ranges from several months to multiple years.

   Marketing

   Women.com's marketing strategy includes a variety of online and offline
marketing initiatives, which focus on building its brand awareness and
leveraging the equities of associated partner sub-brands, driving traffic to
its network, building its membership base cost effectively, increasing traffic
and duration within its network and building inventory levels and revenue
streams for email advertising sales, magazine subscriptions and monetized
online promotion.

   Women.com's offline brand-building strategy focuses on relationships with
media partners, including Hearst Communications, Rodale and Harlequin. Hearst
Communications and Rodale, for example, promote Women.com's network in each of
their magazines, both with advertising and with site mentions. Women.com also
promotes its network through sponsorship events such as V-Day in Madison
Square Garden and through advertising in print and television broadcast media.
Women.com actively seeks to leverage offline advertising opportunities with
online tie-ins such as its E!Online and Women.com Oscars Red Carpet Quiz
promotion.

   Women.com's marketing department is also engaged in providing support to its
sales effort through the development of sales tools and other collateral
pieces. The client partnership marketing team develops sponsorship packages
and proposals and creates minisites and other production activities on behalf
of advertising clients.

   As of December 31, 2000, Women.com's marketing department consisted of 29
marketing professionals located in San Mateo and New York.

   Technology

   Women.com relies almost exclusively on a variety of third-party products for
its hardware and software. Women.com operates its network to ensure maximum
network uptime, to obtain, preserve and analyze customer data, and to enhance
the user's experience.

   Women.com maintains several Internet servers and application servers, each
of which contain software that balances the amount of content, traffic and
transactions conducted. Each server has one or more replicas and its user
traffic is balanced among them. As a result, if a server fails, there are
enough back-up servers to ensure that Women.com's service interruption is
minimized. Women.com houses its servers at Exodus Communications. Exodus is an
environmentally controlled data center with multiple communication lines and
uninterrupted power.

   Women.com provides tools for its visitors to search through its content
using its servers and is implementing a system that will help it assemble Web
pages in real time based upon user or editorial requirements. Women.com
utilizes third party software to manage and deliver advertisements and to
provide advertisers online access to the information they need to measure how
their advertisements are performing on Women.com's network.

   Competition

   The market for Internet content and service providers is highly competitive
with few barriers to entry. The market segment that Women.com targets is
characterized by an increasing number of market entrants with competing
content and services.

   Women.com competes, in particular, with the following types of companies:

   o publishers of women's print magazines, such as Conde Nast and Hachette
     Filipachi, which also host Internet sites with content designed to
     complement their magazines

   o content aggregators, including America Online, Microsoft and Yahoo!

   o Internet companies, such as Oxygen Media, which target women online

   o Internet directories, search engines and other sites that offer original
     editorial content

   o companies in the print, broadcast and television industries

   Employees

   As of December 31, 2000, Women.com had 259 full-time employees, of whom 120
were in content development, 41 in sales, 48 in technical operations, 29 in
marketing and 21 in general and administrative services.

   Properties

   As of February 10, 2001, Women.com's headquarters were located in
approximately 46,000 square feet of office space in San Mateo, California
under lease agreements that expire on December 31, 2002 as to approximately
29,000 square feet and August 31, 2003 as to the remainder. In addition,
Women.com leases approximately 49,000 square feet of office space in New York
City pursuant to a lease agreement which expires December 31, 2010. Women.com
also maintains offices in Chicago, Illinois, New Canaan, Connecticut, Dallas,
Texas and Santa Monica, California.

   Legal Proceedings

   There were no significant legal proceedings as of December 31, 2000.

Selected Consolidated Financial Data of Women.com

   The Women.com selected consolidated financial data have been derived from
the audited consolidated financial statements for the respective periods. The
consolidated financial data should be read in conjunction with Women.com's
consolidated audited financial statements and the notes thereto and
"Women.com's Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations" included elsewhere in this joint proxy statement/
prospectus.

                                                                 Year Ended December 31,
                                                  -----------------------------------------------------

                                                    2000        1999        1998       1997      1996
                                                    ---          ---        ---        ---        ---

                                                          (in thousands, except per share data)

Statement of Operations Data:
Net revenues .................................   $  43,647    $ 30,023    $  7,247   $ 2,798    $   729
Net loss attributable to common stockholders .   $(121,191)   $(57,068)   $(13,615)  $(6,612)   $(2,987)
Basic and diluted net loss per share
attributable to common stockholders ..........   $   (2.59)   $  (2.11)   $ (10.52)  $ (9.15)   $ (4.26)
Shares used in computing basic and diluted
net loss per share ...........................      46,803      27,062       1,294       722        702

                                                                 Year Ended December 31,
                                                   ----------------------------------------------------

                                                    2000       1999        1998       1997       1996
                                                    ---         ---        ---         ---        ---

                                                          (in thousands, except per share data)

Balance Sheet Data:
Cash equivalents ..............................   $30,135    $ 87,242    $ 12,235   $  4,885    $ 1,761
Working capital ...............................    29,370      93,187       9,856      2,874         83
Total assets ..................................    57,926     172,539      18,062      6,430      2,208
Mandatorily redeemable convertible preferred
stock and warrants ............................        --          --      35,420     15,012      5,817
Total stockholders' equity (deficit) ..........    47,390     158,074     (22,705)   (12,256)    (5,650)

   Women.com has never paid any cash dividends on its capital stock.

Women.com's Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations

   Overview

   Women.com Networks was formed in October 1992 and introduced its current
Internet site, located at www.women.com, in 1995. In January 1999, Women.com
Networks and Hearst HomeArts, Inc., a subsidiary of The Hearst Corporation,
contributed their businesses to Women.com Networks LLC, which was jointly
owned by Women.com and HomeArts. In August 1999, Women.com and HomeArts merged
and the business previously conducted by Women.com Networks LLC was continued
by Women.com. The creation of Women.com Networks LLC was accounted for as an
acquisition using the purchase method of accounting. The operations of
HomeArts have been included in Women.com's operations since the formation of
Women.com Networks LLC on January 29, 1999.

   Women.com has incurred significant net losses and negative cash flows from
operations since its inception. As of December 31, 2000, Women.com had an
accumulated deficit of $204.2 million. Women.com expects its operating losses
to continue as its expands its network and it will continue to invest in its
infrastructure by making capital expenditures. As a result, Women.com believes
it will incur significant operating losses and negative cash flows from
operations for at least the next several years.  Women.com's continuation as a
going concern is dependent on its ability to obtain additional financing to
meet its obligations.

   On February 5, 2001, Women.com entered into a definitive agreement whereby
iVillage would acquire all of the outstanding shares of Women.com. This
transaction, if approved by the stockholders of Women.com and iVillage, is
expected to close during the second quarter of 2001 and will potentially have
a significant impact on the future operations of Women.com.

   Women.com's revenues to date have been generated primarily from advertising
and sponsorships. Advertising and sponsorship revenues represented 79%, 83%
and 74% of total revenues for the years ended December 31, 2000, 1999 and
1998, respectively.

   Advertising revenues consist primarily of sales of banner advertisements and
sponsorships. Advertising contracts are generally short-term, although
Women.com has entered into long-term contracts and sponsorships with several
customers. Women.com typically guarantees a minimum number of impressions or
page views to be delivered to users over a specified period of time for a
fixed fee. Advertising revenues are generally recognized ratably over the
period in which the advertising is displayed. To the extent that minimum
guaranteed page deliveries are not met, Women.com defers recognition of the
corresponding revenues until the guaranteed page deliveries are achieved.

   Sponsorship revenues are derived from contracts that generally range from 6
to 24 months in length. Sponsorship agreements typically include the delivery
of impressions, market research, preferred status within relevant content
areas and the design and development of sites branded by both Women.com and
the sponsor intended to enhance the promotional objective of the sponsor.
Women.com recognizes sponsorship revenues as earned, which is generally
ratably over the contract period. To the extent that committed obligations
under sponsorship agreements are not met, revenue recognition is deferred
until the obligations are met.

   Advertising revenues also include barter revenues, which represent the
exchange of advertising space on Women.com's network for reciprocal
advertising space on third party Web sites as well as other advertising and
promotional vehicles. Women.com has adopted the provisions of EITF 99-17
"Accounting for Advertising Barter Transactions" ("EITF 99-17") and revenue
from barter transactions are recorded as advertising revenues at the fair
value of the advertising surrendered only if the fair value of the advertising
surrendered in the transaction is determinable based on the Women.com's own
historical practice of receiving cash for similar advertising from buyers
unrelated to the counterparty in the barter transaction. Any barter revenue
complying with these provisions is recognized when the advertisements are run
on Women.com's Web site. Barter expenses are recorded when Women.com's
advertisements run on the reciprocal media property, which is typically in the
same period in which the advertisements run on Women.com's network. Barter
revenue comprised less than 1% of Women.com's total revenues in 2000 and 1999
as compared to 9% in 1998. 17.2 million impressions were surrendered and
received in the year ended December 31, 2000 in barter transactions for which
a fair value was not determinable based on the provisions of EITF 99-17.

   Production revenues are derived from contracts in which Women.com designs
and develops Web sites for third parties for use on the Women.com network or
their own sites. Women.com recognizes production revenues as earned, which is
generally as services are performed over the contract period. To the extent
that committed obligations under production agreements are not met, revenue
recognition is deferred until the obligations are met.

   E-commerce revenues consisted of commissions from the sale of magazine
subscriptions and books sold on the network, sales of services on Astronet
including personalized reports and readings and, to a lesser extent, payments
from affiliate sales programs. Affiliate program e-commerce net revenues are
recognized upon notification from the affiliate. Since Women.com does not meet
the definition of a principal in any of these transactions Women.com reports
revenue net in accordance with the provisions of EITF 99-19 "Reporting Revenue
Gross as a Principal Versus Net as an Agent."

   Results of Operations for Years Ended December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998

   Results of operations for the year ended December 31, 1998 include the
results of Women.com only, as the combination with HomeArts and Astronet did
not occur until January 29, 1999. Results of operations for 2000 and 1999
include the combined results of Women.com and HomeArts for the period
subsequent to the combination with HomeArts and Astronet on January 29, 1999.
Results of operations for 2000 also include the operating results of World
Gaming Corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Women.com, since December 10,
1999.

   Net revenues. Net revenues were $43.6 million for the year ended December
31, 2000, a 45% increase over 1999. This increase was primarily due to higher
advertising and sponsorship revenues during 2000. Advertising and sponsorship
revenues totaled $34.4 million, a 68% increase over 1999. Production revenues
totaled $6.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2000, a 51% increase over
1999. Included in production revenues for 2000 are fees of $3.3 million (7% of
total revenues) related to Women.com's magazine content license and hosting
agreement with Hearst Communications, a principal stockholder of Women.com.

   Net revenues were $30.0 million for the year ended December 31, 1999, a 314%
increase over 1998. The combination with HomeArts and Astronet accounted for
36% of this increase. The remaining increase in revenues was primarily due to
Women.com's higher advertising and sponsorship revenues during 1999.
Advertising and sponsorship revenues were $20.5 million in 1999, a 330%
increase over 1998. Production revenues related to the relaunch of nine
magazine sites under the Hearst magazine content license and hosting agreement
totaled $2.7 million (9% of total revenues) in 1999.

   Production, product and technology expenses. Production, product and
technology expenses consist primarily of personnel related costs for technical
operations, editorial and design activities and content acquisition costs.
Production, product and technology expenses increased to $40.4 million for the
year ended December 31, 2000 as compared to $23.7 million for the same period
in 1999. This increase was primarily due to increased personnel costs of
approximately $8.8 million, $2.7 million in increased content acquisition
costs and the balance related to other costs associated with Women.com's
growing network.

   Production, product and technology expenses increased to $23.7 million in
1999 compared to $6.1 million in 1998. This increase was primarily due to
increased expenses of $8.4 million associated with costs related to the
combination with HomeArts and Astronet. Women.com also incurred $4.7 million
of expenses related to the hiring of additional personnel, as well as $1.0
million in increased content acquisition costs and other production costs
associated with growth in its business.

   Sales and marketing expenses. Sales and marketing expenses consist
primarily of personnel costs and advertising, distribution and public
relations expenses. Sales and marketing expenses increased to $46.0 million
for the year ended December 31, 2000 compared to $36.1 million for the same
period in 1999. This increase was primarily attributable to increased
distribution costs of $6.2 million, increased personnel costs of $1.7 million
and approximately $700,000 related to new advertising products and programs.
Sales and marketing expenses for 2000 also include $3.0 million in noncash
expenses related to print campaigns provided by Hearst Communications under
Women.com's agreement with Hearst Communications.

   Sales and marketing expenses were $36.1 million in 1999 compared to $12.3
million in 1998. Additional advertising costs including television advertising
of $5.7 million, personnel costs related to increased headcount of $4.0
million, costs related to the HomeArts and Astronet combination of $3.5
million and increased distribution costs of $3.4 million contributed to this
increase. Sales and marketing expenses for 1999 also include $3.5 million in
noncash expenses related to print campaigns provided by Hearst Communications
under Women.com's agreement with Hearst Communications.

   General and administrative expenses. General and administrative expenses
consist primarily of personnel costs, occupancy costs, depreciation expenses,
bad debt expense and legal and accounting fees. General and administrative
expenses increased to $11.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2000
compared to $8.0 million for the same period in 1999, primarily as a result of
a $3.1 million increase in bad debt expense.

   General and administrative expenses were $8.0 million in 1999, an increase
of 315% over 1998. Approximately 27% of the total increase was related to the
combination with HomeArts and Astronet. The remainder of the increase is
attributable to additional occupancy, insurance and other costs related to the
Women.com's growing employee base. Women.com headcount increased from 103 at
the end of 1998 to 277 at the end of 1999. Approximately 80 of these employees
came from the combination with HomeArts and Astronet.

   Stock-based compensation. Stock-based compensation consists of charges
related to the difference between employee stock and stock option grant prices
and deemed fair market values on the date of grant amortized over the vesting
period of the options. Stock-based compensation has been allocated between
production, product and technology, sales and marketing and general and
administrative expenses in Women.com's financial statements. Women.com's
stock-based compensation was a credit of $559,000 for the year ended December
31, 2000 compared with an expense of $3.0 million in 1999. This decrease was
due to the reversal of amortized stock-based compensation expense in relation
to cancellations during 2000 of unvested stock options previously granted due
to employee terminations in the year.

   Stock-based compensation expense was $3.0 million in 1999 compared with $1.2
million in 1998. The increase is due to increased levels of stock option
grants and increases in the deemed fair market value of the underlying common
stock.

   Amortization of acquired intangibles. Amortization of acquired intangibles
consists of the amortization of goodwill and intangible assets acquired.
Women.com reported $29.1 million of amortization of acquired intangibles in
2000 as compared to $20.5 million in 1999. This increase is primarily
attributable to amortization related to the World Gaming Corporation
acquisition (acquired December 1999) and the EZSharing.com acquisition
(acquired February 2000). Amortization in 2000 also includes a full year of
amortization related to the HomeArts acquisition (acquired January 29, 1999).

   Amortization of acquired intangibles was $20.5 million for the year ended
December 31, 1999 as compared to $517,000 in 1998. The 1999 expense includes
amortization related to the 1999 acquisitions of HomeArts and World Gaming
Corporation, in addition to the 1998 acquisition of Wild Wild Web.

   Impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets and abandonment of
certain tangible fixed assets. During the fourth quarter of 2000, Women.com
performed an impairment assessment of the identifiable intangible assets and
goodwill recorded upon the acquisitions of Wild Wild Web, Inc., HomeArts,
Internethoroscopes.com International, World Gaming Corporation and
EZSharing.com, Inc. The assessment was performed primarily due to the
significant decline in Women.com's stock price since the date the shares
issued in each acquisition were valued and the overall decline in internet
advertising growth. As a result of this review Women.com recorded a $35.9
million impairment charge for goodwill and other intangible assets. The charge
was determined based upon estimated discounted cash flows using a discount
rate of 20%. The assumptions supporting the estimated cash flows including the
discount rate were determined using management's best estimates.

   As of December 31, 2000, Women.com identified certain tangible fixed assets
that are not currently being used in its operations and, therefore, have no
value to it. The net book value of these assets, totaling $1.1 million, was
written off in the consolidated financial statements for the year ended
December 31, 2000.

   Loss on investment. Women.com acquired 1,142,857 shares of Series H
preferred stock of Medical Self Care, Inc. for approximately $4.0 million in
cash on February 2, 2000. This investment has been accounted for using the
cost of method of accounting. Women.com received notification of a general
assignment for the benefit of creditors and, as a result, management believes
this asset has been impaired. Accordingly, the financial statements reflect a
$4.0 million loss on investment for the year ended December 31, 2000.

   Other income, net. Women.com reported other income, net of $3.6 million for
the year ended December 31, 2000 as compared to $1.4 million for the same
period in 1999. Other income, net increased to $1.4 million in 1999 from
$539,000 in 1998. Both increases were primarily due to higher cash balances in
connection with private and public sales of equity securities.

   Income taxes. No provision for federal and state income taxes has been
recorded as Women.com incurred net losses through December 31, 2000. Women.com
has taken a valuation allowance on the full amount of the net operating loss
carry-forwards since it is likely the benefit will not be realized in the
future.

   Women.com elected to be taxed as a partnership for the period beginning on
January 29, 1999, the date of formation of Women.com Networks LLC and ending
on the date of the merger of Women.com Networks and HomeArts in August 1999.
Federal and state tax effects of Women.com losses during this period were
recorded by the members of the LLC on their respective income tax returns.

   Liquidity and Capital Resources

   Until its initial public offering in October 1999, which raised net proceeds
of approximately $38.6 million including the underwriter's over-allotment
option, Women.com financed its operations primarily through the private
placement of its convertible preferred stock.

   In February 2001, Women.com entered into a definitive agreement whereby
iVillage would acquire all of the outstanding shares of Women.com. This
transaction, if approved by the stockholders of Women.com and iVillage, is
expected to close during the second quarter of 2001 and will potentially have
a significant impact on the future operations of Women.com. If the transaction
is not completed, Women.com will need to raise additional capital to fund its
2001 operations. There can be no assurance that the transaction with iVillage
will be completed or that Women.com will be successful in raising additional
funding if the transaction is not completed. The consolidated financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome
of this uncertainty.

   Women.com believes that its existing cash and cash equivalents may not be
sufficient to meet its operating and capital requirements at their currently
anticipated level of operations beyond the end of the second quarter of 2001.
While Women.com may take appropriate actions to change its proposed operations
to stretch its current cash positions beyond the end of the second quarter of
2001, additional capital will be necessary to fund its operations at currently
anticipated levels beyond the second quarter of 2001. There can be no
assurance that Women.com will be able to obtain additional funds, on
acceptable terms or at all. If Women.com cannot raise additional capital on
acceptable terms, it will not be able to continue its present level of
operations and will have to scale back its business and may not be able to
further take advantage of future opportunities or respond to competitive
pressures, any of which could have a material adverse effect on its business
and results of operations. These conditions raise substantial doubt about
Women.com's ability to continue as a going concern.

   Women.com expects its operating losses to continue as it expands its network
and it will continue to invest in its infrastructure by making capital
expenditures. As a result, Women.com expects to record losses during 2001.

   If the transaction with iVillage is not completed, Women.com may attempt to
finance its future capital needs through some combination of commercial bank
borrowing, leasing, vendor financing and the sale of additional equity or debt
securities. Women.com's capital requirements will vary based upon the timing
and success of implementation of its business plan and as a result of
competitive and technological developments, or if:

   o demand for its services or its cash flow from operations varies from
     projections;

   o its development plans or projections change or prove to be inaccurate;

   o Women.com makes any acquisitions;

   o Women.com accelerates deployment of its network or otherwise alters the
     schedule of targets of its business plan implementation.

   Net cash used in operating activities increased to $42.9 million in 2000
from $34.5 million in 1999 and $11.7 million in 1998. These increases were
primarily due to increased net losses offset in part by increased noncash
charges including amortization of intangibles and impairment of goodwill and
other intangible assets and abandonment of certain tangible assets in 2000
totaling $66.1 million. Net cash used in operating activities in 1999 was
primarily related to the net loss for the year offset in part by noncash
charges of $20.5 million for amortization of intangibles. Net cash used in
operating activities in 1998 was primarily related to the net loss for the
year offset in part by noncash charges of $1.2 million for stock-based
compensation.

   Net cash used in investing activities increased to $16.1 million in 2000 as
compared to $3.6 million in 1999 and $1.1 million in 1998. The net cash used
in investing activities in 2000 was related to acquisitions of property and
equipment related to Women.com's investment in technology infrastructure of
$9.2 million, the investment in Medical Self Care, Inc. of $4.0 million and
the acquisition of EZSharing.com of $2.0 million. The net cash used in
investing activities in 1999 was due to the acquisition of World Gaming
Corporation for $9.2 million and purchases of property and equipment totaling
$7.2 million and was partially offset by $12.9 million of cash received from
Hearst in connection with the HomeArts and Astronet combination.

   Net cash provided by financing activities decreased to $1.9 million in 2000
compared to $113.2 million in 1999 and $20.1 million in 1998. 1999 included
net proceeds from the issuance of common stock in both public and private
offerings of $113.1 million and 1998 included proceeds from the issuance of
Series D preferred stock of $20.0 million.

   Recent Accounting Pronouncements

   In June 1998, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards No. 133, ("SFAS 133"), "Accounting for
Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities." SFAS 133 establishes new
standards of accounting and reporting for derivative instruments and hedging
activities. SFAS 133 requires that all derivatives be recognized at fair value
in the statement of financial position, and that the corresponding gains or
losses be reported either in the statement of operations or as a component of
comprehensive income, depending on the type of hedging relationship that
exists. In July 1999, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued SFAS No.
137 ("SFAS 137"), "Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging
Activities - Deferral of the Effective Date of SFAS No. 133." SFAS 137
deferred the effective date of SFAS 133 until the first fiscal quarter of the
fiscal year beginning after June 15, 2000. The adoption of SFAS 133 and SFAS
137 is not expected to have a material effect on Women.com's financial
position or results of operations.

   In December 1999, the SEC issued Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 101 ("SAB
101"), Revenue Recognition in Financial Statements." SAB 101 summarizes
certain of the SEC's views in applying generally accepted accounting
principles to revenue recognition in financial statements. Women.com was
required to adopt SAB 101 in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2000. The adoption
of SAB 101 did not have a material effect on Women.com's financial position or
results of operations.

   In March 2000, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued FASB
Interpretation No. 44 ("FIN 44"), "Accounting for Certain Transactions
Involving Stock Compensation an Interpretation of APB 25." FIN 44 becomes
effective July 1, 2000, but certain conclusions cover specific events that
occur after either December 15, 1998 or January 12, 2000. The adoption of FIN
44 did not have a material effect on Women.com's financial position or results
of operations.

   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk

   Women.com maintains its cash equivalents in an institutional money market
fund. As of December 31, 2000 all of Women.com's cash equivalent investments
will mature in three months or less. Women.com did not hold derivative
financial instruments as of December 31, 2000 and has never held any such
instruments. Currently all sales and expenses are denominated in U.S. dollars
and as a result no foreign exchange gains or losses have been experienced to
date. Women.com Networks does not expect any transactions in foreign
currencies during 2001 nor has it engaged in foreign currency hedging to date.

Principal Stockholders of Women.com

   The following table sets forth certain information regarding the ownership
of Women.com's common stock as of January 31, 2001 by: (i) each director and
nominee for director; (ii) each of the executive officers of Women.com; (iii)
all executive officers and directors of Women.com as a group; and (iv) all
those known by Women.com to be beneficial owners of more than five percent of
its common stock.

                                           Number of Shares      Percentage of
Name and Address of Beneficial Owners        Beneficially        Common Stock
- ------------------------------------            Owned         Beneficially Owned
                                           ----------------   ------------------

Hearst Communications, Inc.(1) ........       21,576,447             45.7%
 The Hearst Corporation
 959 Eighth Avenue
 New York, NY 10019
Marleen McDaniel(2) ...................        1,171,036              2.4
Barry Weinman(3) ......................        1,646,145              3.5
William Miller(4) .....................           17,500                *
James Asher ...........................           12,300                *
Cathleen Black ........................            5,000                *
Alfred Sikes(5) .......................            3,000                *
Mark Miller ...........................               --               --
David Galloway(6) .....................        1,376,000              2.9
Ellen Pack(7) .........................          922,190              1.9
Gina Garrubbo(8) ......................          400,207                *
Greg Panawek ..........................               --               --
A. Erin Ruane(9) ......................           67,354                *
All executive officers and directors
as a group (12 persons)(10) ...........        5,620,732             11.6

- ---------------

*    Less than one percent.

     This table is based upon information supplied by officers, directors and
     principal stockholders and Schedules 13D and 13G filed with the
     Securities and Exchange Commission. Unless otherwise indicated in the
     footnotes to this table and subject to community property laws where
     applicable, Women.com believes that each of the stockholders named in
     this table has sole voting and investment power with respect to the
     shares indicated as beneficially owned. Applicable percentages are based
     on 47,249,399 shares outstanding on January 31, 2001, adjusted as
     required by rules promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission.

 (1) The Hearst Family Trust is the sole stockholder of The Hearst
     Corporation. Hearst Communications, Inc. is a wholly-owned indirect
     subsidiary of The Hearst Corporation.

 (2) Includes 801,036 shares issuable upon exercise of options exercisable
     within 60 days of January 31, 2001.

 (3) Includes 231,933 shares held by Associated Venture Investors III, L.P.,
     1,395,775 shares held by AVI Capital, L.P. and 15,937 shares held by AVI
     Silicon Valley Partners, L.P. Mr. Weinman, a director of Women.com, is a
     member of AVI Management Partners III, L.P., which the General Partner of
     Associated Venture Investors III, L.P., AVI Capital, L.P. and AVI Silicon
     Valley Partners, L.P. Mr. Weinman disclaims beneficial ownership of
     shares held by such entities except for his proportional interest
     therein. Also includes 2,500 shares held by Mr. Weinman's spouse.

 (4) Includes 2,500 shares held in a trust for the benefit of Mr. Miller and
     15,000 shares issuable upon exercise of options exercisable within 60
     days of January 31, 2001.

 (5) Includes 500 shares held by Mr. Sikes' spouse.

 (6) Includes 1,375,000 shares held by Torstar Corporation. David Galloway is
     the President and Chief Executive Officer of Torstar Corporation. Mr.
     Galloway does not have voting or investment power over the shares held by
     Torstar and disclaims beneficial ownership of such shares.

 (7) Includes 296,872 shares issuable upon exercise of options exercisable
     within 60 days of January 31, 2001.

 (8) Includes 112,707 shares issuable upon exercise of options exercisable
     within 60 days of January 31, 2001.

 (9) Includes 55,893 shares issuable upon exercise of options exercisable
     within 60 days of January 31, 2001.

(10) Includes the shares described in footnotes (2) through (9).

Certain Transactions

   Since January 2000, Women.com has been a party to several transactions in
which the amount involved exceeded $60,000 and in which the following persons
had a direct or indirect material interest:

   o any of Women.com's directors or executive officers;

   o any nominee for election as one of Women.com's directors;

   o any person or entity who is known by Women.com to own beneficially more
     than five percent (5%) of Women.com's outstanding stock; or

   o any member of the immediate family of any of the foregoing persons.

   These transactions include:

   On January 27, 1999, Women.com Networks and Hearst Communications entered
into a magazine content license and hosting agreement relating to the
production and hosting of Web sites for various Hearst Communications
magazines and the license of Hearst Communications intellectual property
rights. This Magazine Content License and Hosting Agreement was subsequently
amended and restated on January 29, 2001. Mr. Asher, Ms. Black, Mr. Miller and
Mr. Sikes, board members of Women.com, are the Vice President and Chief Legal
and Development Officer of Hearst Communications, the President of Hearst
Magazines, the Executive Vice President and General Manager of Hearst
Magazines, and the President of Hearst New Media & Technology, a unit of
Hearst, respectively. Hearst Communications owns approximately 46% of
outstanding Women.com common stock.

   In June 1999, Women.com Networks LLC, the predecessor in interest to
Women.com, entered into a website hosting and development agreement with
Torstar Corporation and its subsidiary, Harlequin Enterprises Limited,
pursuant to which Women.com produced and hosted a web site for which Harlequin
was the primary content provider. On July 1, 2000, Harlequin Enterprises and
Women.com entered into a Website Transition Agreement whereby the original
Website Hosting and Development Agreement terminated and the hosting and
maintenance of the Harlequin website was transitioned back to Harlequin. Mr.
Galloway, the Chief Executive Officer of Torstar, is a member of Women.com's
board of directors.

   In December 2000, Women.com entered into a separation and consulting
agreement with David Brandin, a former executive officer of Women.com.
Pursuant to this agreement, Mr. Brandin's employment relationship with
Women.com was terminated and he was retained as a consultant to Women.com for
a period of six months.

   In August 2000, Women.com entered into an advertising and promotion
agreement with Lifetime Entertainment Services under which Women.com agreed to
purchase advertising on the Lifetime Television Network. Concurrent with the
advertising and promotion agreement, Lifetime agreed to purchase 2,250,204
shares of Women.com common stock for the aggregate purchase price of $8.6
million. These agreements originally provided that Lifetime would purchase the
shares of Women.com common stock on January 1, 2001 and Women.com would
commence purchasing advertising on the Lifetime Television Network on January
1, 2001. Women.com and Lifetime have orally agreed to postpone their
respective obligations under these agreements. In the event that Women.com and
Lifetime agree to perform under the advertising and promotion agreement and
related stock purchase agreement, Lifetime will have the right to terminate
both agreements within 90 days following completion of the merger with
iVillage. Hearst Communications indirectly owns a 50% interest in Lifetime
Entertainment Services. Hearst Communications owns approximately 46% of
outstanding Women.com common stock and Mr. Asher, Ms. Black, Mr. Miller and
Mr. Sikes, board members of Women.com, serve in various management roles for
entities affiliated with Hearst Communications.

   In June 2000, Women.com Ventures Limited, a company incorporated in England
and wholly-owned subsidiary of Women.com, entered into a joint venture with
Nat Mag Ventures Limited, a subsidiary of Hearst Communications, for the
creation and promotion of a website aimed principally at women in the United
Kingdom, "UK.Women.com." According to the terms of this joint venture, Hearst
Communications is to contribute capital and licensed content, and Women.com is
to contribute licensed content and Internet expertise.

              UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                              FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

   The following unaudited pro forma combined condensed consolidated financial
statements have been prepared to give effect to the acquisition of Women.com
by iVillage and are based upon the historical results of Women.com and
iVillage, and the preliminary estimates and assumptions have been made solely
for the purposes of developing this pro forma information. The unaudited pro
forma combined condensed consolidated financial statements are not necessarily
indicative of the results that would have been achieved had these transactions
been consummated as of the dates indicated or that which may be achieved in
the future.

   The unaudited pro forma combined condensed consolidated balance sheet and
unaudited pro forma combined condensed consolidated statements of operations
and the accompanying notes thereto should be read in conjunction with the
historical financial statements of iVillage and Women.com and notes thereto.

   The unaudited pro forma combined condensed consolidated balance sheet as of
December 31, 2000 gives effect to these transactions as if such transactions
had occurred on December 31, 2000.

   The unaudited pro forma combined condensed consolidated statement of
operations for the year ended December 31, 2000 gives effect to these
transactions as if such transactions had occurred on January 1, 2000.

   The allocation of the purchase price to the assets and liabilities acquired
are preliminary. Final allocations will be based on appraisal or other
analyses of fair value.

                         iVILLAGE INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
       UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET

                               December 31, 2000
                                 (in thousands)

                                                  iVillage Inc.
                                                       and                      Pro Forma
                                                   Subsidiaries    Women.com   Adjustments    Pro Forma
                                                  -------------    ---------   -----------    ---------

Assets
Current assets:
 Cash and cash equivalents....................      $  48,963      $  30,135    $    (250)1(a)$  97,748
                                                                                   (1,000)1(b)
                                                                                   19,900 1(f)
 Accounts receivable, net.....................          7,864          6,660           --        14,524
 Other current assets.........................          9,700          3,111           --        12,811
                                                  -------------    ---------   -----------    ---------
    Total current assets......................         66,527         39,906       18,650       125,083
Restricted cash...............................          9,250          1,520           --        10,770
Fixed assets, net.............................         20,057         12,700      (12,700) 1(c)  20,057
Goodwill and other intangible assets, net.....         36,432             --           --        36,432
Other assets..................................            137          3,800       (3,800) 1(c)     137
Non-current assets of discontinued operations.             56             --           --            56
                                                  -------------    ---------   -----------    ---------
    Total assets..............................      $ 132,459      $  57,926    $   2,150     $ 192,535
                                                  =============    =========   ===========    =========

Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity
Current liabilities:
 Accounts payable and accrued expenses........      $  18,695      $   7,904           --     $  26,599
 Deferred revenue.............................          6,337          2,632           --         8,969
 Deferred rent................................            361             --           --           361
 Net current liabilities of discontinued
   operations.................................            882             --           --           882
                                                  -------------    ---------   -----------    ---------
Total current liabilities.....................         26,275         10,536           --        36,811
Deferred rent, net of current portion.........          4,818             --           --         4,818
Negative goodwill.............................             --             --        2,685 1(c)    2,685
                                                  -------------    ---------   -----------    ---------
    Total liabilities.........................         31,093         10,536        2,685        44,314
Commitments and contingencies
Stockholders' equity:
 Preferred stock..............................             --             --           --            --
 Common stock.................................            297             47          (47)1(d)      542
                                                                                      152 1(e)
                                                                                       93 1(f)
Additional paid-in capital....................        495,758        252,465       (1,000)1(b)  542,368
                                                                                 (252,465)1(d)
                                                                                   27,803 1(e)
                                                                                   19,807 1(f)
Accumulated deficit...........................       (384,316)      (204,213)     204,213 1(d) (384,316)
Stockholders' notes receivable................         (7,148)           (44)          44 1(d)   (7,148)
Unearned compensation and deferred advertising         (3,225)          (865)         865 1(d)   (3,225)
                                                  -------------    ---------   -----------    ---------
    Total stockholders' equity................        101,366         47,390         (535)      148,221
                                                  -------------    ---------   -----------    ---------
    Total liabilities and stockholders'
     equity...................................      $ 132,459      $  57,926    $   2,150     $ 192,535
                                                  =============    =========   ===========    =========

                         iVILLAGE INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
              UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                            STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

                          YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2000
                    (in thousands, except per share amounts)

                                                         iVillage Inc.
                                                              and                      Pro Forma
                                                          Subsidiaries    Women.com   Adjustments           Pro Forma
                                                         -------------    ---------   -----------           ---------

Revenue ..............................................   $    76,352      $  43,647   $      --             $ 119,999
Cost of revenues .....................................        27,596             --          --                27,596
                                                           ---------      ---------      ------             ---------
Gross margin .........................................        48,756         43,647          --                92,403
                                                           ---------      ---------      ------             ---------
Operating expenses:
 Product development and technology ..................         7,731         40,447          --                48,178
 Sales and marketing .................................        54,098         45,954          --               100,052
 General and administrative ..........................        22,634         11,918          --                34,552
 Depreciation and amortization .......................        37,681         29,138          --      2(a)      66,819
 Impairment of goodwill ..............................        98,056         36,933          --               134,989
                                                           ---------      ---------      ------             ---------
Total operating expenses .............................       220,200        164,390          --               384,590
                                                           ---------      ---------      ------             ---------
Loss from operations .................................      (171,444)      (120,743)         --              (292,187)
Interest income, net .................................         5,261             --          --                 5,261
Other income, net ....................................           595          3,552          --                 4,147
Write-down of note receivable and investments ........       (13,496)        (4,000)         --               (17,496)
Loss from affiliate ..................................          (422)            --          --                  (422)
                                                           ---------      ---------      ------             ---------
Net loss attributable to common stockholders from
 continuing operations ...............................   $  (179,506)     $(121,191)         --             $(300,697)
                                                           ---------      ---------      ------             ---------
Pro forma basic and diluted net loss per share from
 continuing operations ...............................   $     (6.05)                        --                 (5.55)
                                                           =========                                        =========
Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding
 used in computing pro forma basic and diluted net
 loss per share from continuing operations ...........        29,683                     15,214      2(b)      54,221
                                                           =========                                        =========
                                                                                          9,324      2(b)
                                                                                         ======

                         iVILLAGE INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

          Notes to Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Condensed Consolidated
                              Financial Statements
                       (in thousands, except share data)

1.   The pro forma adjustments to the unaudited pro forma combined condensed
     consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2000 are as follows:

     a)   Adjustment to cash for the cash portion of the acquisition price of
          approximately $250.

     b)   Adjustment to cash for estimated closing costs of $1.0 million in
          connection with the acquisition of Women.com.

     c)   Adjustment to fixed assets, goodwill and other assets to reflect the
          excess of the fair value of the net assets acquired over the
          purchase price, calculated as follows:

      Cash portion of purchase price ................................   $    250
      Value of stock portion of purchase price ......................     27,955
                                                                        --------
      Purchase price ................................................     28,205
      Fair value of net assets to be acquired .......................     47,390
                                                                        --------
      Negative goodwill .............................................    (19,185)
      Reduction of fair value of fixed assets .......................     12,700
      Reduction of fair value of other assets .......................      3,800
                                                                        --------
      Negative goodwill .............................................   $ (2,685)
                                                                        ========

        o The value of the common stock to be issued in connection with the
          acquisition was estimated as $1.84, the average value of the
          iVillage common stock surrounding the date the terms of the
          acquisition were agreed to and announced.

   The allocation of the purchase price to the assets and liabilities acquired
are preliminary. Final allocations will be based on appraisal or other
analyses of fair values. The final allocation may differ from the amounts
above. It is anticipated that no negative goodwill will exist in the final
purchase price allocation due to an anticipated reduction in the working
capital balance of Women.com prior to the date of closing.

     d)   Adjustment to reflect the elimination of Women.com's stockholders'
          equity balances.

     e)   Adjustment to reflect the issuance of approximately 15,214,000
          shares of iVillage common stock for the acquisition.

     f)   Adjustment to reflect cash received from Hearst Communications and
          Women.com's other public stockholders through a registered rights
          offering, less anticipated expenses and the issuance of
          approximately 9,324,000 shares, and warrants to purchase an
          additional 2,100,000 shares, of iVillage common stock.

2.   The pro forma adjustments to the unaudited pro forma combined condensed
     consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2000
     are as follows:

     a)   A credit for the amortization of negative goodwill or an adjustment to
          reflect the reduction of depreciation expense due to the above
          calculated reduction in the fair value of Women.com fixed assets was
          not recorded due to an anticipated lower working capital balance by
          the date of closing which likely result in no negative goodwill or a
          reduction in fixed assets.

     b)   Adjustment to the weighted average shares of common stock outstanding
          used in computing basic and diluted net loss per share to reflect the
          issuance of approximately 15,214,000 shares of common stock in
          connection with the acquisition of Women.com, and approximately
          9,324,000 shares issued to Hearst Communications and Women.com's other
          public stockholders in connection with the registered rights offering.

                              THE RIGHTS OFFERING

   The following describes the rights offering in general and assumes that you
are a record holder of Women.com common stock on the record date. If you hold
your shares of Women.com common stock in a brokerage account or through a
dealer or other nominee, please see "Beneficial Owners" below.

The Rights

   If you are a record holder of Women.com's common stock on the record date,
which is February 27, 2001, iVillage is distributing to you, at no charge, one
right for each share of Women.com's common stock that you owned on the record
date. The rights are not transferable and may not be sold. Each right will
entitle the holder to purchase ________ of a share of iVillage's common stock
and a warrant to purchase __________ of a share of iVillage's common stock for a
subscription price of $_________ per right. iVillage is not issuing fractional
shares or warrants to purchase a fraction of a share and iVillage will not pay
cash in lieu of fractional rights. All fractions shall be rounded down to the
nearest whole share. Hearst has agreed to purchase all shares and warrants that
are not purchased by the other Women.com stockholders.

   The shares that you may purchase under your rights are in addition to the
shares of iVillage common stock that are to be distributed to Women.com's
stockholders in exchange for their shares of Women.com common stock upon the
closing of the merger.

   iVillage is sending a subscription agreement to each record holder of
Women.com common stock along with this prospectus and related instructions, to
evidence the rights. In order to exercise your rights you must fill out and
sign the appropriate subscription agreement and timely deliver it with full
payment for the rights exercised.

Terms of the Warrants

   The warrants will have an exercise price of $0.01 per share and will be
exercisable at any time after the date of issuance until December 31, 2004 but
only if the average closing price of iVillage's common stock has exceeded
$3.75 per share on any fifteen consecutive trading days. The holder of a
warrant will have 30 days after notification in writing from iVillage of the
satisfaction of this condition in which to exercise the warrant. iVillage
cannot assure you when, or if, the market price for its common stock will
exceed the required $3.75 per share market price threshold for exercising the
warrants.

Expiration of the Rights

   You may exercise your rights at any time before 5:00 p.m., New York City
time, on March 29, 2001, the expiration date for the rights. iVillage may, in
iVillage's sole discretion, extend the time for exercising the rights. If you
do not exercise your rights before the expiration date, your unexercised
rights will be null and void. iVillage will not be obligated to honor your
exercise of rights if the subscription agent receives the documents relating
to your exercise after the expiration date of the rights, regardless of when
you transmitted the documents. iVillage may extend the expiration date by
giving oral or written notice to the subscription agent on or before the
scheduled expiration date. If iVillage elects to extend the expiration date of
the rights, iVillage will issue a press release announcing the extension no
later than 9:00 a.m., New York City time, on the next business day after the
most recently announced expiration date.

   To exercise rights in a timely manner, you must assure that the subscription
agent actually receives, prior to expiration of the rights, the properly
executed and completed subscription agreement, together with full payment for
all rights you wish to exercise.

Conditions to the Offering

   iVillage may terminate the offering if the merger does not close for any
reason, including the failure to satisfy applicable conditions specified in
the merger agreement. For a description of the conditions to the closing of
the merger, see "The Merger Agreement - Conditions to the Merger." In
addition, iVillage may terminate the rights offering if at any time before
completion of the offering there is any judgment, order, decree, injunction,
statute, law or regulation entered, enacted, amended or held to be applicable
to the offering that in the sole

judgment of iVillage's board of directors would or might make the offering or
its completion illegal or otherwise restrict or prohibit completion of the
offering. iVillage may waive any of these conditions and choose to proceed
with the offering even if one or more of these events occur. If iVillage
terminates the rights offering, all rights will expire without value and all
subscription payments received by the subscription agent will be returned
promptly, without interest or deduction. The rights offering is not
conditioned on any minimum number of shares being purchased.

Method of Subscription - Exercise of Rights

   You may exercise your rights by delivering the following to the subscription
agent, at or before 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on March 29, 2001, the date
on which the rights expire:

   o Your properly completed and executed subscription agreement with any
     required signature guarantees or other supplemental documentation; and

   o Your full subscription price payment for each right exercised.

   Please do not send subscription agreements or related forms to iVillage.
Please send the properly completed and executed form of subscription agreement
with full payment to the subscription agent. If you are not a broker, bank or
other eligible institution, you must obtain a signature guarantee on the
subscription agreement from a broker, bank or other institution eligible to
guarantee signatures in order to transfer the subscription agreement in whole
or to transfer a portion of your rights.

   You should read carefully the forms of subscription agreement and related
instructions and forms which accompany this joint proxy statement/prospectus.
You should call the subscription agent at 1-(888) 509-5587 promptly with any
questions you may have.

Required Forms of Payment

   Your payment of the subscription price must be made in U.S. dollars for the
full number of rights you are subscribing for by either:

   o Check or bank draft drawn upon a U.S. bank or postal, telegraphic or
     express money order payable to the subscription agent; or

   o Wire transfer of immediately available funds, to the subscription account
     maintained by the subscription agent at JP Chase, ABA No. 021000021,
     Account No. 610019805, further credit to Continental Stock -- Misc.
     Agency Account -- iVillage Inc., Attention: Reorganization Department.

Receipt of Payment

   Your payment will be considered received by the subscription agent only
upon:

   o Clearance of any uncertified check;

   o Receipt by the subscription agent of any certified check or bank draft
     drawn on a U.S. bank or of any postal, telegraphic or express money
     order; or

   o Receipt of collected funds in the subscription account designated above.

Clearance of Uncertified Checks

   If you are paying by uncertified personal check, please note that
uncertified checks may take at least five business days to clear. If you wish
to pay the subscription price by uncertified personal check, iVillage urges
you to make payment sufficiently in advance of the time the rights expire to
ensure that your payment is received and cleared by that time. iVillage is not
responsible for any delay in payment by you and suggests that you use a
certified or cashier's check, money order or wire transfer of funds to avoid
missing the opportunity to exercise your rights.

Special Procedure under "Notice of Guaranteed Delivery" Form

    If you wish to exercise rights but cannot ensure that the subscription
agent will actually receive the executed subscription agreement before the
expiration of the rights, you may alternatively exercise rights by causing all
of the following to occur within the time prescribed:

   o Full payment must be received by the subscription agent prior to the
     expiration time for all rights you desire to exercise.

   o A properly executed Notice of Guaranteed Delivery substantially in the
     form distributed by iVillage with your subscription agreement must be
     received by the subscription agent at or prior to the expiration time.

   o The Notice of Guaranteed Delivery must be executed by both you and one of
     the following: a member firm of a registered national securities
     exchange, an NASD member, a commercial bank or trust company having an
     office or correspondent in the United States, or other eligible guarantor
     institution qualified under a guarantee program acceptable to the
     subscription agent. The co-signing institution must guarantee in the
     Notice of Guaranteed Delivery that the subscription agreement will be
     delivered to the subscription agent within three NYSE trading days after
     the date of the form. You must also provide in that form other relevant
     details concerning the intended exercise of rights.

   o The properly completed subscription agreement(s) with any required
     signature guarantee must be received by the subscription agent within
     three NYSE trading days following the date of the related Notice of
     Guaranteed Delivery.

   o If you are a nominee holder of rights, the "Nominee Holder Certification"
     must also accompany the Notice of Guaranteed Delivery.

   A Notice of Guaranteed Delivery may be delivered to the subscription agent
in the same manner as subscription agreements at the address set forth below
under "The Rights Offering- Delivery of Subscription Materials and Payment,"
or may be delivered by telegram or facsimile transmission (telecopier no.
(212) 616-7610). To confirm facsimile deliveries, please call (888) 509-5587.
Additional copies of the form of Notice of Guaranteed Delivery are available
upon request from the subscription agent.

Delivery of Subscription Materials and Payment

   You should deliver your subscription agreement and payment of the
subscription price to the subscription agent by one of the methods described
below:

   o If by mail, hand delivery or overnight courier to:

          Continental Stock Transfer and Trust Company
          2 Broadway
          New York, New York 10004
          Attention: Reorganization Department

   o You may call the subscription agent at (888) 509-5587.

   Your delivery to an address other than the address set forth above will not
constitute valid delivery.

Calculation of Rights Exercised

   If you do not indicate the number of rights being exercised, or do not
forward full payment of the subscription price payment for the number of
rights that you indicate are being exercised, then you will be deemed to have
exercised the maximum number of rights that may be exercised with the
aggregate subscription price payment you deliver to the subscription agent. If
your aggregate subscription price payment is greater than the amount you owe
iVillage for your subscription, iVillage will return the excess amount to you
by mail, without interest or deduction, as soon as practicable after the
rights offering is completed.

Your Funds Will be Held by the Subscription Agent Until Expiration of the
Subscription Period

   The subscription agent will hold your payment of the subscription price in a
segregated account with other payments received from other rights holders
until iVillage issues your stock certificates and warrants to you.

   If you exercise rights, you will have no rights as a stockholder of iVillage
until certificates representing shares you purchased are issued. Unless
otherwise instructed in your subscription agreement, shares and warrants
purchased by the exercise of rights will be registered in the name of the
person exercising the rights.

Signature Guarantee may be Required

   Your signature on the subscription agreement must be guaranteed by an
eligible institution, such as a member firm of a registered national
securities exchange or a member of the National Association of Securities
Dealers, Inc., or from a commercial bank or trust company having an office or
correspondent in the United States, subject to standards and procedures
adopted by the subscription agent, unless:

   o your subscription agreement provides that shares and warrants are to be
     delivered to you as record holder of those rights; or

   o you are an eligible institution.

Notice to Beneficial Holders

   If you are a broker, a trustee or a depositary for securities who holds
shares of Women.com's common stock for the account of others on the record
date, you should notify the beneficial owners of those shares of the rights
offering as soon as possible to find out their intentions with respect to
exercising their rights. You should obtain instructions from the beneficial
owners with respect to exercise of their rights, as set forth in the
instructions iVillage has provided to you for your distribution to beneficial
owners. If a beneficial owner so instructs, you should complete the
appropriate subscription agreement and submit it to the subscription agent
with the proper payment. If you hold shares of Women.com's common stock for
the account of more than one beneficial owner, you may exercise the number of
rights to which all beneficial owners in the aggregate otherwise would have
been entitled had they been direct record holders of Women.com's common stock
on the record date, if you, as a nominee record holder, make a proper showing
to the subscription agent by submitting the form entitled "Nominee Holder
Certification," which iVillage will provide to you with your offering
materials.

Beneficial Owners

   If you are a beneficial owner of shares of Women.com's common stock or will
receive your rights through a broker, custodian bank or other nominee,
iVillage will ask your broker, custodian bank or other nominee to notify you
of this rights offering. If you wish to exercise your rights, you will need to
have your broker, custodian bank or other nominee act for you. If you hold
certificates of Women.com's common stock directly and would prefer to have
your broker, custodian bank or other nominee exercise your rights, you should
contact your nominee and request it to effect the transactions for you. To
indicate your decision with respect to your rights, you should complete and
return to your broker, custodian bank or other nominee the form entitled
"Beneficial Owners Election Form," together with your payment of the
subscription price of the rights you wish to exercise. You should receive this
form from your broker, custodian bank or other nominee with the other offering
materials. If you wish to obtain a separate subscription agreement, you should
contact the nominee as soon as possible and request that a separate
subscription agreement be provided to you.

Instructions for Completing Your Notice of Exercise of Rights

   You should read and follow the instructions accompanying the subscription
agreement carefully. If you want to exercise your rights, you should send your
subscription agreement with your subscription price payment to the
subscription agent. Do not send your subscription agreement and subscription
price payment to iVillage.

   You are responsible for the method of delivery of your subscription
agreement with your subscription price payment to the subscription agent. If
you send your subscription agreement and subscription price payment by mail,
iVillage recommends that you send them by registered mail, properly insured,
with return receipt requested.

You should allow a sufficient number of days to ensure delivery to the
subscription agent before the time the rights expire. Because uncertified
personal checks may take at least five business days to clear, you are
strongly urged to pay, or arrange for payment, by means of certified or
cashier's check, money order or wire transfer of funds.

Determinations Regarding the Exercise of Your Rights

   iVillage will decide all questions concerning the timeliness, validity, form
and eligibility of your exercise of your rights and iVillage's determinations
will be final and binding. iVillage, in its sole discretion, may waive any
defect or irregularity, or permit a defect or irregularity to be corrected
within such time as iVillage may determine. iVillage may reject the exercise
of any of your rights because of any defect or irregularity. iVillage will not
receive or accept any subscription until all irregularities have been waived
by iVillage or cured by you within such time as iVillage decides, in its sole
discretion.

   Neither iVillage nor the subscription agent will be under any duty to notify
you of any defect or irregularity in connection with your submission of a
subscription agreement and iVillage will not be liable for any failure to
notify you of any defect or irregularity. iVillage reserves the right to
reject your exercise of rights if your exercise is not in accordance with the
terms of the offering or in proper form. iVillage will also not accept your
exercise of rights if iVillage's issuance of shares of iVillage's common stock
to you could be deemed unlawful under applicable law.

Expenses; Subscription Agent

   iVillage has appointed Continental Stock Transfer and Trust Company as
subscription agent for the rights offering. iVillage will pay its fees and
other expenses related to the rights offering up to $100,000. Any fees related
to the rights offering in excess of $100,000, will be paid by Hearst
Communications. iVillage also has agreed to indemnify the subscription agent
for some of the liabilities that it may incur in connection with the rights
offering.

No Revocation

   Once you have exercised your rights, you may not revoke your exercise.
Rights not exercised before the expiration date of the rights will expire.

Procedures for DTC Participants

   iVillage expects that rights will be eligible for transfer through, and that
your exercise of your rights may be made through, the facilities of the
Depository Trust Company, or "DTC". If your rights are held of record through
DTC, you may exercise your rights by instructing DTC to transfer your rights
from your account to the account of the subscription agent, together with
certification as to the aggregate number of rights you are exercising, if any,
and your subscription price payment for the rights you elect to exercise.

Extensions and Termination

   iVillage may extend the offering and the period for exercising your rights,
in iVillage's sole discretion. If the merger is not consummated, iVillage will
terminate the rights offering in its entirety and refund all funds received
from the exercise of rights, as described under "The Rights Offering -
Conditions to the Offering." With the prior consent of Hearst Communications,
iVillage may withdraw or amend this rights offering. Subject to the foregoing,
iVillage reserves the right to withdraw the rights offering at any time prior
to the expiration date and for any reason, in which event all funds received
in the rights offering will be returned to those persons who subscribed for
shares in the rights offering.

No Recommendation to Holders of Rights or Others

   Neither iVillage's board of directors nor Women.com's board of directors is
making any recommendations as to whether or not you should exercise your
rights. You should decide whether to subscribe for your rights based upon your
own assessment of your best interests in consultation with your legal and
financial advisors.

Foreign and Other Stockholders

   A subscription agreement will be mailed to rights holders whose addresses
are outside the United States or who have an Army Post Office or Fleet Post
Office address. To exercise those rights, you must notify the subscription
agent, and take all other steps that are necessary to exercise your rights on
or before the expiration date of the rights. If the procedures set forth in
the preceding sentence are not followed before the expiration date your rights
will expire.

Regulatory Limitation

   iVillage will not be required to issue to you shares of iVillage's common
stock or a warrant to purchase common stock pursuant to the rights offering
if, in iVillage's opinion, you would be required to obtain prior clearance or
approval from any state or federal regulatory authorities to own or control
the shares and if, at the time the rights expire, you have not obtained that
clearance or approval.

Issuance of Common Stock and Warrants

   The subscription agent will issue to you certificates representing shares of
iVillage's common stock and the warrants you purchase under the rights
offering as soon as practicable after the time the rights expire. Your payment
of the aggregate subscription price will be retained by the subscription agent
and will not be delivered to iVillage until your subscription is accepted and
you are issued your stock certificates and warrants. iVillage will not pay you
any interest on funds paid to the subscription agent, regardless of whether
the funds are applied to the subscription price or returned to you. You will
have no rights as a stockholder of iVillage, with respect to shares of
iVillage's common stock subscribed for, until certificates representing the
shares are issued to you. Upon iVillage's issuance of the certificates, you
will be deemed the owner of the shares you purchased by exercise of your
rights. Unless otherwise instructed in the subscription agreement, your
certificates for shares and the warrants issued pursuant to your exercise of
rights will be registered in your name.

   If the offering is not completed for any reason, the subscription agent will
promptly return, without interest, all funds received by it. iVillage will
retain any interest earned on the funds held by the subscription agent.

Compliance with State Regulations Pertaining to the Rights Offering

   iVillage is not making the offering in any state or other jurisdiction in
which it is unlawful to do so. iVillage will not sell or accept an offer to
purchase its securities from you if you are a resident of any state or other
jurisdiction in which the sale or offer of the rights would be unlawful.
iVillage may delay the commencement of the offering in certain states or other
jurisdictions to comply with their laws. iVillage does not expect that there
will be any changes in the terms of the offering. However, iVillage may
decide, in its sole discretion, not to modify the terms of the offering as may
be requested by certain states or other jurisdictions. If that happens and you
are a resident of the state or jurisdiction that requests the modification,
you will not be eligible to participate in the offering.

No Adjustment to Outstanding Stock Options or Other Stock Awards

   Women.com will not, solely as a result of the rights offering, adjust the
number of shares of common stock reserved for issuance under its stock award
plans for employees and other eligible participants or the number of shares
subject to outstanding awards of stock options or awards of restricted stock.

Certain Federal Income Tax Consequences

   The following are the material United States federal income tax consequences
of the rights offering, assuming that you are a United States person that will
hold your rights and the shares of iVillage common stock received on exercise
thereof as capital assets. The following discussion is based on and subject to
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, its legislative history, applicable
Treasury regulations, administrative rulings and court decisions currently in
effect, all of which are subject to change at any time, possibly with
retroactive effect. This discussion does not address all aspects of United
States federal income taxation that may be important to you in light of your
particular circumstances, or if you are subject to special rules.

   Holders should consult their own tax advisors concerning their own
respective tax situations or special tax considerations that may apply to
them, including, without limitation, state and local laws that may apply.

   Distribution of Rights. The distribution of the rights to the owners of
Women.com common stock should be treated as additional consideration received
in the merger in an amount equal to the fair market value of the rights on the
date of distribution. See "Material Federal Income Tax Consequences of the
Merger" for a discussion of the federal income tax consequences of the merger.
Based upon its advisors, iVillage will treat the right to purchase [____] of a
share of iVillage common stock as having a value equal to $_______ and the
warrant to purchase [____] of a share of iVillage common stock as having a
value equal to $______, both as of February __, 2001. There can be no
assurance that the IRS will not assert a different value and whether the IRS
would be successful in such assertion.

   Exercise of the Rights and Basis and Holding Period of the Common Stock.
Holders of rights will not recognize any gain or loss upon the exercise of the
rights. The basis of the shares acquired through the exercise of the rights
will be equal to the sum of the subscription price for rights exercised and
the fair market value of the applicable rights on the date of distribution.
The holding period for the shares acquired through exercise of the rights will
begin on the day after the rights are exercised.

   Sales of Shares. An owner of shares will recognize gain or loss upon the
sale of shares acquired by exercise of rights in an amount equal to the
difference between the amount realized and the stockholder's basis in the
shares. The gain or loss so recognized generally will be capital gain or loss
and will be long-term capital gain or loss if the shares have been held for
more than one year.

   Lapse of the Rights. You will generally recognize a loss equal to your tax
basis in the rights, if such rights expire unexercised. Any loss recognized on
the expiration of the rights generally will be a capital loss. The
deductibility of capital losses are restricted and, in general, may only be
used to reduce capital gains to the extent thereof. However, individual
taxpayers generally may deduct annually $3,000 of capital losses in excess of
their capital gains.

                     USE OF PROCEEDS OF THE RIGHTS OFFERING

   iVillage currently estimates that the net proceeds it will receive from the
sale of the 9,324,000 shares of iVillage common stock and warrants to purchase
2,100,000 shares of iVillage common stock in connection with the rights
offering will be approximately $19.9 million, assuming the rights offering is
fully subscribed. iVillage expects to use the net proceeds from the rights
offering for working capital and general capital purposes, including possible
acquisitions. iVillage may use a portion of the net proceeds to acquire or
invest in complementary businesses, technologies, services or products.
iVillage is not currently a party to any contracts or letters of intent with
respect to any acquisition other than those relating to the proposed merger
with Women.com. Pending use of the net proceeds of the rights offering,
iVillage intends to invest the net proceeds in short-term, interest-bearing,
investment-grade securities.

                  PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION OF THE RIGHTS OFFERING

   The rights are being offered by iVillage to the holders of Women.com common
stock as of the record date. No underwriters, brokers or dealers will be used
to offer the rights and no fee or sales commission will be charged by iVillage
in connection with the issuance of the rights or the common stock or warrants
associated with the rights.

   Pursuant to the terms of a securities purchase agreement dated as of
February 5, 2001 and amended and restated on February 22, 2001 between
iVillage and Hearst Communications, Hearst Communications has agreed to pay
all fees and expenses associated with the rights offering in excess of
$100,000. The first $100,000 of fees and expenses of the rights offering will
be borne by iVillage.

   Hearst Communications has agreed to acquire all shares of iVillage common
stock and all warrants associated with the rights offering that are not
subscribed for by the other Women.com stockholders.

   The rights will not be listed for trading on any exchange. Shares of common
stock issuable upon exercise of the rights or upon exercise of the warrants
associated with the rights will be listed on the Nasdaq Stock Market.

                                    DILUTION

   iVillage's pro forma net tangible book value as of December 31, 2000 was
approximately $94.6 million, or approximately $2.11 per share of common stock.
Pro forma "net tangible book value" per share represents the amount of
iVillage's total tangible assets less total tangible liabilities, divided by the
pro forma number of shares of common stock outstanding after giving effect to
the acquisition of Women.com. After giving effect to the sale of the common
stock offered by iVillage pursuant to the rights offering at an assumed public
offering price of $2.15 per share, and after deducting the offering expenses
payable by iVillage, iVillage's pro forma net tangible book value, as adjusted,
as of December 31, 2000 would have been approximately $114.5 million, or $2.11
per share of common stock. This represents no immediate increase in net tangible
book value per share to iVillage's existing stockholders and an immediate
dilution in net tangible book value of $0.04 per share to new investors of
common stock in the rights offering. The following table illustrates this per
share dilution:

      Assumed public offering price of iVillage common stock(1)            $2.15
      Pro forma net tangible book value per share prior to the
      rights offering..........................................    $2.11
      Increase per share attributable to the rights offering...     0.00
      Adjusted pro forma net tangible book value per share
      after the rights
       offering................................................             2.11
      Dilution per share to new investors......................            $0.04
                                                                           =====

- ---------------

(1) Assumes no value attributed and no shares issued in connection with the
    warrants to be issued as part of the rights offering.

          iVILLAGE AND WOMEN.COM MARKET PRICE AND DIVIDEND INFORMATION

   The following table shows the high and low closing prices for shares of
iVillage common stock and for shares of Women.com common stock for the periods
shown in the table. iVillage has not declared any cash dividend since the
completion of its initial public offering in March 1999 and Women.com has not
declared any cash dividend since the completion of its initial public offering
in October 1999.

   Since March 19, 1999, shares of iVillage common stock have been listed and
traded on the Nasdaq National Market under the symbol "IVIL." Since October
15, 1999, shares of Women.com common stock have been listed and traded on the
Nasdaq National Market under the symbol "WOMN." The prices are as reported on
the Nasdaq National Market. As of February 27, 2000, iVillage had ____ holders
of record of its common stock. and Women.com had approximately ___ holders of
record of its common stock.

                                                          iVillage(1)        Women.com(2)
                                                        ----------------    ---------------
      Calendar Year                                      High      Low      High      Low
       -----------------------                         -------    ------   ------    ------

       First quarter ...............................   $104.63    $70.75      N/A       N/A
       Second quarter ..............................   $113.75    $33.38      N/A       N/A
       Third quarter ...............................   $ 62.75    $28.06      N/A       N/A
       Fourth quarter ..............................   $ 34.50    $20.25   $23.38    $12.25

       First quarter ...............................   $ 26.11    $13.56   $16.38    $ 7.75
       Second quarter ..............................   $ 13.63    $ 6.22   $ 8.25    $ 1.75
       Third quarter ...............................   $  8.94    $ 3.06   $ 5.75    $ 2.38
       Fourth quarter ..............................   $  3.63    $ 0.66   $ 2.63    $ 0.13

       First quarter (through February 27, 2001) ...   $          $        $         $

- ---------------

(1) Prices in first quarter of 1999 from March 19, 1999.

(2) Prices in fourth quarter of 1999 from October 15, 1999.

   On February 5, 2001, the last full trading day before iVillage and Women.com
announced the proposed merger, shares of iVillage common stock closed at $1.71
per share, and shares of Women.com common stock closed at $0.72 per share. On
February __, 2001, the most recent practicable date before the date of this
joint proxy statement/prospectus shares of iVillage common stock closed at
$_____ per share and shares of Women.com common stock closed at $____ per
share. Because the exchange ratio for the merger does not depend on and is not
affected by market prices, and the market price of shares of iVillage common
stock is subject to fluctuation, the market value of shares of iVillage common
stock that Women.com's stockholders will receive in connection with the merger
may increase or decrease before or after the proposed merger. Stockholders are
encouraged to obtain recent stock quotes for shares of iVillage and Women.com
common stock.

   On December 28, 2001, Women.com received a letter from the Nasdaq Stock
Market, Inc. stating that Women.com had failed to maintain a minimum per share
bid price of $1.00 over the last 30 consecutive trading days, which is required
for continued listing on the Nasdaq National Market. According to this letter,
unless Women.com is in compliance with the continued listing requirements by
achieving a minimum per share bid price of $1.00 by March 28, 2001, Women.com's
common stock will be subject to delisting. On February 27, 2001, the common
stock of Women.com had a minimum bid price of $___.

   iVillage intends to file an application with the Nasdaq National Market to
list the shares of iVillage common stock that Women.com stockholders will
receive in the merger.

   Following completion of the merger, shares of iVillage common stock will
trade on the Nasdaq National Market under the symbol "IVIL."

   In the merger agreement, Women.com has agreed that prior to the effective
time of the merger or when the merger agreement is terminated, Women.com will
not declare or pay any dividend or other distribution, except for dividends by
a wholly owned subsidiary of Women.com to Women.com or another wholly owned
subsidiary of Women.com.

                     DESCRIPTION OF iVILLAGE CAPITAL STOCK

   iVillage's amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes the
issuance of up to 65,000,000 shares of iVillage common stock, par value $0.01
per share, and 5,000,000 shares of iVillage preferred stock, par value $0.01
per share, issuable in series. As of February 5, 2001, 29,706,770 shares of
common stock were outstanding and no shares of preferred stock were
outstanding. As of February 5, 2001, 35,293,230 shares of common stock were
held in the treasury of iVillage, 8,055,049 options were outstanding pursuant
to iVillage's stock plans and 1,597,056 shares of iVillage common stock
remained unissued but authorized for issuance under iVillage's stock plans. At
the iVillage special meeting, iVillage stockholders will consider a proposal
to increase the number of authorized shares of common stock from 65,000,000 to
200,000,000.

   The following is a summary of some of the provisions of iVillage's amended
and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws. Copies of these
documents are filed as exhibits to the registration statement of which this
joint proxy statement/prospectus forms a part and are incorporated into this
joint proxy statement/prospectus by reference. This summary is qualified in
its entirety by iVillage's amended and restated certificate of incorporation
and bylaws. For information on how to obtain a copy of iVillage's amended and
restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws, see "Where You Can Find More
Information" beginning on page 145.

iVillage Common Stock

   Each holder of shares of iVillage common stock is entitled to one vote per
share with respect to all matters to be voted on by the stockholders and there
are no cumulative voting rights. Holders of shares of iVillage common stock
have no preemptive rights to purchase or subscribe for iVillage's securities,
and the shares of iVillage common stock is not convertible or subject to
redemption by iVillage. Subject to preferences that may be applicable to any
preferred shares outstanding at the time, holders of shares of common stock
are entitled to dividends that may be declared by iVillage's board of
directors from time to time out of funds legally available for dividends. In
the event of the liquidation of iVillage, holders of shares of iVillage common
stock would share pro rata in any assets that remain after payment of debts
and satisfaction of any liquidation preference on any outstanding iVillage
preferred shares. All outstanding shares are fully paid and nonassessable.

   Continental Stock Transfer and Trust Company is the registrar and transfer
agent for the shares of iVillage common stock.

iVillage Preferred Shares

   iVillage's board of directors, without further action by the stockholders,
is authorized to issue up to 5,000,000 preferred shares in one or more series
and to fix and determine as to any series all the relative rights and
preferences of shares in that series, including:

   o dividend rights;

   o preferences, limitations or relative rights with respect to redemption
     rights;

   o preferences on liquidation;

   o conversion rights;

   o voting rights; and

   o limitations on issuance of additional shares.

   Issuance of preferred shares, while providing desirable flexibility in
connection with possible acquisitions and other corporate purposes, could have
the effect of making it more difficult for a third party to acquire, or of
discouraging a third party from attempting to acquire a majority of the
outstanding voting stock of iVillage. iVillage has no present plans to issue
any preferred shares.

Warrants

   As of December 31, 2000, iVillage had outstanding warrants to purchase
945,536 shares of common stock at a weighted average exercise price of $13.24
per share. On January 1, 2001, 323,625 warrants with an exercise price of
$15.45 expired.

   In connection with the proposed merger with Women.com and pursuant to the
terms of an amended and restated securities purchase agreement between
iVillage and Hearst Communications, if the merger is completed iVillage will
issue one or more warrants to purchase up to 2,100,000 shares of iVillage
common stock. For additional information regarding the terms of these
warrants, see "Agreements Between Hearst Communications and iVillage - The
Securities Purchase Agreement."

Special Meetings

   Special meetings of iVillage's stockholders may be called by the iVillage
board of directors, the chairman of the board, the chief executive officer or
by stockholders holding at least 10% of the voting power of the corporation.

Voting

   Holders of shares of iVillage common stock are entitled to cast one vote per
share on matters submitted to a vote of stockholders and do not have
cumulative voting rights. Any director may be removed, with or without cause,
by a vote of the holders of a majority of the shares then entitled to vote at
an election of directors. Because the shares of iVillage common stock do not
have cumulative voting rights, the holders of more than 50% of the shares may,
if they choose to do so, elect all of the directors, and the holders of the
remaining shares will not be able to elect any directors.

   iVillage's bylaws provide that stockholders who wish to nominate directors
or to bring business before a stockholders' meeting must notify iVillage and
provide specified pertinent information at least 120 days before the meeting
date specified in the corporation's proxy statement released to stockholders
in connection with the previous year's annual meeting. If no special meeting
was held in the previous year or the date of the annual meeting has been
changed by more than 30 days from the date specified in the proxy statement,
the stockholder must give notice within a reasonable time before the
solicitation is made.

Business Combination Law

   Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law prohibits a corporation
from engaging in a "business combination" with any interested stockholder for
a period of three years following the time that such stockholder became an
interested stockholder, unless:

   o prior to the time the stockholder became an interested stockholder, the
     board of directors of the corporation approved the business combination
     or the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an
     interested stockholder;

   o upon completion of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder
     becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at
     least 85% of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time
     the transaction commenced, subject to specified adjustments; or

   o on or after the date of the business combination, the board of directors
     and the holders of at least 66 2/3% of the outstanding voting stock not
     owned by the interested stockholder approve the business combination.

   Delaware law defines a "business combination" generally as:

   o a merger or consolidation with the interested stockholder or with any
     other corporation or other entity if the merger or consolidation is
     caused by the interested stockholder;

   o a sale or other disposition to or with the interested stockholder of
     assets with an aggregate market value equal to 10% or more of either the
     aggregate market value of all assets of the corporation or the aggregate
     market value of all of the outstanding stock of the corporation;

   o with some exceptions, any transaction resulting in the issuance or
     transfer by the corporation or any majority-owned subsidiary of any stock
     of the corporation or subsidiary to the interested stockholder;

   o any transaction involving the corporation or a majority-owned subsidiary
     that has the effect of increasing the proportionate share of the stock of
     the corporation or subsidiary owned by the interested stockholder; or

   o any receipt by the interested stockholder of the benefit of any loans or
     other financial benefits provided by the corporation or any majority-
     owned subsidiary.

Limitation of Director Liability and Indemnification Arrangements

   iVillage's certificate of incorporation contains a provision that limits the
liability of its directors to the fullest extent permitted by the Delaware
General Corporation Law. The provision eliminates the personal liability of
directors to iVillage and iVillage's stockholders for monetary damages for
breach of directors' fiduciary duty of care. The provision does not change the
liability of a director for:

   o breach of the duty of loyalty to iVillage or to its stockholders;

   o acts or omissions not in good faith or that involve intentional
     misconduct or a knowing violation of law;

   o an unlawful payment of dividend or unlawful stock purchase or redemption
     covered by Section 174 of the Delaware General Corporation Law; or

   o any transaction from which a director received an improper personal
     benefit.

   Under the certificate of incorporation, the liability of directors will be
further limited or eliminated without action by stockholders if Delaware law
is amended to further limit or eliminate the personal liability of directors.

   iVillage's bylaws provide for the indemnification of its officers and
directors, and the advancement to them of expenses in connection with
proceedings and claims, to the fullest extent permitted by the Delaware
General Corporation Law. iVillage has also entered into indemnification
agreements with certain of its officers and directors containing provisions
which may require iVillage, among other things, to indemnify its officers and
directors against certain liabilities that may arise by reason of their status
or service as officers or directors, other than liabilities arising from
willful misconduct of a culpable nature, and to advance their expenses
incurred as a result of any proceeding against them as to which they could be
indemnified. Certain of such liabilities may not be covered by insurance.

   Under iVillage's bylaws, it has the power to purchase and maintain insurance
on behalf of any person who is or was one of its directors, officers,
employees or agents, against any liability asserted against the person or
incurred by him or her in one of these roles, whether or not iVillage would
have the power to indemnify the person against the claim under the provisions
of the Delaware General Corporation Law. iVillage has purchased director and
officer liability insurance on behalf of its directors and officers.

Registration Rights Agreements

   iVillage is party to an amended and restated registration rights agreement,
under which the holders of 40% of the outstanding shares of common stock held
by parties to that agreement (except for founders of iVillage), including
shares issuable upon the exercise of warrants to purchase common stock, are
entitled to demand that iVillage file a registration statement with respect to
the registration of such shares under the Securities Act. iVillage is not
required to effect:

   o more than four registrations;

   o a registration during any period in which any other registration
     statement (other than on Form S-4 or Form S-8 or any successor forms) has
     been filed or has been declared effective within the prior 180 days;

   o a registration unless the anticipated aggregate offering proceeds, net of
     underwriting discounts and commissions, are expected to exceed $5.0
     million;

   o a registration within 120 days following the determination of the board
     of directors of iVillage to file a registration statement in which
     holders may exercise their piggyback registration rights; or

   o a registration for a period not to exceed 120 days, if the board of
     directors of iVillage has made a good faith determination that it would
     be seriously detrimental to iVillage or the holders of registration
     rights for a registration statement to be filed.

   In addition, one stockholder is entitled to one separate demand registration
right with respect to the registration of its shares of common stock under the
Securities Act, subject to the limitations set forth above. Furthermore,
according to the terms of the registration rights agreement the holders of
shares of common stock that are a party to the agreement, including shares
issuable upon the exercise of warrants to purchase common stock, are entitled
to piggyback registration rights in connection with any registration by
iVillage of its securities for its own account or the account of other
security holders.

   At any time after iVillage becomes eligible to file a registration statement
on Form S-3, certain holders of demand registration rights may require
iVillage to file an unlimited number of registration statements on Form S-3
under the Securities Act with respect to their shares of common stock.
iVillage is not required to effect more than one such registration in any six-
month period. The registration rights granted under such registration rights
agreement terminate with respect to any holder of registrable securities when
the provisions of Rule 144(k) are applicable to such holder's registrable
securities.

   The amended and restated registration rights agreement was amended on July
23, 1999 to provide that the holders of registrable shares thereunder do not
have piggyback registration rights with respect to registrations of  shares of
iVillage common stock on a registration statement on Form S-4 or Form S-8 in
connection with an exchange offer or offering solely to iVillage's security
holders, or on Form S-1 or Form S-3, in connection with iVillage's acquisition
of Lamaze Publishing, Inc.

   iVillage has also granted piggyback registration rights to the former OnLine
Psych, Code Stone  and iBaby stockholders with respect to shares of iVillage
common stock issued to such stockholders in connection with iVillage's
acquisition of OnLine Psych, Code Stone and iBaby, pursuant to registration
rights agreements and subject to the piggyback registration rights of
iVillage's existing holders of registrable shares. The registration rights
granted under such registration rights agreements terminate with respect to
any holder of registrable securities when the provisions of Rule 144(k) are
applicable to such holder's registrable securities.

   iVillage is generally required to bear all of the expenses of all
registrations under the registration rights agreements, except underwriting
discounts and commissions. The registration rights agreements also contain a
commitment of iVillage to indemnify the holders of registration rights.

                COMPARISON OF THE RIGHTS OF HOLDERS OF WOMEN.COM
                     COMMON STOCK AND iVILLAGE COMMON STOCK

   As a result of the merger, Women.com stockholders will become holders of
shares of iVillage common stock. Both Women.com and iVillage are Delaware
corporations. The rights of Women.com stockholders are currently governed by
the Women.com charter, the Women.com bylaws and the laws of Delaware.
Following the merger, the rights of all former holders of shares of Women.com
common stock will be governed by the iVillage charter, the iVillage bylaws and
the laws of Delaware.

   The following is a summary comparison of some material differences between
the rights of holders of shares of Women.com common stock and holders of
shares of iVillage common stock. Differences arise from the charter and bylaws
of the two companies. This summary is qualified by reference to the charter
and bylaws of the two companies. For information on how to obtain a copy of
the charter and bylaws of the two companies, see "Where You Can Find More
Information" beginning on page 145.

Authorized Capital Stock

   The total number of authorized shares of capital stock of Women.com is
200,000,000, consisting of 195,000,000 shares of Women.com common stock, par
value $0.001 per share, and 5,000,000 Women.com preferred shares, par value
$0.001 per share. The total number of authorized shares of capital stock of
iVillage is 70,000,000, consisting of 65,000,000 shares of iVillage common
stock, par value $0.01 per share, and 5,000,000 iVillage preferred shares, par
value $0.01 per share. The iVillage board is submitting to a vote of the
iVillage stockholders at the iVillage special meeting a proposal to amend
iVillage's amended and restated certificate of incorporation to increase the
number of authorized shares of iVillage common stock from 65,000,000 shares to
200,000,000 shares. See "iVillage's Proposal to Increase Its Authorized
Capital Stock" beginning on page 144 for additional information regarding this
proposal.

Number of Directors; Classified Board; Removal; Vacancies

   Delaware law permits the charter or the bylaws of a corporation to govern
the number and terms of directors. If the number of directors is fixed in the
charter, a change in the number of directors may not be made without amending
the charter. The Women.com charter provides that the number of directors will
be fixed exclusively by one or more resolutions adopted by the board of
directors and further provides that any amendment to the bylaws relating to an
increase or decrease in the authorized number of directors will require
approval by the majority of the board or by at least 66 2/3% of the
stockholders then entitled to vote if the amendment is made by the
stockholders. The iVillage bylaws provide that the number of directors will be
specified in the bylaws and further provides that any amendment to the bylaws
relating to an increase or decrease in the authorized number of directors will
require approval by at least 66 2/3% of the stockholders then entitled to vote
if the amendment is made by the stockholders. The Women.com bylaws currently
provide for a classified board. The Women.com board currently consists of
eight members. The iVillage bylaws currently provide for a classified board
and that the board of directors will consist of nine members until iVillage
amends its bylaws to authorize ten members as required by the stockholder
agreement.

   Delaware law permits the charter or bylaws of a corporation to provide that
directors be divided into up to three classes, with the term of office of each
class of directors expiring in successive years. Both the Women.com charter
and the iVillage bylaws provide that the board of directors will be divided
into three classes, with each class elected for a term of three years.

   Under Delaware law, except in the case of a corporation with a classified
board or with cumulative voting, the holders of a majority of the shares
entitled to vote at any election of directors may remove any director or the
entire board, with or without cause. The Women.com charter provides for a
classified board and the charter and bylaws provide that, unless the entire
board is removed, no director may be removed when the votes cast against the
director's removal would be sufficient to elect that director if voted
cumulatively at an election. The iVillage bylaws provide that, if and so long
as the stockholders are entitled to cumulative voting, unless the entire board
is removed, no director may be removed when the votes cast against the
director's removal would be sufficient to

elect that director if voted cumulatively at an election. Because iVillage
stockholders are not currently entitled to cumulative voting, this limitation
on the removal of directors does not apply.

   Under Delaware law, a majority of the directors then in office may fill
vacancies and newly created directorships. In some cases of vacancies of a
majority of the board, stockholders may petition a court to fill vacancies.
The Women.com charter provides that any vacancy should be filled by majority
vote of the directors then in office. If at the time of the vacancy the number
of directors then in office constitutes less than a majority of the whole
board, any stockholder or stockholders holding at least 10% of Women.com's
shares may apply to the Delaware Court of Chancery to order an election. The
iVillage bylaws provide that vacancies resulting from an increase in the
authorized number of directors may be filled by a majority of the directors
then in office, although less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director.
The iVillage bylaws also provide that vacancies not resulting from an increase
in the authorized number of directors may be filled by a majority vote of the
remaining directors of the class in which the vacancy occurs.

Charter Amendments

   Under Delaware law, the charter of a Delaware corporation may be amended by
approval of the board of directors of the corporation and the affirmative vote
of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote for
the amendment, unless the charter requires the vote of a greater number of
shares. In addition, Delaware law provides that each class or series of stock
affected, even if that class or series would not otherwise have these rights,
must approve by a majority vote amendments that make changes relating to that
class or series by increasing or decreasing the par value or the aggregate
number of authorized shares of that class or series, or otherwise adversely
affecting the rights of that class or series.

   Women.com's charter provides that it may be amended in accordance with and
as prescribed by Delaware law. However, the charter specially provides that
any amendment to the provisions of the charter regarding number,
classification and terms of directors, liability of directors and amendment of
the charter will require an affirmative vote of at least 66 2/3% of the shares
then entitled to vote on that amendment.

   iVillage's charter provides that it may be amended in accordance with and as
prescribed by Delaware law. However, the charter specially provides that any
amendment to the provisions of the charter regarding cumulative voting will
require an affirmative vote of at least 66 2/3% of the shares then entitled to
vote on that amendment.

Bylaw Amendments

   Under Delaware law, the stockholders may adopt, amend or repeal the bylaws.
A corporation's charter may also grant this power to the board of directors.
However, if the power to adopt, amend and repeal the bylaws is granted to the
directors, the stockholders still hold the power to adopt, amend or repeal the
bylaws. The Women.com charter and the iVillage charter grant the boards
concurrent power with the stockholders to adopt, amend or repeal the Women.com
and iVillage bylaws, respectively.

Advance Notice of Director Nominations and New Business

   The Women.com bylaws provide that a stockholder who wishes to bring business
before the annual meeting must provide notice to the corporation no earlier
than 90 days and no later than 60 days before the date of the meeting. If
Women.com announces the meeting fewer than 70 days before the date of the
meeting, then the stockholder must provide notice within 10 days of the public
announcement of the meeting. iVillage's bylaws provide that stockholders who
wish to nominate directors or to bring business before a stockholders' meeting
must notify iVillage and provide pertinent information at least 120 days
before the meeting date specified in the corporation's proxy statement
released to stockholders in connection with the previous year's annual
meeting. If no annual meeting was held in the previous year or the date of the
annual meeting has been changed by more than 30 days from the date specified
in the proxy statement, then notice must be provided within a reasonable time
before the solicitation is made.

Special Meetings of Stockholders

   Delaware law provides that the board of directors or any person authorized
in the corporation's charter or bylaws may call a special meeting of
stockholders. The Women.com bylaws provide that a special meeting of the

stockholders for any purpose may be called by the chairman of the board, the
chief executive officer or the board or directors. The iVillage bylaws provide
that a special meeting of the stockholders may be called at any time by the
board of directors, the chairman of the board, the chief executive officer or
by stockholders holding at least 10% of the voting power of the corporation.

Stockholder Action Without a Meeting

   Under Delaware law, unless the charter provides otherwise, stockholders may
take any action without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if
the holders of outstanding stock, having not less than the minimum number of
votes that would be necessary to authorize that action at a meeting at which
all shares entitled to vote on the matter were present and voted, sign a
written consent setting forth the action taken. The Women.com charter provides
that no action shall be taken by the stockholders by written consent. The
iVillage charter provides that no action shall be taken by the stockholders of
the corporation except at an annual or special meeting of the stockholders
called in accordance with the bylaws and no action shall be taken by the
stockholders by written consent.

Indemnification of Directors and Officers

   Under Delaware law, a corporation is permitted to provide indemnification or
advancement of expenses against judgments, fines, expenses and amounts paid in
settlement actually and reasonably incurred by the person in connection with a
proceeding if he acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to
be in or not opposed to the best interest of the corporation and, with respect
to any criminal action or proceeding, if he had no reasonable cause to believe
his conduct was unlawful. However, no indemnification is permitted if the
person is adjudged to be liable to the corporation, unless the Court of
Chancery determines that the person is entitled to indemnity. Both the
Women.com bylaws and the iVillage bylaws provide that the corporation will
indemnify directors and officers to the full extent permitted by Delaware law
and will advance expenses incurred by an officer or director entitled to
indemnification.

Limitation of Personal Liability of Directors and Officers

   Delaware law provides that a corporation's charter may include a provision
limiting the personal liability of a director to the corporation or its
stockholders for monetary damages for breach of a fiduciary duty as a
director. However, Delaware law does not provide for the limitation of
liability of a director for: any breach of the director's duty of loyalty to
the corporation or its stockholders, acts or omissions not in good faith or
that involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of the law, paying
a dividend or approving a stock repurchase that was illegal under applicable
law, or any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal
benefit. Both the Women.com charter and the iVillage charter eliminate the
monetary liability of directors to the fullest extent permitted by law.

Preemptive Rights

   Under Delaware law, a stockholder does not have preemptive rights unless the
corporation's charter specifically grants those rights. Neither the Women.com
charter nor the iVillage charter grants preemptive rights to stockholders.

Payment of Dividends; Repurchases and Redemptions

   Under Delaware law, a board of directors may authorize a corporation to make
distributions to its stockholders, subject to any restrictions in its charter,
either out of surplus or, if there is no surplus, out of net profits for the
fiscal year in which the board declares the dividend and/or the preceding
fiscal year. Delaware law does not permit distributions out of net profits,
however, if, following the distribution, the corporation's capital is less
than the aggregate amount of capital represented by the issued and outstanding
stock of all classes having a preference upon the distribution of assets. The
Women.com bylaws provide that dividends may be declared by the board of
directors pursuant to Delaware law at any regular or special meeting. The
Women.com bylaws also provide that the board of directors may set aside a
dividend reserve before payment of a dividend. The iVillage charter and bylaws
do not contain provisions regarding the payment of dividends.

          iVILLAGE'S PROPOSAL TO INCREASE ITS AUTHORIZED CAPITAL STOCK

   Of the currently authorized 65,000,000 shares of common stock, as of
February 5, 2001, 29,706,770 shares of common stock were issued and
outstanding, 35,293,230 shares of common stock were held in the treasury of
iVillage, 9,652,105 shares of common stock were reserved for issuance under
the terms of iVillage's stock option plans and upon exercise of outstanding
stock options and 621,911 shares were reserved for issuance upon exercise of
outstanding warrants.

   The iVillage board of directors has unanimously approved an amendment to the
iVillage amended and restated certificate of incorporation, subject to
stockholder approval at this meeting, and recommends that iVillage
stockholders approve and adopt the amendment. The board of directors believes
it is desirable to increase the total number of shares of common stock that
iVillage is authorized to issue from 65,000,000 to 200,000,000 in order to
have a substantial number of authorized shares available for issuance in
connection with the merger and related transactions and from time to time
without further stockholder approval (except as described below) in connection
with future distributions to stockholders (including stock splits),
acquisitions, financings, stock options or other employee benefits and other
corporate opportunities that may present themselves in the future. Having such
additional authorized shares available for issuance in the future would give
iVillage greater flexibility and allow shares of common stock to be issued
without the expense and delay of stockholder action at a special meeting of
stockholders unless such action is required by applicable law or the rules of
the Nasdaq Stock Market or any stock exchange on which the common stock may
then be listed.

   If the proposed amendment is approved, one effect would be that the board of
directors would have the authority, subject to the limitations set forth
above, to issue additional shares of common stock that would dilute the voting
power of outstanding shares, and thereby possibly impede a proposed tender
offer or other attempt by a third party to gain control of iVillage without
the approval of the board of directors. A portion of such additional shares
could, for example, be privately placed with purchasers who might side with
the board of directors in opposing a hostile takeover bid. Thus, a future
transaction which some, or even a majority, of the holders of common stock
might deem to be in their best interest, or in which such holders might have
the opportunity to receive a premium for their shares over the then market
price, might be impeded. As of the date hereof, iVillage is not aware of any
proposed tender offer or other attempt to take control of iVillage and has no
plans, understandings, agreements or arrangements concerning the issuance of
additional shares of common stock not previously authorized for issuance by
the board of directors (such as the transactions contemplated by the merger
agreement and related agreements).

   The iVillage board of directors unanimously believes that the amendment of
the iVillage amended and restated certificate of incorporation is in the best
interest of iVillage and its stockholders. The board therefore unanimously
recommends that stockholders vote for approval of the amendment to iVillage's
amended and restated certificate of incorporation.

   Under Delaware law and iVillage's amended and restated certificate of
incorporation and by-laws, adoption of the proposed amendment requires the
affirmative vote of a majority of all shares entitled to vote at the special
meeting of stockholders or at any adjournment thereof. Accordingly, both an
abstention and a broker non-vote will in effect constitute a vote against the
proposed amendment.

                                 LEGAL MATTERS

   Legal matters with respect to the validity of the shares of iVillage common
stock to be issued pursuant to the terms of the merger agreement and the
rights offering will be passed upon for iVillage by Orrick, Herrington &
Sutcliffe LLP, New York, New York. A partner of Orrick, Herrington & Sutcliffe
LLP owns 4,408 shares of common stock of iVillage. Cooley Godward LLP and
certain of its associates and partners own an aggregate of 19,718 shares of
common stock of Women.com.

                                    EXPERTS

   The consolidated financial statements of iVillage Inc. as of December 31,
1999 and 2000 and for each of the three years in the period ended December 31,
2000 are included in this registration statement in reliance on the report of
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, independent accountants, given on the authority of
said firm as experts in accounting and auditing.

   The consolidated financial statements of Women.com Networks, Inc. as of
December 31, 1999 and 2000 and for each of the three years in the period ended
December 31, 2000 are included in this registration statement (which contain an
explanatory paragraph relating to Women.com's ability to continue as a going
concern as described in Note 2 to the financial statements) in reliance on the
report of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, independent accountants, given on the
authority of said firm as experts in accounting and auditing.

                          FUTURE STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS

   Rule 14a-8 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 addresses when a
company must include a stockholder's proposal in its proxy statement and
identify the proposal in its form of proxy when the company holds an annual or
special meeting of stockholders. In general, under Rule 14a-8 a proposal for a
regularly scheduled annual meeting must be received at the company's principal
executive offices not less than 120 calendar days before the date of the
company's proxy statement released to stockholders in connection with the
previous year's annual meeting. For a special meeting, the deadline is a
reasonable time before the company begins to print and mail its proxy
materials. In addition to complying with the applicable deadline, stockholder
proposals must also be otherwise eligible for inclusion.

iVillage

   Stockholder proposals to be presented at the 2001 Annual Meeting of
Stockholders, for inclusion in iVillage's proxy statement and form of proxy
relating to that meeting, must be received by iVillage at its offices in New
York, New York, addressed to the Secretary, not later than March 3, 2001. Such
proposals must comply with iVillage's By-Laws and the requirements of
Regulation 14A of the 1934 Act.

   In addition, Rule 14a-4 of the 1934 Act governs iVillage's use of its
discretionary proxy voting authority with respect to a stockholder proposal
that is not addressed in the proxy statement. With respect to iVillage's 2001
Annual Meeting of Stockholders, if iVillage is not provided notice of a
stockholder proposal prior to March 3, 2001, iVillage will be allowed to use
its discretionary voting authority when the proposal is raised at the meeting,
without any discussion of the matter in the proxy statement.

Women.com

   Women.com will hold an annual meeting in the year 2001 only if the merger
has not already been completed. If the annual meeting is held, any stockholder
intending to present a proposal for action at Women.com's 2001 annual meeting
and wishing to have the proposal included in Women.com's proxy statement must
have forwarded the proposal to Women.com so that it was received on or before
December 17, 2000. Proposals must have been addressed to Women.com Networks,
Inc. at 1820 Gateway Drive, Suite 100, San Mateo, California 94404, Attention:
Corporate Secretary.

   If a stockholder intends to submit a proposal at Women.com's annual meeting
in 2001, which proposal is not intended to be included in Women.com's proxy
statement and form of proxy relating to that meeting, the stockholder should
give appropriate notice between February 21, 2001 and March 25, 2001. If such
a stockholder fails to submit the proposal by that date, Women.com will not be
required to provide any information about the nature of the proposal in its
proxy statement and the proxy holders will be allowed to use their
discretionary voting authority if the proposal is raised at Women.com's annual
meeting in 2001.

                      WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

   iVillage and Women.com file annual, quarterly and special reports, proxy
statements and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
You may read and copy any reports, statements or other

information that iVillage and Women.com file with the Securities and Exchange
Commission at the Securities and Exchange Commission's public reference rooms
at 450 Fifth Street, N.W., Washington, D.C. 20549 and in New York, New York
and Chicago, Illinois. Please call the Securities and Exchange Commission at
1-800-SEC-0330 for further information on the public reference rooms.
iVillage's and Women.com's Securities and Exchange Commission filings are also
available to the public on the Securities and Exchange Commission's web site
at: http://www.sec.gov. Reports, proxy statements and other information
concerning iVillage and Women.com can also be inspected at the offices of The
Nasdaq Stock Market, which is located at 1735 K Street N.W., Washington, D.C.
20006.

   iVillage has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission a
registration statement on Form S-4. This joint proxy statement/prospectus is a
part of the registration statement and constitutes a prospectus of iVillage
for the shares of iVillage common stock to be issued to Women.com's
stockholders in the merger and upon exercise of the Rights (including the
underlying common stock and warrants). As allowed by the rules of the
Securities and Exchange Commission, this joint proxy statement/prospectus does
not contain all the information you can find in the registration statement or
the exhibits to the registration statement. For further information with
respect to iVillage and the shares of iVillage common stock, you should
consult the registration statement and its exhibits. Statements contained in
this joint proxy statement/prospectus concerning the provisions of any
documents are summaries of those documents, and we refer you to the document
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission for additional information.
The registration statement and any of its amendments, including exhibits filed
as a part of the registration statement or an amendment to the registration
statement, are available for inspection and copying as described above.

   You can request a free copy of the above filings by writing or calling:

                   iVillage Inc.                                  Women.com Networks, Inc.
              500-512 Seventh Avenue                            1820 Gateway Drive, Suite 100
             New York, New York, 10018                           San Mateo, California 94404
             Telephone: (212) 600-6000                            Telephone: (650) 378-6500
           Attention: Investor Relations                        Attention: Investor Relations

   In order to ensure timely delivery of these documents, you should make your
request by March 22, 2001.

   Neither iVillage nor Women.com has authorized anyone to give any information
or make any representation about the merger or about the respective companies
that differs from or adds to the information in this joint proxy statement/
prospectus or in the documents that iVillage or Women.com files publicly with
the Securities and Exchange Commission. Therefore, you should not rely upon
any information that differs from or is in addition to the information
contained in this joint proxy statement/prospectus or in the documents that
iVillage or Women.com files publicly with the
Securities and Exchange Commission.

   If you live in a jurisdiction where it is unlawful to offer to exchange or
sell, to ask for offers to exchange or buy, or to ask for proxies regarding
the securities offered by this joint proxy statement/prospectus, or if you are
a person to whom it is unlawful to direct those activities, the offer
presented by this joint proxy statement/ prospectus is not extended to you.

   The information contained in this joint proxy statement/prospectus speaks
only as of the date on the cover, unless the information specifically
indicates that another date applies.

   With respect to the information contained in this document, iVillage has
supplied the information concerning iVillage and iVillage merger sub, and
Women.com has supplied the information concerning Women.com.

                         INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                                               Page
                                                                                                                               ----

                                                    iVILLAGE INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                                                  Consolidated Financial Statements

Report of Independent Accountants..........................................................................................      F-2
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2000 and 1999 .............................................................      F-3
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998 ...............................      F-4
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity for the years ended December 31, 2000,
   1999 and 1998...........................................................................................................      F-5
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998 ...............................      F-6
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements ...............................................................................      F-7

                                                       WOMEN.COM NETWORKS, INC.

                                                  Consolidated Financial Statements

Report of Independent Accountants .........................................................................................     F-28
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2000 and 1999 .............................................................     F-28
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 1998, 1999 and 2000 ...............................     F-30
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) for the years ended December 31, 1998, 1999 and 2000 ...........     F-31
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 1998, 1999 and 2000 ...............................     F-32
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements ...............................................................................     F-34

                                      F-1

                       REPORT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders
of iVillage Inc.:

In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated financial statements present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of iVillage Inc. and
its subsidiaries at December 31, 2000 and December 31, 1999, and the results
of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the
period ended December 31, 2000 in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. In addition, in our
opinion, the financial statement schedule presents fairly, in all material
respects, the information set forth therein when read in conjunction with the
related consolidated financial statements. These financial statements and
financial statement schedule are the responsibility of the Company's
management; our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial
statements and financial statement schedule based on our audits. We conducted
our audits of these statements in accordance with auditing standards generally
accepted in the United States of America, which require that we plan and
perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on
a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates
made by management, and evaluating the overall financial statement
presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our
opinion.

                                                      PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
New York, New York
February 6, 2001

                                      F-2

                         iVILLAGE INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                          CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
                       (in thousands, except share data)

                                                               December 31,
                                                           ---------------------
                                                             2000         1999
                                                           ---------   ---------

                      ASSETS
Current assets:
  Cash and cash equivalents............................    $  48,963   $ 106,010
  Restricted cash......................................           --       1,495
  Accounts receivable, less allowance for doubtful
  accounts of $1,007 and
   $700, respectively..................................        7,864       6,620
  Inventory............................................           --       2,332
  Other current assets.................................        9,700       3,193
                                                           ---------   ---------
      Total current assets.............................       66,527     119,650
  Restricted cash......................................        9,250          --
  Fixed assets, net....................................       20,057      10,017
  Goodwill and other intangible assets, net............       36,432     175,143
  Investments and other assets.........................          137       7,938
  Non-current assets of discontinued operations........           56          --
                                                           ---------   ---------
      Total assets.....................................    $ 132,459   $ 312,748
                                                           =========   =========

             LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
Current liabilities:
  Accounts payable and accrued expenses................    $  18,695   $  16,216
  Deferred revenue.....................................        6,337      12,682
  Deferred rent........................................          361          --
  Net current liabilities of discontinued operations...          882          --
                                                           ---------   ---------
      Total current liabilities........................       26,275      28,898
  Deferred rent, net of current portion................        4,818          --
                                                           ---------   ---------
      Total liabilities................................       31,093      28,898
Commitments and contingencies
Stockholders' equity:
  Preferred stock - par value $.01, 5,000,000 shares
  authorized, no shares issued and outstanding at
  December 31, 2000 and 1999, respectively.............           --          --
  Common stock - par value $.01, 65,000,000 shares
  authorized, 29,706,770 and 29,591,778 issued and
  outstanding at December 31, 2000 and 1999,
  respectively.........................................          297         296
  Additional paid-in capital...........................      495,758     494,899
  Accumulated deficit..................................     (384,316)   (192,888)
  Stockholders' notes receivable.......................       (7,148)    (12,188)
  Unearned compensation and deferred advertising.......       (3,225)     (6,269)
                                                           ---------   ---------
      Total stockholders' equity.......................      101,366     283,850
                                                           ---------   ---------
      Total liabilities and stockholders' equity.......    $ 132,459   $ 312,748
                                                           =========   =========

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial
                                  statements.

                                      F-3

                         iVILLAGE INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
                    (in thousands, except per share amounts)

                                                    Year ended December 31,
                                               ---------------------------------
                                                  2000        1999        1998
                                               ---------    ---------   --------

  Revenue..................................    $  76,352    $  36,576   $ 12,451
  Cost of revenues.........................       27,596       15,426     10,315
                                               ---------    ---------   --------
  Gross margin.............................       48,756       21,150      2,136
                                               ---------    ---------   --------

  Operating expenses:
   Product development and technology......        7,731        5,226      1,427
   Sales and marketing.....................       46,711       46,061     28,177
   Sales and marketing - NBC expenses......        7,387       17,465         --
   General and administrative..............       22,634       13,164      9,546
   Depreciation and amortization...........       37,681       25,720      5,500
   Impairment of goodwill..................       98,056           --         --
                                               ---------    ---------   --------
       Total operating expenses............      220,200      107,636     44,650
                                               ---------    ---------   --------
  Loss from operations.....................     (171,444)     (86,486)   (42,514)
  Interest income, net.....................        5,261        4,085        571
  Other income (expense), net..............          595          271       (504)
  Minority interest........................           --           --        587
  Write-down of note receivable and
  investments..............................      (13,496)          --         --
  Loss from affiliate......................         (422)          --         --
                                               ---------    ---------   --------
  Net loss from continuing operations......     (179,506)     (82,130)   (41,860)
                                               ---------    ---------   --------
  Preferred stock deemed dividend..........           --      (23,612)        --
                                               ---------    ---------   --------
  Net loss attributable to common
  stockholders from
   continuing operations...................     (179,506)    (105,742)   (41,860)
                                               ---------    ---------   --------
  Discontinued operations:
   Loss from operations of iBaby, Inc......       (4,863)     (10,871)    (1,794)
   Loss on disposal of iBaby, Inc.
   including
    provision for losses during phase-out
    period., $3,441 and loss on sale of
    assets, $3,618.........................       (7,059)          --         --
                                               ---------    ---------   --------
  Loss from discontinued operations........      (11,922)     (10,871)    (1,794)
                                               ---------    ---------   --------
  Net loss attributable to common
  stockholders.............................    $(191,428)   $(116,613)  $(43,654)
                                               =========    =========   ========
  Basic and diluted net loss per share from
  continuing
   operations attributable to common
  stockholders.............................    $   (6.05)   $   (5.06)  $ (20.24)
                                               =========    =========   ========
  Basic and diluted net loss per share from
   discontinued operations attributable to
   common stockholders.....................    $   (0.40)   $   (0.52)  $  (0.87)
                                               =========    =========   ========
  Basic and diluted net loss per share
  attributable to
   common stockholders.....................    $   (6.45)   $   (5.58)  $ (21.11)
                                               =========    =========   ========
  Weighted average shares of common stock
   outstanding used in computing basic and
  diluted
   net loss per share......................       29,683       20,901      2,068
                                               =========    =========   ========

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial
                                  statements.

                                      F-4

                         iVILLAGE INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
                             (Dollars in thousands)

                                                                                                                   Convertible
                                                 Convertible             Convertible            Convertible         Preferred
                                               Preferred Stock         Preferred Stock        Preferred Stock         Stock
                                                   Series A               Series B                Series C           Series D
                                              -------------------    -------------------    --------------------   -----------
                                               Shares      Amount     Shares      Amount      Shares      Amount      Shares
                                                -----      -----       -----      -----       -----       -----       -----

Balance at January 1, 1998 ...............    1,000,000     $ 1      4,777,746     $ 2      13,193,445     $ 7
Issuance of common stock for cash ........
Issuance of Series D convertible
preferred stock ..........................                                                                          13,000,000
Issuance of Series E convertible
preferred stock ..........................
Issuance of stock options to consultants
and directors ............................
Issuance of common stock in connection
with exercise of stock options ...........
Issuance of stock options in connection
with business transactions ...............
Officer loan receivable ..................
Issuance of options to NBC ...............
Net loss .................................
                                             ----------     ---     ----------     ---     -----------     ---     -----------
Balance at December 31, 1998                  1,000,000       1      4,777,746       2      13,193,445       7      13,000,000
Conversion of preferred stock ............   (1,000,000)     (1)    (4,777,746)     (2)    (13,193,445)     (7)    (13,000,000)
Issuance of common stock in connection
with initial public offering, net ........
Issuance of common stock in connection
with secondary public offering, net ......
Issuance of common stock in connection
with business acquisitions ...............
Issuance of common stock and warrants
to NBC ...................................
Issuance of common stock in connection
with the exercise of stock options
and warrants .............................
Issuance of stock options to employees,
consultants and directors ................
Deemed dividend ..........................
Amortization of unearned compensation and
deferred advertising costs ...............
Repayment of stockholder note receivable .
Net loss .................................
                                             ----------     ---     ----------     ---     -----------     ---     -----------
Balance at December 31, 1999 .............           --      --             --      --              --      --              --
Additional costs in connection with
secondary public offering ................
Issuance of common stock in connection
with the exercise of stock options .......
Extension of stock option life ...........
Notes receivable due from stockholders in
connection with exercise of options ......
Amortization of unearned compensation and
deferred advertising costs ...............
Repayment of stockholders' notes
 receivable ..............................
Net loss .................................
                                             ----------     ---     ----------     ---     -----------     ---     -----------
Balance at December 31, 2000                         --     $--             --     $--              --     $--              --
                                             ==========     ===     ==========     ===     ===========     ===     ===========

                                                           Convertible             Convertible
                                                         Preferred Stock         Preferred Stock
                                                             Series D                Series E                Common Stock
                                                       --------------------    -------------------    -------------------------
                               Accumulated
                                             Amount      Shares      Amount      Shares     Amount     Capital      Receivable
                                              -----       -----       -----      -----       -----      ------       ---------

Balance at January 1, 1998 ...............                                      1,819,735    $ 18      $ 43,181      $    (65)
Issuance of common stock for cash ........                                        284,317       3         1,664
Issuance of Series D convertible
preferred stock ..........................     $ 6                                                       31,482
Issuance of Series E convertible
preferred stock ..........................              11,730,948     $ 6                               32,089
Issuance of stock options to consultants
and directors ............................                                                                  147
Issuance of common stock in connection
with exercise of stock options ...........                                          9,333                    47
Issuance of stock options in connection
with business transactions ...............                                                                  278
Officer loan receivable ..................                                                                               (500)
Issuance of options to NBC ...............                                                                3,961
Net loss .................................
                                               ---     -----------     ---     ----------    ----      --------      --------
Balance at December 31, 1998                     6      11,730,948       6      2,113,385      21       112,849          (565)
Conversion of preferred stock ............      (6)    (11,730,948)     (6)    14,785,205     148          (126)
Issuance of common stock in connection
with initial public offering, net ........                                      4,197,500      42        91,347
Issuance of common stock in connection
with secondary public offering, net ......                                      2,700,000      27        70,783
Issuance of common stock in connection
with business acquisitions ...............                                      3,883,649      39       172,886
Issuance of common stock and warrants
to NBC ...................................                                      1,629,677      16        19,965       (15,498)
Issuance of common stock in connection
with the exercise of stock options
and warrants .............................                                        282,362       3           965
Issuance of stock options to employees,
consultants and directors ................                                                                2,618
Deemed dividend ..........................                                                               23,612
Amortization of unearned compensation and
deferred advertising costs ...............
Repayment of stockholder note receivable .                                                                              3,875
Net loss .................................
                                               ---     -----------     ---     ----------    ----      --------      --------
Balance at December 31, 1999 .............      --              --      --     29,591,778     296       494,899       (12,188)
Additional costs in connection with
secondary public offering ................                                                                 (451)
Issuance of common stock in connection
with the exercise of stock options .......                                        114,992       1           897
Extension of stock option life ...........                                                                  413
Notes receivable due from stockholders in
connection with exercise of options ......                                                                               (166)
Amortization of unearned compensation and
deferred advertising costs ...............
Repayment of stockholders' notes
 receivable ..............................                                                                              5,206
Net loss .................................
                                               ---     -----------     ---     ----------    ----      --------      --------
Balance at December 31, 2000                   $--              --     $--     29,706,770    $297      $495,758      $ (7,148)
                                               ===     ===========     ===     ==========    ====      ========      ========

                                               Unearned
                                             Compensation
                                                  and
                                               Deferred
                                              Advertising    Accumulated
                                                 Cost          Deficit       Total
                                                      ---         ------        ----

Balance at January 1, 1998 ...............                    $ (32,621)   $  10,523
Issuance of common stock for cash ........                                     1,667
Issuance of Series D convertible
preferred stock ..........................                                    31,488
Issuance of Series E convertible
preferred stock ..........................                                    32,095
Issuance of stock options to consultants
and directors ............................      $   (69)                          78
Issuance of common stock in connection
with exercise of stock options ...........                                        47
Issuance of stock options in connection
with business transactions ...............                                       278
Officer loan receivable ..................                                      (500)
Issuance of options to NBC ...............       (3,961)
Net loss .................................                      (43,654)     (43,654)
                                                -------       ---------    ---------
Balance at December 31, 1998                     (4,030)        (76,275)      32,022
Conversion of preferred stock ............                                        --
Issuance of common stock in connection
with initial public offering, net ........                                    91,389
Issuance of common stock in connection
with secondary public offering, net ......                                    70,810
Issuance of common stock in connection
with business acquisitions ...............                                   172,925
Issuance of common stock and warrants
to NBC ...................................       (4,483)                          --
Issuance of common stock in connection
with the exercise of stock options
and warrants .............................                                       968
Issuance of stock options to employees,
consultants and directors ................       (2,618)                          --
Deemed dividend ..........................                      (23,612)          --
Amortization of unearned compensation and
deferred advertising costs ...............        4.862                        4,862
Repayment of stockholder note receivable .                                     3,875
Net loss .................................                      (93,001)     (93,001)
                                                -------       ---------    ---------
Balance at December 31, 1999 .............       (6,269)       (192,888)     283,850
Additional costs in connection with
secondary public offering ................                                      (451)
Issuance of common stock in connection
with the exercise of stock options .......                                       898
Extension of stock option life ...........                                       413
Notes receivable due from stockholders in
connection with exercise of options ......                                      (166)
Amortization of unearned compensation and
deferred advertising costs ...............        3,044                        3,044
Repayment of stockholders' notes
 receivable ..............................                                     5,206
Net loss .................................                     (191,428)    (191,428)
                                                -------       ---------    ---------
Balance at December 31, 2000                    $(3,225)      $(384,316)   $ 101,366
                                                =======       =========    =========

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial
                                  statements.

                                      F-5

                         iVILLAGE INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
                                 (in thousands)

                                                                                                        Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                                   --------------------------------
                                                                                                      2000        1999       1998
                                                                                                   ---------    --------   --------

Cash flows from operating activities:
 Net loss excluding preferred stock deemed dividend............................................    $(191,428)   $(93,001)  $(43,654)

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities:
 Loss from discontinued operations.............................................................        4,863      10,871      1,794
 Loss on disposal of iBaby, Inc................................................................        7,059          --         --
 Expense recognized in connection with issuance of warrants and
   stock options...............................................................................        3,457       4,862        256
 Write-down of note receivable and investments.................................................       13,496          --         --
 Impairment of goodwill........................................................................       98,056          --         --
 Depreciation and amortization.................................................................       37,681      25,720      5,500
 Deferred rent.................................................................................         (170)         --         --
 Bad debt expense..............................................................................          277         500        855
 Loss from affiliate...........................................................................          422          --         --
 Loss on sale of Web site......................................................................           --          --        504
 Minority interest.............................................................................           --          --       (587)
Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
 Accounts receivable...........................................................................       (1,521)     (3,393)    (1,833)
 Restricted cash and other assets..............................................................       (9,633)     (2,979)      (310)
 Accounts payable and accrued expenses.........................................................        4,396        (635)     4,758
 Deferred revenue..............................................................................       (6,345)      9,583      1,906
 Other liabilities.............................................................................           --        (157)      (170)
                                                                                                   ---------    --------   --------
Net cash used in operating activities of continuing operations.................................      (39,390)    (48,629)   (30,981)
                                                                                                   ---------    --------   --------

Cash flows from investing activities:
 Purchase of fixed assets......................................................................      (16,745)     (3,922)    (5,001)
 Acquisitions of businesses and Web sites......................................................           --     (21,475)    (1,040)
 Investment in marketable and non-marketable securities........................................       (1,000)     (7,500)        --
 Proceeds from sale of Web site................................................................           --          --        600
                                                                                                   ---------    --------   --------
Net cash used in investing activities of continuing operations.................................      (17,745)    (32,897)    (5,441)
                                                                                                   ---------    --------   --------

Cash flows from financing activities:
 (Payments) proceeds from issuance of common stock, net........................................         (451)    162,199        227
 Proceeds from issuance of convertible preferred stock, net....................................           --          --     63,583
 Proceeds from exercise of stock options.......................................................          730         968         --
 Principal payments on capital leases..........................................................           --        (136)      (250)
 Principal payments on stockholders' note receivable...........................................        5,206       3,875         --
 Issuance of stockholder note receivable.......................................................           --          --       (500)
                                                                                                   ---------    --------   --------
Net cash provided by financing activities of continuing operations.............................        5,485     166,906     63,060
                                                                                                   ---------    --------   --------

Cash used in discontinued operations...........................................................       (5,397)    (10,195)      (148)

Net (decrease) increase in cash for the period.................................................      (57,047)     75,185     26,490
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period.................................................      106,010      30,825      4,335
                                                                                                   ---------    --------   --------

Cash and cash equivalents, end of period.......................................................    $  48,963    $106,010   $ 30,825
                                                                                                   =========    ========   ========
Cash paid during the period for interest.......................................................    $      78    $     25   $     37
                                                                                                   =========    ========   ========

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities:

     During 1998, iVillage recorded a liability of $1.0 million in connection
     with a contingent payment to be provided to the prior owners of Health
     ResponseAbility Systems, Inc.

     During 1999, iVillage issued Series E convertible preferred stock in
     exchange for a note (see Note 5).

     During 1999, in connection with the Company's IPO, all preferred stock
     was converted into common stock (see Notes 1 and 10).

     During 1999, iVillage acquired several companies and a Web site domain
     name through the issuance of stock (see Note 6).

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial
                                  statements.

                                      F-6

                         iVILLAGE INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Note 1 --  Organization and Basis of Presentation

   iVillage Inc. was incorporated in the State of Delaware on June 8, 1995 and
commenced operations on July 1, 1995. iVillage is a new media company, which
operates iVillage.com, Lamaze Publishing and the Newborn Channel. iVillage.com
is a leading women's online destination providing practical solutions and
everyday support for women 18 and over. Lamaze Publishing produces advertising
supported educational materials for expectant and new parents. The Newborn
Channel is a satellite television network in over 1,000 hospitals nationwide.

   In March 1999, the Company completed an initial public offering ("IPO") of
4,197,500 shares of the Company's common stock resulting in net proceeds of
approximately $91.4 million. Upon closing of the IPO, all classes of
outstanding convertible preferred stock converted into common stock on a one
for one ratio.

   In November 1999, the Company completed a secondary public offering of
2,700,000 shares of the Company's common stock resulting in net proceeds of
approximately $70.8 million.

   The Company has sustained net losses and negative cash flows from operations
since its inception. The Company's ability to meet its obligations in the
ordinary course of business is dependent upon its ability to achieve
profitable operations and/or raise additional financing through public or
private equity financings, collaborative or other arrangements with corporate
sources, or other sources of financing to fund operations. However, there is
no assurance that the Company will achieve profitable operations or that it
will be able to raise adequate financing from other sources. Management
believes that its current funds will be sufficient to enable the Company to
meet its planned expenditures through at least December 31, 2001. If
anticipated operating results are not achieved, management has the intent and
believes it has the ability to delay or reduce expenditures so as not to
require additional financial resources, if such resources were not available
on terms acceptable to the Company.

   The Company has a limited operating history and its prospects are subject to
the risks, expenses and uncertainties frequently encountered by companies in
the new and rapidly evolving markets for Internet products and services. These
risks include the failure to develop and extend the Company's online service
brands, the rejection of the Company's services by Web consumers, vendors,
sponsors and/or advertisers and the inability of the Company to maintain and
increase the levels of traffic on its online services, as well as other risks
and uncertainties. In the event the Company does not successfully implement
its business plan, certain assets may not be recoverable.

Note 2 -- Significant Accounting Policies and Procedures

 Principles of Consolidation

   The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company
and its subsidiaries. Intercompany balances and transactions have been
eliminated.

 Revenue Recognition

   To date, the Company's revenues have been derived primarily from the sale of
sponsorship and advertising contracts.

   Sponsorship revenues are derived principally from contracts ranging from one
to three years. Sponsorships are designed to support the customer's broad
marketing objectives, including brand promotion, awareness, product
introductions and online research. Sponsorship agreements typically include
the delivery of impressions on iVillage's Web sites and occasionally the
design and development of customized sites that enhance the promotional
objectives of the sponsor. An impression is the viewing of promotional
material on a Web page, which may include banner advertisements, links,
buttons, or other text or images. As part of certain sponsorship agreements,
sponsors who also sell products may provide the Company with a

                                      F-7

                         iVILLAGE INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

Note 2 -- Significant Accounting Policies and Procedures--(Continued)

commission on sales of their products generated through iVillage's Web site.
To date, these amounts have not been significant.

   Advertising revenues are derived principally from short-term advertising
contracts in which the Company typically guarantees a minimum number of
impressions or pages to be delivered to users over a specified period of time
for a fixed fee.

   Sponsorship and advertising revenues are recognized ratably over the period
in which the advertisement is displayed, provided that the Company has no
continuing obligations and collection of the receivable is reasonably assured,
at the lesser of the ratio of impressions delivered over total guaranteed
impressions or the straight-line basis over the term of the contract. To the
extent that minimum guaranteed impressions are not met, iVillage defers
recognition of the corresponding revenues until the guaranteed impressions are
achieved. Sponsorship and advertising revenues were approximately 92%, 95% and
100% of total revenues for the years ended December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998,
respectively.

   Included in sponsorship and advertising revenues are revenues from
advertising placements in Lamaze Publishing's publications, videos, websites
and satellite broadcasts on the Newborn Channel. In addition, revenues are
generated through a sampling and coupon program which offers advertisers the
ability to distribute samples, coupons and promotional literature to new and
expectant mothers.

   Sponsorship and advertising revenues also include barter revenues, which
represent exchanges by the Company of advertising space on the Company's Web
sites for reciprocal advertising space or traffic on other Web sites. Revenues
and expenses from these barter transactions are recorded based upon the fair
value of the advertisements delivered. Fair value of advertisements delivered
is based upon the Company's recent historical practice of receiving cash for
similar advertisements. Barter revenues are recognized when the advertisements
are displayed on iVillage.com and its affiliated properties. Barter expenses
are recognized at the value of advertisements received when the Company's
advertisements are displayed on the reciprocal Web sites or properties, which
is typically in the same period as when advertisements are displayed on
iVillage.com and its affiliated properties, and are included as part of sales
and marketing expenses. Revenues from barter transactions were approximately
$3.6 million, $3.3 million, and $3.0 million for the years ended December 31,
2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively.

   Other revenue primarily includes licensing revenue. The Company receives
revenue from the licensing of portions of the Company's content, and such fees
are recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the contract.

   In 2000, 1999, and 1998, respectively, revenues from the Company's five
largest advertisers accounted for approximately 23%, 20%, and 20% of total
revenues, however, no one advertiser accounted for greater than 10% of total
revenues. At December 31, 2000 and 1998, one customer accounted for
approximately 11% of the net accounts receivable. At December 31, 1999, no
customer accounted for greater than 10% of the net accounts receivable.

 Cash and Cash Equivalents

   Cash and cash equivalents include money market accounts. The Company
maintains its cash and cash equivalents in highly rated financial
institutions.

 Restricted Cash

   At December 31, 1999, restricted cash includes money held in an escrow
account for advertising expenses. This money was used in 2000.  At December
31, 2000, restricted cash includes money held for a letter of credit securing
a real estate lease for the Company's office space.

                                      F-8

                         iVILLAGE INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

Note 2 -- Significant Accounting Policies and Procedures--(Continued)

 Fair Value of Financial Instruments

   The carrying amounts of the Company's financial instruments, including cash
and cash equivalents, restricted cash, accounts receivable, accounts payable
and accrued liabilities, approximate fair value because of their short
maturities.

 Inventory

   Inventory was stated at the lower of cost (first-in, first-out method) or
market. Inventory consisted of finished goods for sale through the iBaby
website.

 Fixed Assets

   Depreciation of equipment, furniture and fixtures, and computer software is
provided for by the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives
ranging from three to five years. Amortization of leasehold improvements is
provided for over the lesser of the term of the related lease or the estimated
useful life of the improvement. The cost of additions, and expenditures which
extend the useful lives of existing assets are capitalized, and repairs and
maintenance costs are charged to operations as incurred. The Company
continually evaluates whether current events or circumstances warrant
adjustments to the carrying value or estimated useful lives of fixed assets
and intangible assets in accordance with the provisions of Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards No. 121, "Accounting for the Impairment of
Long-Lived Assets."

 Goodwill and Intangible Assets

   Goodwill and intangible assets consist primarily of an advertiser list and
the excess of the purchase price paid over the identified intangible and
tangible net assets of acquired companies. Goodwill and intangible assets are
amortized using the straight-line method over the period of expected benefit
ranging from three to ten years. The Company assesses the recoverability of
its goodwill and intangible assets by determining whether the unamortized
balance over its remaining life can be recovered through forecasted cash
flows. If undiscounted forecasted cash flows indicate that the unamortized
amounts will not be recovered, an adjustment will be made to reduce the net
amounts to an amount consistent with forecasted future cash flows discounted
at a rate commensurate with the risk associated when estimating future
discounted cash flows. Future cash flows are based on trends of historical
performance and management's estimate of future performance, giving
consideration to existing and anticipated competitive and economic conditions.

 Investments

   The Company entered into certain equity investments for the promotion of
business and strategic purposes. Management determined the appropriate
classification of its investments in marketable securities at the time of
purchase and evaluates such investments at each balance sheet date. These
investments are included in other assets in the consolidated balance sheet.

   The Company's marketable investments are classified as available-for-sale as
of the balance sheet date and are carried at fair value, with the unrealized
gains and losses, net of tax, reported as a separate component of
stockholders' equity until realized. Non-marketable investments are recorded
at the lower of cost or fair value. For all investment securities, unrealized
losses that are determined to be other than temporary are recognized in
calculating net income or loss.

   Included in the caption write-down of note receivable and investments in the
consolidated statements of operations are approximately $8.4 million of losses
recognized for the write down of the Company's marketable and non-marketable
investments whose decline in value was determined to be other than temporary.
(See PlanetRx below)

                                      F-9

                         iVILLAGE INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

Note 2 -- Significant Accounting Policies and Procedures--(Continued)

 PlanetRx

   In September 1999, iVillage paid approximately $7.5 million to PlanetRx.com
for 371,103 shares of series D preferred stock of PlanetRx.com, which was
converted into the same number of shares of PlanetRx.com common stock upon the
closing of PlanetRx.com's initial public offering in October 1999. At June 30,
2000, the investment in PlanetRx.com was written down approximately $7.1
million, and at December 31, 2000 the investment was further written down
approximately $0.3 million, to its estimated fair market value due to a
decline in value deemed to be other than temporary.

   Additionally, in September 1999 iVillage entered into a content license
agreement with PlanetRx.com for $7.5 million and a multi-year sponsorship
agreement for $15.0 million. In June 2000, the Company's Sponsorship Agreement
with PlanetRx.com was amended to reduce the aggregate value of the agreement
to approximately $9.3 million, as well as reduce iVillage's obligations
thereunder. In September 2000, the Company's Sponsorship Agreement with
PlanetRx.com was further amended to reduce the aggregate value of the
agreement to approximately $4.0 million and further reduce iVillage's
obligations thereunder, and terminate the agreement as of December 31, 2000.

 Advertising Costs

   Advertising costs are expensed as incurred and are included in the sales and
marketing lines in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations.
Advertising costs included in sales and marketing were approximately $19.1
million, $40.4 million, and $3.5 million for the years ended December 31,
2000, 1999, and 1998, respectively. At December 31, 2000 and 1999
approximately $0.3 million and $0.5 million of advertising costs were prepaid,
respectively.

 Web Site Development Costs

   During 2000, the Company adopted the consensus in the Financial Accounting
Standards Board Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) Issue No. 00-2, Accounting
for Web Site Development Costs, which requires that certain costs to develop
Web sites be capitalized or expensed, depending on the nature of the costs.
During 2000, no development expenses were capitalized.

 Income Taxes

   The Company recognizes deferred taxes by the asset and liability method of
accounting for income taxes. Under the asset and liability method, deferred
income taxes are recognized for differences between the financial statement
and tax bases of assets and liabilities at enacted statutory tax rates in
effect for the years in which the differences are expected to reverse. The
effect on deferred taxes of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in
the period that includes the enactment date. In addition, valuation allowances
are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amounts
expected to be realized.

 Reclassifications

   Within the consolidated statements of operations, the Company has made
certain reclassifications to the prior year's expense amounts to conform to
the presentation in 2000. None of the reclassifications impacted the Company's
net loss or net loss per share attributable to common stockholders in any
period. The reclassifications include the allocation of facility expenses from
general and administrative expense to cost of revenues, product development
and technology, and sales and marketing, and to present the operating results
of iBaby, Inc. as a discontinued operation.

                                      F-10

                         iVILLAGE INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

Note 2 -- Significant Accounting Policies and Procedures--(Continued)

 Use of Estimates

   The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally
accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and
assumptions that affect the reported amount of assets and liabilities,
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the
reporting period. Actual results could differ from these estimates.
Significant estimates made by the Company include the write-down of marketable
and non-marketable investments, the useful lives of fixed assets and the
recoverability of fixed assets, goodwill, intangibles and deferred tax assets.

 Net Loss Per Share

   Basic earnings per share is computed using the weighted-average number of
common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share is
computed using the weighted-average number of common and common stock
equivalent shares outstanding during the period. Common stock equivalent
shares are excluded from the computation if their effect is antidilutive.

   Stock options and warrants in the amount of 7,365,760, 5,901,637 and
2,690,263 shares for the years ended December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998,
respectively, were not included in the computation of diluted earnings per
share as they are anti-dilutive as a result of net losses during the periods
presented.

 Comprehensive Income

   In June 1997, the FASB issued SFAS No. 130, "Reporting Comprehensive Income"
("SFAS No. 130"). This statement requires companies to classify items of other
comprehensive income by their nature in the financial statements and display
the accumulated balance of other comprehensive income separately from retained
earnings and additional paid-in capital in the equity section of a statement
of financial position. The Company has had no other comprehensive income items
to report.

 Recent Accounting Pronouncements

   In June 1998, the FASB issued SFAS No. 133, "Accounting for Derivatives and
Hedging Activities" ("SFAS No. 133"), which establishes accounting and
reporting standards for derivative instruments and hedging activities. The
effective date of this standard was deferred to all fiscal quarters of fiscal
years beginning after June 15, 2000 by SFAS No. 137, "Accounting for
Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities - Deferral of the Effective Date
of FASB Statement No. 133," which was issued on June 30, 1999. The Company
does not expect the adoption of this statement to have a significant impact on
the Company's results of operations, financial position or cash flows.

   In December 1999, the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") issued
Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 101, "Revenue Recognition in Financial
Statements" ("SAB 101"). SAB 101 summarizes certain of the SEC's views in
applying generally accepted accounting principles to revenue recognition in
financial statements. SAB 101 is not a rule or interpretation of the SEC,
however, it represents interpretations and practices followed by the Division
of Corporation Finance and the Office of the Chief Accountant in administering
the disclosure requirements of the Federal securities laws. SAB 101 did not
have an impact on the Company's revenue recognition policies.

   In March 2000, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued FASB
Interpretation No. 44 ("FIN 44"), "Accounting for Certain Transactions
Involving Stock Compensation an Interpretation of APB 25." FIN 44 becomes
effective July 1, 2000, but certain conclusions cover specific events that
occur after either December 15, 1998 or January 12, 2000. The adoption of FIN
44 did not have a material effect on the Company's financial position or
results of operations.

                                      F-11

                         iVILLAGE INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

Note 3 -- Fixed Assets

   Fixed assets consist of the following:

                                                                    December 31,
                                                                 ------------------
                                                                  2000       1999
                                                                --------    -------
                                                                   (in thousands)

   Computer equipment .......................................   $ 13,367    $10,770
   Capitalized software .....................................      3,707      3,354
   Hospital video equipment .................................      2,678      2,089
   Leasehold improvements ...................................     11,598      1,800
   Furniture and fixtures ...................................      3,506      1,559
                                                                --------    -------
                                                                  34,856     19,572
   Less, accumulated depreciation and amortization ..........    (14,799)    (9,555)
                                                                --------    -------
                                                                $ 20,057    $10,017
                                                                ========    =======

   Depreciation and amortization of fixed assets from continuing operations was
approximately $5.5 million, $4.7 million and $2.6 million for the years ended
December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively.

Note 4 -- Goodwill and Intangible Assets

   Goodwill and intangible assets at December 31, 2000 and 1999, consist of the
following:

                                                 Lives        2000        1999
                                               ----------   --------    --------
                                                               (in thousands)

   Advertiser list.........................      10 years   $ 14,700    $ 14,700
   Licensing agreement.....................      10 years      2,900       2,900
   Workforce...............................       5 years        800         800
   Content.................................       3 years        600         600
   Goodwill................................    3-10 years     74,881     184,575
                                                            --------    --------
                                                              93,881     203,575
   Less accumulated amortization...........                  (57,449)    (28,432)
                                                            --------    --------
                                                            $ 36,432    $175,143
                                                            ========    ========

   The decrease in goodwill assets during 2000 was due primarily to the
discontinuation of iBaby, Inc. operations (See note 6), and a charge of
approximately $98.1 million, for the impairment of goodwill relating to the
1999 acquisitions of OnLine Psychological Services, Inc., Code Stone
Technologies, Inc., Lamaze Publishing Company, Inc., and Family Point Inc. The
Company determined that their estimated future discounted cash flows were
below the carrying values of their long-lived assets, primarily goodwill.
Yearly amortization of the impaired goodwill was approximately $26.6 million.

   Amortization expense for goodwill and intangible assets from continuing
operations for the years ended December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998 was
approximately $32.2 million, $21.0 million and $2.9 million, respectively.

Note 5 -- Related-Party Transactions

 AOL

   In July 1997, iVillage entered into an interactive services agreement with
AOL whereby the Company received anchor tenant distribution within the AOL
service. This agreement superseded any prior agreements between the Company
and AOL. The AOL Agreement, which was due to expire on February 28, 1999,
provided both parties with the right to extend the agreement. In consideration
for AOL carrying certain

                                      F-12

                         iVILLAGE INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

Note 5 -- Related-Party Transactions--(Continued)

channels of the Company, the Company receiving guaranteed impressions and
other services, the Company was obligated to pay AOL monthly payments of
approximately $229,000 until September 1, 1998 and approximately $201,000
thereafter until February 28, 1999, make certain additional payments based on
revenues and provide in-kind commitments to AOL which primarily consisted of
the mentioning of "AOL Keyword: iVillage" within iVillage advertisements and
other promotions. These in-kind commitments were not valued as part of the
obligation to AOL as no incremental costs were incurred and fair value could
not be reasonably determined.

   In January 1998, iVillage entered into a shopping channel promotional
agreement with AOL (the "Shopping Channel Agreement"), whereby AOL agreed to
promote iVillage and its services on the AOL shopping channel and provide
access to iVillage's online sites. The Shopping Channel Agreement provided for
monthly installments of $10,417 paid to AOL through December 31, 1998.

   On December 31, 1998, the Company entered into an interactive services
agreement with AOL (the "1998 AOL Agreement"), which superseded the 1997 AOL
Agreement. The 1998 AOL Agreement expired on December 31, 2000 and allowed
both parties to extend the term of the agreement for an additional year. The
1998 AOL Agreement provided for the Company to receive anchor tenant
distribution on certain AOL channels, guaranteed impressions, and other
services. In consideration for such services the Company was obligated to (i)
pay AOL minimum quarterly payments of approximately $921,000 until March 31,
1999, approximately $611,000 from April 1, 1999 through December 31, 1999 and
approximately $807,000 from January 1, 2000 through December 31, 2000, and
(ii) provide up to $2 million of advertising to AOL, as defined in the 1998
AOL Agreement. At December 31, 2000 and 1999 no amounts were owed to AOL in
connection with the 1998 AOL Agreement. Subsequent to December 31, 2000, the
Company has extended the 1998 AOL Agreement on a month-to-month basis for a
monthly fee of $268,908.

   On February 20, 2000, the Company entered into an interactive service
agreement with AOL (the "Astrology AOL Agreement"), under which AOL will
distribute through the AOL network a customized version of the Company's
Astrology.Net Website and content, and provide guaranteed impressions, and
other services. In consideration for such services the Company is obligated to
(i) pay AOL monthly installments of $22,500 until June 6, 2000, an upfront
payment of $700,000 in June 2000, and (6) six quarterly installments of
$350,000 commencing on September 6, 2000. The Astrology AOL Agreement expires
on June 5, 2002. At December 31, 2000, no amounts were owed to AOL in
connection with the Astrology AOL Agreement, however, the Company recorded a
prepaid expense of approximately $583,000 as a result of advance payments.

   The Company estimates that a significant portion of its traffic is derived
from AOL and if the financial condition and operations of AOL were to
deteriorate significantly, or if the traffic to the Company's site generated
by AOL were to substantially decrease, the Company's advertising revenues
could be adversely affected.

 NBC

   During 1998, as amended in March 1999, the Company entered into a stock
purchase agreement with NBC pursuant to which iVillage issued shares of Series
E Convertible Preferred Stock ("Series E") and warrants to purchase 970,874
shares of Series E and 813,003 shares of Series E during 2000 and 2001,
respectively, in exchange for a promissory note of approximately $15.5
million. The note, which bears interest at the rate of 5% per annum, is
payable in twelve installments of approximately $1.4 million, payable
quarterly, beginning April 1, 1999. In connection with the IPO and the reverse
stock split, the shares of Series E and Series E warrants were converted into
1,629,676 shares of common stock and warrants to purchase 323,625 shares of
common stock at $15.45 per share and 271,003 shares of common stock at $18.45
per share, respectively.

                                      F-13

                         iVILLAGE INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

Note 5 -- Related-Party Transactions--(Continued)

   In addition, iVillage agreed to purchase, for cash, $13.5 million of
advertising and promotional spots during 1999 and $8.5 million per annum
during 2000 and 2001, respectively. iVillage also agreed to pay $1.1 million
during 1999 for prominent placement on the NBC.com Web site. During 2000 and
1999, approximately $4.8 million and $13.9 million was paid to NBC,
respectively. (See Note 13)

   Under the revised agreement and in accordance with EITF D-60, "Accounting
for the Issuance of Convertible Preferred Stock and Debt Securities with a
Non-detachable Conversion Feature," the $23.6 million difference between the
purchase price of the Series E and the fair market value on the date of
issuance has been accounted for as a deemed dividend and amortized using the
effective interest method from the date of issuance through the date the
Company completed its IPO (the date of conversion into common stock). In
addition, the fair value of the warrants of approximately $8.4 million, was
recorded in stockholders' equity as deferred advertising costs and is being
amortized over the three-year advertising agreement. The fair value of the
warrants was determined using the Black-Scholes option pricing model.

 Other Related Parties

   In July 1997, iVillage entered into a one-year agreement with Tenet
Healthcare Corporation ("Tenet"), a stockholder, whereby Tenet was a sponsor
of one of iVillage's channels and developed content for use on the channel in
exchange for a fee paid in quarterly installments. For the year ended December
31, 1998, this agreement generated revenues of approximately $247,000.

   During 1999 and 1998, the Company had sponsorship and advertising agreements
with Intel Corp., a stockholder, which generated revenues of approximately
$268,000 and $130,000, respectively. As of December 31, 1999, the Company was
owed approximately $38,000 from this stockholder.

   In November 1998, iVillage entered into a one-year content distribution
agreement with Cox Interactive Media ("Cox"), a stockholder, whereby iVillage
agreed to provide content for Cox's Web sites in return for displaying the
iVillage logo on the Cox Web sites and establishing links on the Cox Web sites
to iVillage's network.

 Officer Loan Receivable

   In June 1998, the Company accepted a non-recourse promissory note in the
principal amount of $500,000 (the "Note") from its then chief executive
officer ("CEO"). The Note is collateralized by 20,000 shares of the Company's
common stock which is held by the Company. Interest is payable annually on
December 31 of each year, commencing December 31, 1998, at the rate of 5.58%.
During 2000, the maturity date of the outstanding principal balance on the
Note was extended to December 31, 2002, from the initial maturity date of June
5, 2001. As of December 31, 2000 and 1999, the former CEO has borrowed
$500,000 under the note, which is recorded as a stockholder note receivable
and classified as a reduction of equity. Payments received in 1999 for
interest totaled $12,400. Subsequent to December 31, 2000, the Company
received an interest payment for $27,900.

 StudentCenter

   In September 1997, the Company acquired substantially all of the assets of
StudentCenter LLC ("StudentCenter"), an Internet content provider, for
approximately $208,000. In May 1998, the Company sold the assets of
StudentCenter as part of the sale of About Work.

 About Work

   In May 1998, the Company sold About Work, one of the Company's channels, as
well as the assets of StudentCenter, to TMP Worldwide Inc. ("TMP") in exchange
for net proceeds of $600,000. In connection with the sale of About Work, the
Company paid the former owners of StudentCenter $520,000 and issued

                                      F-14

                         iVILLAGE INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

Note 6 -- Business Acquisitions and Dispositions

options to purchase 33,333 shares at $5.10 per share as settlement of certain
revenue-based and other bonus payments. The options were valued at
approximately $100,000. In addition, the Company accrued a cost of $340,000 in
connection with AOL carriage fees to be paid on behalf of TMP for About Work.
The Company recorded a loss of approximately $504,000 on this sale. An
additional $575,000 was received in exchange for production, sponsorship and
consulting services provided to TMP during 1998.

 iBaby

   In April 1998, the Company entered into a joint venture agreement (the
"iBaby Agreement") with Ourbaby, LLC, a California limited liability company,
to form iBaby, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("iBaby"). The Company purchased
1,000,000 shares of iBaby for approximately $1.35 million and for the delivery
of certain promotional rights, including impressions on the iVillage web site.
In connection with the acquisition, the Company recorded approximately
$500,000 of goodwill to be amortized over a period of three years.

   In March 1999, the Company purchased the remaining outstanding shares of
iBaby pursuant to a Rights Agreement dated as of April 8, 1998 and as
subsequently amended on February 10, 1999. The aggregate purchase price of
$10.8 million consisted of (i) $8 million in cash, of which $1.5 million was
paid on February 12, 1999 and $6.5 million was paid on March 25, 1999 and (ii)
125,448 shares of the Company's common stock. The difference between the
purchase price and the fair value of the acquired minority interest in iBaby
was recorded as goodwill and was being amortized over the period of expected
benefit, which was estimated at three years.

   The cost of this acquisition was allocated to the assets acquired and
liabilities assumed based upon their estimated fair values as follows:

      Working capital ...........................................   $  (452,752)
      Fixed assets ..............................................       399,181
      Goodwill ..................................................    11,064,324
                                                                    -----------
                                                                    $11,010,753
                                                                    ===========

   In June 2000, the Company decided to discontinue the operations of iBaby,
Inc. The company recorded a loss on disposal of approximately $7.1 million,
which includes a loss on sale of assets of approximately $3.6 million and an
estimated loss from operations during the phase - out period of approximately
$3.4 million. Results of these operations have been classified as discontinued
operations and all prior period results have been reclassified.

   In July 2000, the Company sold certain assets of iBaby, Inc. to
Babygear.com, Inc. Under the Asset Purchase Agreement dated July 6, 2000, the
Company received a convertible promissory note of approximately $9.7 million.
Pursuant to the terms of the Asset Purchase Agreement, in October 2000 the
note was converted into 890,198 shares of Babygear.com Series C Convertible
Preferred Stock. Subsequent to the conversion of the note, Babygear.com filed
for bankruptcy.

                                      F-15

                         iVILLAGE INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

Note 6 -- Business Acquisitions and Dispositions--(Continued)

   In calculating the loss on sale of assets, the Company valued the note at
$5.1 million as of June 30, 2000, due to uncertainties surrounding the
recoverability of the convertible note. At September 30, 2000, the convertible
note was fully reserved due to uncertainties surrounding Babygear.com's
ability to sustain their operations, and is included in the caption write-down
of note receivable and investments in the consolidated statements of
operations.

   The loss on sale of assets was calculated as follows (in thousands):

      Estimated value of convertible promissory note.......................    $ 5,100
      Inventory............................................................     (1,707)
      Fixed assets, net....................................................      ( 780)
      Goodwill, net........................................................     (6,231)
                                                                               -------
      Loss on sale of iBaby, Inc. assets...................................    $(3,618)
                                                                               =======

   Net revenue and loss from discontinued operations are as follows (in
thousands):

                                                         2000        1999       1998
                                                       --------    --------   --------

      Net revenue ..................................   $  4,891    $  7,986   $  2,561
                                                       --------    --------   --------
      Loss from discontinued operations, including
       loss on disposal ............................   $(11,922)   $(10,871)  $(1,794)
                                                       ========    ========   ========

   Net current liabilities of discontinued operations as of December 31, 2000
are as follows (in thousands):

      Other current assets...................................................    $   6
      Accounts payable and accrued expenses..................................     (888)
                                                                                 -----
      Net current liabilities of discontinued operations.....................    $(882)
                                                                                 =====

   Non-current assets of discontinued operations as of December 31, 2000 are as
follows (in thousands):

      Other assets............................................................    $ 56
                                                                                  ----
      Non-current assets of discontinued operations...........................    $ 56
                                                                                  ====

   The net assets of iBaby, Inc. as of December 31, 1999 are as follows (in
thousands):

      Inventory............................................................    $ 2,332
      Other current assets.................................................        657
      Fixed assets, net....................................................      1,313
      Goodwill, net........................................................      8,118
      Other assets.........................................................         56
      Accounts payable and accrued expenses................................     (1,662)
                                                                               -------
      Net assets of iBaby, Inc.............................................    $10,814
                                                                               =======

 Astrology.Net

   On February 18, 1999, iVillage acquired all of the outstanding stock of
KnowledgeWeb, Inc. d/b/a Astrology.Net, an Internet content provider, in
exchange for 802,125 shares of iVillage common stock and approximately $1.2
million in cash. The acquisition was accounted for using the purchase method
of accounting, with a purchase price of approximately $21 million based on the
$24.00 initial public offering price of iVillage's common stock and an
estimate for the value of Astrology.Net options assumed by iVillage. The
difference between the purchase price and the fair value of the acquired net
assets of Astrology.Net was

                                      F-16

                         iVILLAGE INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

Note 6 -- Business Acquisitions and Dispositions--(Continued)

recorded as goodwill and is being amortized over the period of expected
benefit, which is estimated to be three years.

   Of the 802,125 shares of common stock, (i) 326,331 shares were issued at the
closing, (ii) 75,000 shares were issued into escrow for 18 months to cover
possible indemnification claims, and (iii) the remaining 400,794 shares were
issued subject to earnout restrictions over five years.

   The first 75,000 shares to be released under the earnout will be placed into
the indemnification escrow. The earnout shares will be released as
Astrology.Net meets certain revenue targets during the three years following
closing. Any earnout shares not released during the first three years will be
released five years from closing. Through December 31, 2000 and 1999, 400,794
earnout shares and 150,592 earnout shares have been released, respectively. In
addition, all outstanding options to purchase Astrology.Net common stock were
converted into options to purchase 31,208 shares of iVillage common stock. The
Agreement provides for employment, non-compete and stock option agreements for
the founding stockholders of Astrology.Net.

   iVillage also issued to the founding stockholders of Astrology.Net options
to purchase 150,000 shares of iVillage common stock at an exercise price equal
to $24.00 per share. These options are contingent on continued employment with
Astrology.Net and vest over a period of seven years, with accelerated vesting
dependent on Astrology.Net meeting certain revenue targets.

 OnLine Psych and Code Stone

   On June 30, 1999, iVillage acquired OnLine Psychological Services, Inc.
("OnLine Psych") and Code Stone Technologies, Inc. OnLine Psych operates a Web
site focusing on mental health issues while Code Stone provides much of the
interactive technology used on OnLine Psych's Web site.

   The aggregate purchase price was approximately $30.0 million, consisting of
$1.5 million cash and approximately 577,000 shares of iVillage common stock,
valued under the purchase method of accounting. The difference between the
purchase price and the fair value of the acquired net assets was recorded as
goodwill and is being amortized over the period of expected benefit, which is
estimated to be three years. (See Note 4)

   iVillage also issued options to purchase shares of iVillage common stock to
certain employees of OnLine Psych. The options, which are contingent upon
continued employment with OnLine Psych, vest over a period of seven years,
with accelerated vesting dependent on OnLine Psych meeting certain revenue and
other performance targets.

 Lamaze Publishing Company

   On August 20, 1999, iVillage acquired all the outstanding stock of Lamaze
Publishing Company, a multimedia provider of education information to
expectant and new mothers. The aggregate purchase price consisted of
approximately 1,750,000 shares of the Company's common stock, subject to
certain adjustments, and approximately $5.0 million to repay outstanding debt.
The difference between the aggregate purchase price of approximately $102.3
million and the fair value of the acquired net assets of Lamaze Publishing
Company has been recorded as intangible assets and goodwill and is being
amortized over the period of expected benefit, which is estimated to be ten
years. (See Note 4)

 Family Point Inc.

   On August 31, 1999, iVillage acquired all of the outstanding stock of Family
Point Inc., the operator of a leading online meeting place for families,
friends and groups. The aggregate purchase price paid was approximately $24.4
million and consisted of $3.75 million cash and approximately 511,000 shares
of the Company's common stock. The difference between the purchase price and
the fair value of the acquired net

                                      F-17

                         iVILLAGE INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

Note 6 -- Business Acquisitions and Dispositions--(Continued)

assets of Family Point Inc. has been recorded as goodwill and is being
amortized over the period of expected benefit, which is estimated to be three
years. (See Note 4)

   In October 1999, iVillage paid $4.5 million, consisting of approximately
$750,000 cash and approximately 101,000 shares of iVillage common stock, to
the former stockholders of Family Point as a purchase price adjustment
pursuant to the acquisition agreement based on Family Point's satisfaction of
certain performance thresholds.

   The accompanying unaudited pro forma summary presents consolidated results
of operations for all of the acquisitions of the Company during 1999 and 1998
discussed above as if they had occurred on January 1, 1999 and 1998,
respectively. The pro forma information does not necessarily reflect the
actual results that would have been achieved, nor is it necessarily indicative
of future consolidated results of the Company.

                                                                 1999        1998
                                                              ---------    --------
                                                                  (in thousands,
                                                                 except per share
                                                                      data)

   Revenues ...............................................   $  53,409    $ 17,741
                                                              =========    ========
   Net loss ...............................................   $(137,685)   $(60,036)
                                                              =========    ========
   Net loss per share .....................................   $   (5.72)   $  (5.16)
                                                              =========    ========

Note 7 -- Detail of Certain Balance Sheet Accounts

                                                                   2000      1999
                                                                 -------    -------
                                                                   (in thousands)

   Other current assets:
      Prepaid expenses........................................   $ 3,179    $ 2,487
      Reimbursement of certain construction costs.............     5,349         --
      Prepaid advertising.....................................       250        514
      Due from affiliate......................................       565         --
      Other...................................................       357        192
                                                                 -------    -------
                                                                 $ 9,700    $ 3,193
                                                                 =======    =======
   Accounts payable and accrued expenses:
      Accounts payable........................................   $ 4,754    $ 5,231
      Sales commissions, payroll and related benefits.........     7,305      6,142
      Advertising expenses....................................     1,362        861
      Professional fees.......................................     1,144        655
      Due to affiliates.......................................       899         --
      Other...................................................     3,231      3,327
                                                                 -------    -------
                                                                 $18,695    $16,216
                                                                 =======    =======

Note 8 -- Stock Option Plans

 1995 Amended And Restated Employee Stock Option Plan

   In 1995, iVillage's Board of Directors and stockholders adopted the
Company's 1995 Amended and Restated Employee Stock Option Plan (the "ESOP"),
which was amended in May 1997. The ESOP provides for the granting, at the
discretion of the Stock Option Committee of the board of directors (the
"SOC"), of: (i) options that are intended to qualify as incentive stock
options, within the meaning of Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of
1986 (the "Code"), as amended, to employees and (ii) options not intended to
so qualify to employees, officers, consultants and directors. The total number
of shares of common stock for which options may be granted under the ESOP is
1,802,549.

                                      F-18

                         iVILLAGE INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

Note 8 -- Stock Option Plans--(Continued)

   The exercise price of all stock options granted under the ESOP is determined
by the SOC at the time of grant. The maximum term of each option granted under
the ESOP is 10 years from the date of grant. Options shall become exercisable
at such times and in such installments as the SOC shall provide in the terms
of each individual option.

   The exercise price of all of the options under the ESOP ranges from $2.48-
$72.92, and is determined based upon the fair market value of iVillage's
common stock on the date of grant. Generally, the options vest 25% after one
year, and then 0.0625% quarterly thereafter, unless the employee has over one
year of continuing service with iVillage, in which case, the options will vest
0.0625% every three months, and expire 5-10 years from the date of grant.

   As of December 31, 2000, there were 558,193 shares available for future
grants under the ESOP.

 1997 Amended and Restated Acquisition Stock Option Plan

   In May 1997, the Company's Board of Directors and stockholders adopted the
Company's 1997 Amended and Restated Acquisition Stock Option Plan (the
"ASOP"). The ASOP provides for the granting, at the discretion of the SOC of:
(i) options that are intended to qualify as incentive stock options, within
the meaning of Section 422 of the Code, as amended, to directors who are
employees of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, or as part of one or more
of such acquisitions and (ii) options not intended to so qualify to employees,
officers, consultants and directors of the Company, or as part of one or more
of such acquisitions. The total number of shares of common stock for which
options may be granted under the ASOP is 360,726.

   The exercise price of all stock options granted under the ASOP is determined
by the SOC at the time of grant. The maximum term of each option granted under
the ASOP is 10 years from the date of grant. Options shall become exercisable
at such times and in such installments as the SOC shall provide in the terms
of each individual option.

   Generally, the options vest 25% after one year, and then 0.0625% quarterly
thereafter, unless the employee has over one year of continuing service with
iVillage, in which case, the options will vest 0.0625% every three months, and
expire 7-10 years from the date of grant. The exercise price of all of the
options under the ASOP ranges from $1.76 to $6.00, and is determined based
upon the fair market value of the Company's common stock on the date of grant.

   As of December 31, 2000, no shares were available for future grants under
the ASOP.

 1999 Employee Stock Option Plan

   In 1999, iVillage's Board of Directors and stockholders adopted the
Company's Amended and Restated 1999 Employee Stock Option Plan (the "1999
ESOP"). The 1999 ESOP provides for the granting, at the discretion of the SOC,
of: (i) options that are intended to qualify as incentive stock options,
within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code, as amended, to employees and
(ii) options not intended to so qualify to employees, officers, consultants,
and directors. The total number of shares of common stock for which options
may be granted under ESOP is 2,840,163.

   The exercise price of all stock options granted under the 1999 ESOP is
determined by the SOC at the time of grant. The maximum term of each option
granted under the 1999 ESOP is 10 years from the date of grant. Options shall
become exercisable at such times and in such installments as the SOC shall
provide in the terms of each individual option.

   The exercise price of all of the options under the 1999 ESOP ranges from
$3.94-$113.75, and is determined based upon the fair market value of
iVillage's common stock on the date of grant. Generally, the options vest 25%
after one year, and then 0.0625% quarterly thereafter, unless the employee has
over one

                                      F-19

                         iVILLAGE INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

Note 8 -- Stock Option Plans--(Continued)

year of continuing service with iVillage, in which case, the options will vest
0.0625% every three months, and expire 5-10 years from the date of grant.

   As of December 31, 2000, there were 1,211,517 shares available for future
grants under the 1999 ESOP.

 1999 Acquisition Stock Option Plan

   In 1999, the Company's Board of Directors and stockholders adopted the
Company's 1999 Acquisition Stock Option Plan (the "1999 ASOP"). The 1999 ASOP
provides for the granting, at the discretion of the SOC, of: (i) options that
are intended to qualify as incentive stock options, within the meaning of
Section 422 of the Code, as amended, to employees of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries, or as part of one or more of such acquisitions and (ii) options
not intended to so qualify to employees, officers, consultants, and directors
of the Company, or as part of one or more of such acquisitions. The total
number of shares of common stock for which options may be granted under the
1999 ASOP is 333,333.

   The exercise price of all stock options granted under the 1999 ASOP is
determined by the SOC at the time of grant. The maximum term of each option
granted under the 1999 ASOP is 10 years from the date of grant. Options shall
become exercisable at such times and in such installments as the SOC shall
provide in the terms of each individual option.

   Generally, the options vest 25% after one year, and then 0.0625% quarterly
thereafter, unless the employee has over one year of continuing service with
iVillage, in which case, the options will vest 0.0625% every three months, and
expire 7-10 years from the date of grant The exercise price of all of the
options under the 1999 ASOP ranges from $5.10-$50.25, and is determined based
upon the fair market value of iVillage's common stock on the date of grant.

   As of December 31, 2000, there were 79,592 shares available for future
grants under the 1999 ASOP.

 1999 Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan

   In 1999, iVillage's Board of Directors adopted the Company's 1999 Non-
Qualified Stock Option Plan (the "NQSOP"). The NQSOP provides for the
granting, at the discretion of the SOC of the board of directors, of options
to employees. The total number of shares of common stock for which options may
be granted under the NQSOP is 4,182,000.

   The exercise price of all stock options granted under the NQSOP is
determined by the SOC at the time of grant. The maximum term of each option
granted under the NQSOP is 10 years from the date of grant. Options shall
become exercisable at such times and in such installments as the SOC shall
provide in the terms of each individual option.

   The exercise price of all of the options under the NQSOP ranges from $1.25-
$25.38, and is determined based upon the fair market value of iVillage's
common stock on the date of grant. The options vest 25% after one year, and
then 0.0625% quarterly thereafter, unless the employee has over one year of
continuing service with iVillage, in which case, the options will vest 0.0625%
every three months, and expire 10 years from the date of grant.

   As of December 31, 2000, there were 972,029 shares available for future
grants under the NQSOP.

 Director Option Plan

   In 1999, the Company's Board of Directors and stockholders adopted the
Company's 1999 Director Option Plan ("DOP"). The DOP provides for the
automatic grant of 1,666 non-qualified stock options to non-employee members
of the Company's Board of Directors on the date of each annual stockholders'
meeting. The total number of shares of common stock for which options may be
granted under the DOP is 133,333.

                                      F-20

                         iVILLAGE INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

Note 8 -- Stock Option Plans--(Continued)

   The exercise price of all stock options granted under the DOP is the fair
market value at the time of grant. The maximum term of each option under the
DOP is 10 years from the date of grant.

   The exercise price of all of the options under the DOP ranges from $7.50 to
$25.38, and is determined based upon the fair market value of the Company's
common stock on the date of grant. Generally, the options vest 25% on each
anniversary of the grant date.

   As of December 31, 2000, 48,339 shares were available for future grants
under the DOP.

   A summary of the status and activity of all of the Company's stock option
plans is as follows:

                                                                       Weighted
                                                                   Average Exercise
                                                       Options     Price Per Share
                                                     ----------    ----------------

   Outstanding, January 1, 1998 ..................      889,190         $ 4.97
   Granted .......................................    1,608,997         $ 6.35
   Exercised .....................................       (1,249)        $ 5.10
   Expired/Canceled ..............................     (232,673)        $ 4.99
                                                     ----------         ------
   Outstanding, December 31, 1998 ................    2,264,265         $ 5.95
   Granted .......................................    3,229,605         $27.38
   Exercised .....................................     (235,703)        $ 5.37
   Expired/Canceled ..............................     (346,964)        $17.28
                                                     ----------         ------
   Outstanding, December 31, 1999 ................    4,911,203         $19.27
   Granted .......................................    4,199,112         $ 7.90
   Exercised .....................................     (114,992)        $ 5.18
   Canceled ......................................   (2,575,099)        $18.07
                                                     ----------         ------
   Outstanding, December 31, 2000 ................    6,420,224         $12.53
                                                     ==========         ======
   Options exercisable at December 31, 2000 ......    1,851,947         $14.76
                                                     ==========         ======
   Options exercisable at December 31, 1999 ......    1,400,967         $10.57
                                                     ==========         ======
   Options exercisable at December 31, 1998 ......      592,283         $ 5.19
                                                     ==========         ======

   Information about stock options outstanding as of December 31, 2000 is as
follows:

                                                                Options Outstanding                Options Exercisable
                                                    ------------------------------------------    ----------------------
                                                       Number          Weighted       Weighted      Number      Weighted
                                                    Outstanding        Average         Average    Exercisable    Average
                                                         at           Remaining       Exercise        at        Exercise
          Actual Range of Exercise Prices             12/31/00     Contractual Life     Price      12/31/00       Price
    ---------------------------------------------   -----------    ----------------   --------    -----------   --------

   $  1.25 - $  1.76 ............................    1,349,901           8.4           $  1.26        24,849     $  1.66
   $  2.48 - $  3.50 ............................      257,515           9.1           $  3.33        53,957     $  2.76
   $  3.94 - $  5.10 ............................      803,306           6.0           $  5.07       570,403     $  5.10
   $  6.00 - $  8.96 ............................    1,462,892           5.5           $  6.96       391,841     $  6.44
   $  9.45 - $ 13.56 ............................      202,752           6.4           $ 11.88        49,187     $  9.45
   $ 15.25 - $ 22.19 ............................      453,055           6.1           $ 17.58         6,045     $ 15.41
   $ 23.44 - $ 34.13 ............................    1,571,305           6.4           $ 24.89       644,980     $ 25.12
   $ 35.94 - $ 50.25 ............................      307,840           5.5           $ 43.24       105,982     $ 43.34
   $ 55.25 - $ 72.94 ............................        8,459           5.1           $ 64.71         3,427     $ 66.01
   $ 94.94 - $113.75 ............................        3,199           5.0           $102.06         1,276     $101.84
                                                     ---------           ---           -------     ---------     -------
                                                     6,420,224           6.6           $ 12.53     1,851,947     $ 14.76
                                                     =========           ===           =======     =========     =======

                                      F-21

                         iVILLAGE INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

Note 8 -- Stock Option Plans--(Continued)

 Stock-Based Compensation

   The Company applies Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 25, "Accounting
for Stock Issued to Employees" and related interpretations in accounting for
its stock option issuances. The Company has adopted the disclosure-only
provisions of SFAS No. 123. Had compensation cost for the Company's stock
options been determined based on the fair value of the stock options at the
grant date for awards in 2000, 1999 and 1998 consistent with the provisions of
SFAS No. 123, the Company's net loss would have been adjusted to the pro forma
amounts indicated below:

                                                                                                          December 31,
                                                                                               ---------------------------------
                                                                                                  2000        1999        1998
                                                                                               ---------    ---------   --------
                                                                                               ($ in thousands, expect per share
                                                                                                             data)

   Net loss - as reported ..................................................................   $(191,428)   $(116,613)  $(43,654)
                                                                                               =========    =========   ========
   Net loss - pro forma ....................................................................   $(199,140)   $(123,771)  $(44,213)
                                                                                               =========    =========   ========
   Net loss attributable to common stockholders per share - as reported ....................   $   (6.45)   $   (5.58)  $ (21.11)
                                                                                               =========    =========   ========
   Net loss attributable to common stockholders per share - pro forma ......................   $   (6.71)   $   (5.92)  $ (21.38)
                                                                                               =========    =========   ========

   Because options vest over several years and additional option grants are
expected to be made in future years, the above pro forma results are not
representative of the pro forma results for future years.

   Prior to the Company's initial public offering the fair value of each option
grant was estimated using the minimum value method of the Black-Scholes option
pricing model which assumes no volatility. The weighted average assumptions
used for grants made in 2000, 1999 and 1998 are as follows:

                                                                                               Options granted during the
                                                                                                 year ended December 31,
                                                                                         ---------------------------------------
                                                                                          2000       1999       1999       1998
                                                                                         -------   --------    -------   -------
                                                                                                   Post-IPO    Pre-IPO
                                                                                                   --------    -------

   Risk-free interest rate...........................................................     6.04%      5.87%      4.86%      5.44%
   Expected option life..............................................................    4 years    4 years    5 years   5 years
   Dividend yield....................................................................     0.00%      0.00%      0.00%      0.00%
   Volatility........................................................................    110.00%    100.00%     0.00%      0.00%

 iBaby, Inc. 1998 Stock Option Plan

   In 1998, the Board of Directors and stockholders of iBaby adopted the iBaby,
Inc. 1998 Stock Option Plan ("iBaby SOP"). The iBaby SOP provided for the
granting, at the discretion of the iBaby Stock Option Committee ("iBaby SOC")
of: (i) options that are intended to qualify as incentive stock options,
within the meaning of the Code, to employees and (ii) options not intended to
so qualify to employees, officers, consultants and directors.

   The exercise price of all stock options granted under the iBaby SOP was
determined by the iBaby SOC at the time of grant. The maximum term of each
option granted under the iBaby SOP was seven years from the date of grant.
Options became exercisable at such time and in such installments as the iBaby
SOC provided in the terms of each individual option.

   Under the iBaby SOP, options to purchase 110,059 shares of iBaby common
stock were granted during the year ended December 31, 1998, with a weighted
average exercise price per share of $2.68 and a weighted average remaining
contractual life of 6.4 years. As of December 31, 1998, 184,059 shares
remained available for future grants. In March 1999, in conjunction with the
acquisition of the minority interest of iBaby (See

                                      F-22

                         iVILLAGE INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

Note 8 -- Stock Option Plans--(Continued)

Note 6), all outstanding options to purchase iBaby common stock were converted
into options to purchase shares of iVillage common stock.

 Family Point Inc. Stock Option Plan

   In 1998, the Board of Directors and stockholders of Family Point Inc.
adopted the Family Point Inc. Stock Option Plan ("Family Point SOP"). The
Family Point SOP provided for the granting, at the discretion of the Family
Point Stock Option Committee ("Family Point SOC") of: (i) options that are
intended to qualify as incentive stock options, within the meaning of the
Code, to employees and (ii) options not intended to so qualify to employees,
officers, consultants and directors.

   The exercise price of all stock options granted under the Family Point SOP
was determined by the Family Point SOC at the time of grant. The maximum term
of each option granted under the Family Point SOP was ten years from the date
of grant. Options became exercisable at such time and in such installments as
the Family Point SOC provided in the terms of each individual option.

   Under the Family Point SOP, options to purchase 91,402 shares of Family
Point common stock were granted from adoption through August 31, 1999, and as
of August 31, 1999, 58,598 shares remained available for future grants. In
August 1999, in conjunction with the acquisition of Family Point Inc. (See
Note 6), all outstanding options to purchase Family Point common stock were
converted into options to purchase shares of iVillage common stock.

Note 9 -- Commitments and Contingencies

 Leases

   The Company leases office and warehouse space, and equipment, under non-
cancelable operating leases expiring at various dates through April 2015. The
following is a schedule of future minimum lease payments under non-cancelable
operating leases as of December 31, 2000:

   Year ending December 31:                                          (in thousands)
   -------------------------                                         --------------

   2001..........................................................       $ 5,964
   2002..........................................................         5,127
   2003..........................................................         4,956
   2004..........................................................         4,961
   2005..........................................................         4,812
   Thereafter....................................................        43,470
                                                                        -------
                                                                        $69,290
                                                                        =======

   In March 2000, iVillage entered into a fifteen-year lease for approximately
105,000 square feet at 500-512 Seventh Avenue in which the Company has
consolidated its New York City operations. Pursuant to the terms of the lease,
iVillage anticipates receiving approximately $5.3 million for reimbursement of
certain construction expenses. The benefit of the reimbursement has been
deferred and will be recognized ratably over the life of the lease.
Subsequently, in January 2001, iVillage received a partial reimbursement of
construction costs of approximately $3.8 million.

   Rent expense from continuing operations was approximately $4.4 million, $1.3
million, and $.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998,
respectively.

 Joint Ventures

   On February 15, 2000, iVillage and Unilever PLC announced the formation of
an independently managed company to provide women within a highly focused
community, an array of interactive, customized

                                      F-23

                         iVILLAGE INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

Note 9 -- Commitments and Contingencies--(Continued)

online services, beauty and personal care products and personalized product
recommendations. Unilever PLC and iVillage plan to provide cash, intellectual
property, marketing and other resources. Unilever PLC will provide capital as
well as sponsorship and promotional initiatives. iVillage will provide its
Beauty channel, capital, intellectual property, services and promotion.
iVillage's funding obligations shall not exceed in the aggregate $1.5 million
in calendar year 2000 and $2.0 million in calendar year 2001, however any
unused funding for calendar year 2000 or 2001 may be carried over and used in
calendar year 2001 or 2002, respectively. As of December 31, 2000, iVillage
had not contributed any capital to the joint venture. During the year ended
2000, the Company recognized losses from the joint venture of approximately
$0.4 million.

   On July 19, 2000, iVillage, Tesco PLC, and Tesco.com announced the formation
of an international joint venture, iVillage UK Limited, to serve the women's
online market in the United Kingdom and the Republic of Ireland. iVillage UK
Limited functions as an independently managed entity and provides women in the
UK and the Republic of Ireland with a highly focused community and an array of
interactive, customized online solutions and services including content
channels, tools, planners, quizzes, message boards, chats and newsletters.
Tesco provides capital and promotional initiatives, and iVillage provides its
brand, intellectual property, content and consulting services.

   In December 2000, the Company entered into an exclusive licensing and
technology agreement with Hindustan Lever Limited to create a Web site
targeting women in India. As part of the licensing agreement, Hindustan Lever
Limited will pay an initial set-up fee for certain services and domain
knowledge and iVillage will receive an annual royalty on any revenue
generated. The agreement is subject to necessary regulatory approvals in
India.

 Litigation

   The Company has been involved in litigation relating to claims arising out
of its operation in the normal course of business, including a complaint filed
by a real estate broker alleging breach of contract. The Company does not
believe that an adverse outcome of any of these legal proceedings will have a
material adverse effect on the Company's results of operations.

Note 10 -- Capital Stock

 Convertible Preferred Stock

   In February 1998, the Company issued 13,000,000 shares of Series D
Convertible Preferred Stock ("Series D") in exchange for net proceeds of
approximately $31.5 million.

   In December 1998, the Company issued 11,730,948 shares of Series E
Convertible Preferred Stock ("Series E") through a private placement in
exchange for net proceeds of approximately $32.1 million.

   The holders of convertible preferred stock were entitled to receive
noncumulative dividends when and if declared by the Board. These dividends
were in preference to any declaration or payment of any dividend on the common
stock of the Company.

   All classes of convertible preferred stock were convertible into common
stock at prices and at times, subject to the provisions set forth in the
Company's restated Certificate of Incorporation, on a one for one basis. In
the event of a public offering of the Company's shares with gross proceeds and
an offering price as defined, the convertible preferred stock are
automatically converted into common stock on a one for one basis (on a pre-
split basis). The holders of Series B and B-1 shares received an additional
217,825 shares of common stock as a result of the anti-dilution provisions
contained in the Series B and Series B-1 agreements.

   As discussed in Note 1, in March 1999, upon the closing of the IPO, all
classes of outstanding convertible preferred stock converted into common stock
on a one for one ratio.

                                      F-24

                         iVILLAGE INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

Note 10 -- Capital Stock--(Continued)

   As discussed in Notes 5 and above, as of December 31, 2000 and 1999, the
Company has 945,536 and 990,434 warrants outstanding with a weighted average
exercise price of $13.24 and $12.49 per share, respectively. On January 1,
2001, 323,625 warrants with an exercise price of $15.45 expired.

 Reverse Stock Split

   On March 11, 1999, the Board of Directors effected a one-for-three reverse
common stock split. The Board also approved the adjustment of the common stock
par value to $.01 per share. The share and per share information in the
accompanying consolidated financial statements reflect the effect of this
reverse stock split for all periods presented.

Note 11 -- Income Taxes

   The components of the net deferred tax asset as of December 31, 2000 and
1999 consist of the following:

                                                                 2000        1999
                                                               --------    --------
                                                                  (In thousands)

   Operating loss carryforward .............................   $ 80,380    $ 60,860
   Depreciation and amortization ...........................      2,734       2,685
   Bad debt allowance and reserves .........................        413         313
                                                               --------    --------
   Net deferred tax asset ..................................     83,527      63,858
   Less, valuation allowance ...............................    (83,527)    (63,858)
                                                               --------    --------
   Deferred tax asset ......................................   $     --    $     --
                                                               ========    ========

   The difference between the Company's U.S. federal statutory rate of 35%, as
well as its state and local rate, net of a federal benefit, of 10%, when
compared to the effective rate is principally comprised of the valuation
allowance.

   As of December 31, 2000, the Company has a net operating loss carryforward
for federal income tax purposes of approximately $196.0 million, which begin
to expire in 2010. The net deferred tax asset has been fully reserved due to
the uncertainty of the Company's ability to realize this asset in the future.

                                      F-25

                         iVILLAGE INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

Note 12 -- Quarterly Results of Operations (unaudited)

   In June 2000, the Company decided to discontinue the operations of its
iBaby, Inc. subsidiary. Results of these operations have been classified as
discontinued operations and all prior period results have been restated. The
following is a summary of the quarterly results of operations for the years
ended December 31, 2000 and 1999:

                                                     March 31    June 30    September 30    December 31
                                                     --------    --------   ------------    -----------
                                                           (in thousands, except per share data)

Net revenues.....................................    $ 18,104    $ 19,392     $  20,191      $ 18,665
                                                     ========    ========     =========      ========
Gross margin.....................................    $ 11,485    $ 12,400     $  12,995      $ 11,876
                                                     ========    ========     =========      ========
Net loss from continuing operations..............    $(22,282)   $(28,007)    $(119,371)     $ (9,845)
                                                     ========    ========     =========      ========
Net (loss) income from discontinued operations...    $ (2,885)   $ (9,251)    $     409      $   (195)
                                                     ========    ========     =========      ========
Net loss.........................................    $(25,167)   $(37,258)    $(118,962)     $(10,040)
                                                     ========    ========     =========      ========
Basic and diluted net loss per share from
  continuing operations..........................    $  (0.75)   $  (0.94)    $   (4.02)     $  (0.33)
                                                     ========    ========     =========      ========
Basic and diluted net (loss) income per share
  from discontinued operations...................    $  (0.10)   $  (0.31)    $    0.02      $  (0.01)
                                                     ========    ========     =========      ========
Basic and diluted net loss per share.............    $  (0.85)   $  (1.25)    $   (4.00)     $  (0.34)
                                                     ========    ========     =========      ========

Net revenues.....................................    $  4,793    $  6,416     $   8,655      $ 16,712
                                                     ========    ========     =========      ========
Gross margin.....................................    $  1,072    $  3,531     $   4,771      $ 11,777
                                                     ========    ========     =========      ========
Net loss from continuing operations..............    $(39,805)   $(14,958)    $ (24,935)     $(26,044)
                                                     ========    ========     =========      ========
Net loss from discontinued operations............    $ (1,367)   $ (2,145)    $  (3,471)     $ (3,888)
                                                     ========    ========     =========      ========
Net loss.........................................    $(41,172)   $(17,103)    $ (28,406)     $(29,932)
                                                     ========    ========     =========      ========
Basic and diluted net loss per share from
  continuing operations..........................    $  (2.18)   $  (0.63)    $   (0.98)     $  (0.91)
                                                     ========    ========     =========      ========
Basic and diluted net loss per share from
  discontinued operations........................    $  (0.07)   $  (0.09)    $   (0.14)     $  (0.13)
                                                     ========    ========     =========      ========
Basic and diluted net loss per share.............    $  (2.25)   $  (0.72)    $   (1.12)     $ (1.04)
                                                     ========    ========     =========      ========

                                      F-26

                         iVILLAGE INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

Note 13 -- Subsequent Events

 Women.com

   On February 5, 2001, the Company signed a definitive agreement to acquire
all outstanding shares of Women.com Networks, Inc. The overall transaction has
an approximate aggregate value of $28.2 million.  Under terms of the merger
agreement, iVillage will issue 0.322 shares (subject to adjustment) of
iVillage Common Stock for each share of Women.com Common Stock on the closing
date of the acquisition, plus an aggregate amount of cash currently
anticipated to be approximately $250,000.

   The acquisition is subject to the approval of iVillage's stockholders and
Women.com's stockholders and other customary closing conditions.

   In addition, The Hearst Corporation and Women.com's other public
stockholders will have the opportunity to invest an aggregate of $20 million
in iVillage in exchange for approximately 9.3 million shares, and warrants to
purchase an additional approximately 2.1 million shares, of iVillage Common
Stock. The warrants are exercisable until December 31, 2004 at an exercise
price of $.01, but only if the average closing market price of iVillage Common
Stock, on any 15 consecutive trading days, has been above $3.75 per share. To
the extent any of Women.com's other stockholders do not purchase their pro
rata percentage of iVillage shares and warrants in this rights offering, The
Hearst Corporation has agreed to purchase any such shortfall.

   The Hearst Corporation has also committed to purchase from iVillage between
$15.0 and $21.0 million, of production and advertising services, over a three-
year period.

 NBC

   In February 2001, the Company further amended its November 1998 agreement
with NBC to provide for an extension of time during which iVillage must
purchase its advertising or promotional spots on the NBC network. The revised
terms require iVillage to purchase approximately $11.6 million of advertising
promotional spots between January 30, 2001 and December 31, 2002, with $3.0
million of such spots being telecast during the year 2001 and approximately
$8.6 million during the year 2002.

                                      F-27

                       REPORT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS

To the Board of Directors and
Stockholders of Women.com Networks, Inc.

   In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and the related
consolidated statements of operations, stockholders' equity (deficit) and cash
flows present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of
Women.com Networks, Inc. and its subsidiaries, at December 31, 2000 and 1999
and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three
years in the period ended December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998, in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
These financial statements are the responsibility of Women.com Networks,
Inc.'s management; our responsibility is to express an opinion on these
financial statements based on our audits. We conducted our audits of these
financial statements in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted
in the United States of America, which require that we plan and perform the
audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test
basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates
made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement
presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our
opinion.

   The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared
assuming that Women.com Networks, Inc. will continue as a going concern. As
discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, Women.com
Networks, Inc. has suffered recurring losses from operations which raises
substantial doubt about their ability to continue as a going concern.
Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2.
The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from
the outcome of this uncertainty.

                                                      PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
San Jose, California
February 14, 2001

                                      F-28

                            WOMEN.COM NETWORKS, INC.

                          CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
                    (in thousands, except per share amounts)

                                                                December 31,
                                                            --------------------
                                                              1999        2000
                                                            --------   ---------

                         ASSETS
Current assets:
 Cash and cash equivalents .............................    $ 87,242   $  30,135
 Accounts receivable, less allowance for doubtful
   accounts of $353 and $763, respectively..............      15,131       6,056
 Accounts receivable--related party ....................       1,197         604
 Prepaid and other current assets ......................       4,082       3,111
                                                            --------   ---------
    Total current assets ...............................     107,652      39,906
 Property and equipment, net ...........................       9,069      12,700
 Intangible assets, net ................................      53,651          --
 Restricted cash .......................................       1,447       1,520
 Other assets ..........................................         720       3,800
                                                            --------   ---------
     Total assets ......................................    $172,539   $  57,926
                                                            ========   =========

          LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
Current liabilities:
 Accounts payable ......................................    $  6,239   $   2,246
 Accounts payable--related party .......................         253         298
 Accrued liabilities ...................................       2,765       5,360
 Deferred revenue ......................................       5,208       2,632
                                                            --------   ---------
     Total current liabilities .........................      14,465      10,536
                                                            --------   ---------
Commitments and contingencies (Note 7)
Stockholders' equity:
 Preferred stock, par value: $.001
   Authorized: 5,000 shares. None issued and outstanding          --          --
 Common stock, par value: $.001
   Authorized: 195,000 shares
   Issued and outstanding: 45,704 shares at December 31,
   1999 and 47,247
    at December 31, 2000 ...............................          45          47
 Additional paid-in capital ............................     244,154     252,465
 Notes receivable from stockholders ....................         (44)        (44)
 Unearned compensation .................................      (3,059)       (865)
 Accumulated deficit ...................................     (83,022)   (204,213)
                                                            --------   ---------
     Total stockholders' equity ........................     158,074      47,390
                                                            --------   ---------
     Total liabilities and stockholders' equity ........    $172,539   $  57,926
                                                            ========   =========

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial
                                  statements.

                                      F-29

                            WOMEN.COM NETWORKS, INC.

                     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
                    (in thousands, except per share amounts)

                                                                                          Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                     --------------------------------
                                                                                       1998        1999        2000
                                                                                     --------    --------   ---------

Net revenues .....................................................................   $  7,247    $ 27,060   $  40,173
Revenues, related party ..........................................................         --       2,963       3,474
                                                                                     --------    --------   ---------
     Total net revenues ..........................................................      7,247      30,023      43,647
                                                                                     --------    --------   ---------
Operating expenses
 Production, product and technology ..............................................      6,124      23,678      40,447
 Sales and marketing .............................................................     12,262      36,050      45,954
 General and administrative ......................................................      1,928       8,006      11,918
 Amortization of acquired intangibles                                                     517      20,482      29,138
 Impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets and
   abandonment of certain tangible fixed assets ..................................         --          --      36,933
                                                                                     --------    --------   ---------
     Total operating expenses ....................................................     20,831      88,216     164,390
                                                                                     --------    --------   ---------
Loss from operations .............................................................    (13,584)    (58,193)   (120,743)
 Other income, net ...............................................................        539       1,420       3,552
 Loss on investment ..............................................................         --          --      (4,000)
                                                                                     --------    --------   ---------
Net loss .........................................................................    (13,045)    (56,773)   (121,191)
Dividend accretion on mandatorily redeemable convertible preferred stock .........       (570)       (295)         --
                                                                                     --------    --------   ---------
Net loss attributable to common stockholders .....................................   $(13,615)   $(57,068)  $(121,191)
                                                                                     ========    ========   =========
Basic and diluted net loss per share attributable to common stockholders .........   $ (10.52)   $  (2.11)  $   (2.59)
                                                                                     ========    ========   =========
Shares used in computing basic and diluted net loss per share ....................      1,294      27,062      46,803
                                                                                     ========    ========   =========

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial
                                  statements.

                                      F-30

                            WOMEN.COM NETWORKS, INC.

           CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT)
                                 (in thousands)

                                                                                                            Common
                                                                                       Convertible Units    Stock
                                                                                       -----------------    ------
                                                                                       Shares    Amount     Shares
                                                                                       -----      -----     -----

Balances, December 31, 1997........................................................        --   $     --       749
 Issuance of common stock pursuant to exercise of stock options ...................        --         --        73
 Issuance of common stock pursuant to acquisition of Wild Wild Web ................        --         --       675
 Issuance of warrants .............................................................        --         --        --
 Unearned compensation ............................................................        --         --        --
 Amortization of unearned compensation ............................................        --         --        --
 Accretion of mandatorily redeemable convertible preferred stock ..................        --         --        --
 Net loss .........................................................................        --         --        --
                                                                                       ------   --------    ------
Balances, December 31, 1998........................................................        --         --     1,497
 Issuance of common stock pursuant to exercise of stock options ...................        --         --       877
 Issuance of common stock pursuant to acquisition of HomeArts .....................        --         --    17,799
 Issuance of common stock pursuant to exercise of common and preferred stock
  warrants ........................................................................        --         --       180
 Issuance of restricted stock .....................................................        --         --        31
 Issuance of convertible units ....................................................     2,000     19,249        --
 Conversion of convertible units into common stock ................................    (2,000)   (19,249)    2,000
 Accretion of mandatorily redeemable convertible preferred stock ..................        --         --        --
 Conversion of preferred stock and warrants into common stock and warrants ........        --         --    13,438
 Issuance of common stock for cash ................................................        --         --     5,319
 Issuance of common stock pursuant to stock dividends .............................        --         --       250
 Issuance of common stock for cash in initial public offering, net of offering
  expenses of $1,944 ..............................................................        --         --     4,313
 Unearned compensation ............................................................        --         --        --
 Amortization of unearned compensation ............................................        --         --        --
 Net loss .........................................................................        --         --        --
                                                                                       ------   --------    ------
Balances, December 31, 1999........................................................        --         --    45,704
 Issuance of common stock pursuant to exercise of stock options ...................        --         --       409
 Issuance of common stock pursuant to employee stock purchase plan ................        --         --       419
 Issuance of common stock pursuant to acquisition of EZSharing.com ................        --         --       715
 Unearned compensation related to stock grants ....................................        --         --        --
 Cancellation of options upon termination .........................................        --         --        --
 Amortization of unearned compensation ............................................        --         --        --
 Net loss .........................................................................        --         --        --
                                                                                       ------   --------    ------
Balances, December 31, 2000........................................................        --   $     --    47,247
                                                                                       ======   ========    ======

                                                                                       Common
                                                                                       Stock    Additional
                                                                                       ------     Paid-In
                                                                                       Amount     Capital
                                                                                       -----      ------

Balances, December 31, 1997........................................................     $ 1      $    126
 Issuance of common stock pursuant to exercise of stock options ...................      --            15
 Issuance of common stock pursuant to acquisition of Wild Wild Web ................       2         1,753
 Issuance of warrants .............................................................      --           226
 Unearned compensation ............................................................      --         3,149
 Amortization of unearned compensation ............................................      --            --
 Accretion of mandatorily redeemable convertible preferred stock ..................      --            --
 Net loss .........................................................................      --            --
                                                                                        ---      --------
Balances, December 31, 1998........................................................       3         5,269
 Issuance of common stock pursuant to exercise of stock options ...................      --           462
 Issuance of common stock pursuant to acquisition of HomeArts .....................      18        85,332
 Issuance of common stock pursuant to exercise of common and preferred stock
  warrants ........................................................................      --             3
 Issuance of restricted stock .....................................................      --           231
 Issuance of convertible units ....................................................      --            --
 Conversion of convertible units into common stock ................................       2        19,247
 Accretion of mandatorily redeemable convertible preferred stock ..................      --            --
 Conversion of preferred stock and warrants into common stock and warrants ........      13        35,702
 Issuance of common stock for cash ................................................       5        55,682
 Issuance of common stock pursuant to stock dividends .............................      --            --
 Issuance of common stock for cash in initial public offering, net of offering
  expenses of $1,944 ..............................................................       4        38,159
 Unearned compensation ............................................................      --         4,067
 Amortization of unearned compensation ............................................      --            --
 Net loss .........................................................................      --            --
                                                                                        ---      --------
Balances, December 31, 1999........................................................      45       244,154
 Issuance of common stock pursuant to exercise of stock options ...................      --           625
 Issuance of common stock pursuant to employee stock purchase plan ................       1         1,232
 Issuance of common stock pursuant to acquisition of EZSharing.com ................       1         9,207
 Unearned compensation related to stock grants ....................................      --           378
 Cancellation of options upon termination .........................................      --        (3,131)
 Amortization of unearned compensation ............................................      --            --
 Net loss .........................................................................      --            --
                                                                                        ---      --------
Balances, December 31, 2000........................................................     $47      $252,465
                                                                                        ===      ========

                                                                                             Notes
                                                                                          Receivables
                                                                                       from Stockholders
                                                                                       ----------------

Balances, December 31, 1997........................................................          $(44)
 Issuance of common stock pursuant to exercise of stock options ...................            --
 Issuance of common stock pursuant to acquisition of Wild Wild Web ................            --
 Issuance of warrants .............................................................            --
 Unearned compensation ............................................................            --
 Amortization of unearned compensation ............................................            --
 Accretion of mandatorily redeemable convertible preferred stock ..................            --
 Net loss .........................................................................            --
                                                                                             ----
Balances, December 31, 1998........................................................           (44)
 Issuance of common stock pursuant to exercise of stock options ...................            --
 Issuance of common stock pursuant to acquisition of HomeArts .....................            --
 Issuance of common stock pursuant to exercise of common and preferred stock
  warrants ........................................................................            --
 Issuance of restricted stock .....................................................            --
 Issuance of convertible units ....................................................            --
 Conversion of convertible units into common stock ................................            --
 Accretion of mandatorily redeemable convertible preferred stock ..................            --
 Conversion of preferred stock and warrants into common stock and warrants ........            --
 Issuance of common stock for cash ................................................            --
 Issuance of common stock pursuant to stock dividends .............................            --
 Issuance of common stock for cash in initial public offering, net of offering
  expenses of $1,944 ..............................................................            --
 Unearned compensation ............................................................            --
 Amortization of unearned compensation ............................................            --
 Net loss .........................................................................            --
                                                                                             ----
Balances, December 31, 1999........................................................           (44)
 Issuance of common stock pursuant to exercise of stock options ...................            --
 Issuance of common stock pursuant to employee stock purchase plan ................            --
 Issuance of common stock pursuant to acquisition of EZSharing.com ................            --
 Unearned compensation related to stock grants ....................................            --
 Cancellation of options upon termination .........................................            --
 Amortization of unearned compensation ............................................            --
 Net loss .........................................................................            --
                                                                                             ----
Balances, December 31, 2000........................................................          $(44)
                                                                                             ====

                                                                                         Unearned     Accumulated
                                                                                       Compensation     Deficit
                                                                                       -----------       ------

Balances, December 31, 1997........................................................      $     --      $ (12,339)
 Issuance of common stock pursuant to exercise of stock options ...................            --             --
 Issuance of common stock pursuant to acquisition of Wild Wild Web ................            --             --
 Issuance of warrants .............................................................            --             --
 Unearned compensation ............................................................       (3,149)             --
 Amortization of unearned compensation ............................................         1,170             --
 Accretion of mandatorily redeemable convertible preferred stock ..................            --           (570)
 Net loss .........................................................................            --        (13,045)
                                                                                         --------      ---------
Balances, December 31, 1998........................................................        (1,979)       (25,954)
 Issuance of common stock pursuant to exercise of stock options ...................            --             --
 Issuance of common stock pursuant to acquisition of HomeArts .....................            --             --
 Issuance of common stock pursuant to exercise of common and preferred stock
  warrants ........................................................................            --             --
 Issuance of restricted stock .....................................................            --             --
 Issuance of convertible units ....................................................            --             --
 Conversion of convertible units into common stock ................................            --             --
 Accretion of mandatorily redeemable convertible preferred stock ..................            --           (295)
 Conversion of preferred stock and warrants into common stock and warrants ........            --             --
 Issuance of common stock for cash ................................................            --             --
 Issuance of common stock pursuant to stock dividends .............................            --             --
 Issuance of common stock for cash in initial public offering, net of offering
  expenses of $1,944 ..............................................................            --             --
 Unearned compensation ............................................................       (4,067)             --
 Amortization of unearned compensation ............................................         2,987             --
 Net loss .........................................................................            --        (56,773)
                                                                                         --------      ---------
Balances, December 31, 1999........................................................        (3,059)       (83,022)
 Issuance of common stock pursuant to exercise of stock options ...................            --             --
 Issuance of common stock pursuant to employee stock purchase plan ................            --             --
 Issuance of common stock pursuant to acquisition of EZSharing.com ................            --             --
 Unearned compensation related to stock grants ....................................          (378)            --
 Cancellation of options upon termination .........................................         3,131             --
 Amortization of unearned compensation ............................................         (559)             --
 Net loss .........................................................................            --       (121,191)
                                                                                         --------      ---------
Balances, December 31, 2000........................................................      $   (865)     $(204,213)
                                                                                         ========      =========

                                                                                            Total
                                                                                        Stockholders'
                                                                                       Equity (Deficit)
                                                                                       ---------------

Balances, December 31, 1997........................................................       $ (12,256)
 Issuance of common stock pursuant to exercise of stock options ...................              15
 Issuance of common stock pursuant to acquisition of Wild Wild Web ................           1,755
 Issuance of warrants .............................................................             226
 Unearned compensation ............................................................              --
 Amortization of unearned compensation ............................................           1,170
 Accretion of mandatorily redeemable convertible preferred stock ..................            (570)
 Net loss .........................................................................         (13,045)
                                                                                          ---------
Balances, December 31, 1998........................................................         (22,705)
 Issuance of common stock pursuant to exercise of stock options ...................             462
 Issuance of common stock pursuant to acquisition of HomeArts .....................          85,350
 Issuance of common stock pursuant to exercise of common and preferred stock
  warrants ........................................................................               3
 Issuance of restricted stock .....................................................             231
 Issuance of convertible units ....................................................          19,249
 Conversion of convertible units into common stock ................................              --
 Accretion of mandatorily redeemable convertible preferred stock ..................            (295)
 Conversion of preferred stock and warrants into common stock and warrants ........          35,715
 Issuance of common stock for cash ................................................          55,687
 Issuance of common stock pursuant to stock dividends .............................              --
 Issuance of common stock for cash in initial public offering, net of offering
  expenses of $1,944 ..............................................................          38,163
 Unearned compensation ............................................................              --
 Amortization of unearned compensation ............................................           2,987
 Net loss .........................................................................         (56,773)
                                                                                          ---------
Balances, December 31, 1999........................................................         158,074
 Issuance of common stock pursuant to exercise of stock options ...................             625
 Issuance of common stock pursuant to employee stock purchase plan ................           1,233
 Issuance of common stock pursuant to acquisition of EZSharing.com ................           9,208
 Unearned compensation related to stock grants ....................................              --
 Cancellation of options upon termination .........................................              --
 Amortization of unearned compensation ............................................            (559)
 Net loss .........................................................................        (121,191)
                                                                                          ---------
Balances, December 31, 2000........................................................       $  47,390
                                                                                          =========

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial
                                  statements.

                                      F-31

                            WOMEN.COM NETWORKS INC.

                     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
                                 (in thousands)

                                                                                                       Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                                 ----------------------------------
                                                                                                    1998        1999         2000
                                                                                                 ---------    ---------   ---------

Cash flow from operating activities:
 Net loss....................................................................................    $ (13,045)   $ (56,773)  $(121,191)
 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities, net of the
   effects of acquisitions:
 Depreciation and amortization of tangible assets............................................          323        1,682       5,088
 Amortization of intangibles.................................................................          517       20,482      29,138
 Impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets and abandonment of certain tangible fixed
   assets....................................................................................           --           --      36,933
 Provision for doubtful accounts.............................................................          248           77         410
 Amortization of stock-based compensation....................................................        1,170        2,987        (559)
 Loss on investment..........................................................................           --           --       4,000
 Issuance of common stock warrant in exchange for financing services.........................           15           --          --
 Issuance of restricted stock in exchange for services.......................................           --          231          --
 (Increase) decrease in accounts receivable..................................................       (1,728)     (11,239)      8,665
 (Increase) decrease in accounts zreceivable--related party..................................           --       (1,197)        593
 (Increase) decrease in prepaid and other current assets.....................................         (502)       5,040       1,121
 Increase in restricted cash.................................................................           --       (1,447)        (73)
 Increase in other long term assets..........................................................           --           --      (3,080)
 Increase (decrease) in accounts payable.....................................................        1,907        3,407      (3,993)
 Increase in accounts payable--related party.................................................           --          253          45
 Increase (decrease) in accrued liabilities..................................................          433       (1,679)      2,595
 (Decrease) increase in deferred revenue.....................................................       (1,031)       3,628      (2,576)
                                                                                                 ---------    ---------   ---------
    Net cash used in operating activities                                                         (11,693)     (34,548)     (42,884)
                                                                                                 ---------    ---------   ---------
Cash flows from investing activities:
 Acquisition of property and equipment.......................................................      (1,075)      (7,161)      (9,237)
 Acquisition of Internethoroscope.com, net of cash...........................................           --        (237)          --
 Acquisition of EZSharing.com, net of cash...................................................           --           --      (2,020)
 Acquisition of World Gaming Corporation, net of cash........................................           --       (9,155)       (503)
 Investment in Medical Self Care, Inc........................................................           --           --      (4,000)
 Acquisition of ParentTime website...........................................................           --           --        (321)
 Cash received from HomeArts acquisition.....................................................           --       12,907          --
                                                                                                 ---------    ---------   ---------
    Net cash used in investing activities....................................................       (1,075)      (3,646)    (16,081)
                                                                                                 ---------    ---------   ---------

                                      F-32

                            WOMEN.COM NETWORKS INC.

               CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS--(continued)
                                 (in thousands)

                                                                                                         Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                                     ------------------------------
                                                                                                       1998       1999       2000
                                                                                                     -------    --------   --------

Cash flows from financing activities:
 Proceeds from issuance of preferred stock and warrants and convertible units, net of issuance
   costs.........................................................................................     20,049      19,249         --
 Proceeds from issuance of common stock, net of issuance costs...................................         --      93,850         --
 Proceeds from issuance of common stock pursuant to employee stock purchase plan.................         --          --      1,233
 Proceeds from exercise of common stock options and warrants.....................................         15         465        625
 Principal payments under capital lease obligations..............................................        (50)       (15)         --
 Principal payment under term loan...............................................................       (244)       (348)        --
 Proceeds from notes payable.....................................................................        348          --         --
                                                                                                     -------    --------   --------
    Net cash provided by financing activities....................................................     20,118     113,201      1,858
                                                                                                     -------    --------   --------
 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents............................................      7,350      75,007    (57,107)
 Cash and equivalents at beginning of period.....................................................      4,885      12,235     87,242
                                                                                                     -------    --------   --------
 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period......................................................    $12,235    $ 87,242   $ 30,135
                                                                                                     =======    ========   ========
Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information:
 Revenue and advertising expense from barter transactions........................................    $   656    $    228   $     93
 Supplemental disclosure of noncash financing information:
   Accretion of preferred stock..................................................................    $   570    $    295   $     --
   Conversion of notes payable and accrued interest to preferred stock...........................    $ 2,017    $     --   $     --
   Unearned compensation related to stock options grants (cancellations), net....................    $ 3,149    $  4,067   $ (3,131)
   Unearned compensation related to stock grants.................................................    $    --    $     --   $    378
   Issuance of Series D mandatorily redeemable convertible preferred stock warrant in exchange
   for services..................................................................................    $   226    $     --   $     --
   Net exercise of preferred stock warrants......................................................    $    --    $     15   $     --
   Conversion of mandatorily redeemable convertible preferred stock and warrants and convertible
   units into common stock and warrants..........................................................    $    --    $ 54,904   $     --
 Liabilities assumed in connection with acquisition of Wild Wild Web, Inc.:
   Fair value of assets acquired.................................................................    $ 2,065
   Common stock issued...........................................................................     (1,755)
                                                                                                     -------
   Liabilities assumed...........................................................................    $   310
                                                                                                     =======
 Liabilities assumed in connection with acquisition of HomeArts:
   Fair value of assets acquired.................................................................               $ 76,148
   Cash received.................................................................................                 12,907
   Common stock issued...........................................................................                (85,350)
                                                                                                                --------
   Liabilities assumed...........................................................................               $  3,705
                                                                                                                ========
 Liabilities assumed in connection with acquisition of World Gaming Corporation:
   Fair value of assets acquired.................................................................               $  9,320
   Net cash paid.................................................................................                 (9,155)
                                                                                                                --------
   Liabilities assumed...........................................................................               $    165
                                                                                                                ========
 Liabilities assumed in connection with acquisition of EZSharing.com:
   Fair value of assets acquired.................................................................                          $ 11,228
   Common stock issued...........................................................................                            (9,208)
   Cash paid.....................................................................................                            (2,020)
                                                                                                                           --------
   Liabilities assumed...........................................................................                          $     --
                                                                                                                           ========

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial
                                  statements.

                                      F-33

                            WOMEN.COM NETWORKS, INC.

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Note 1 -- Formation and Business

   Women.com Networks ("Women.com"), a California corporation was incorporated
in October 1992 as Wire Networks, Inc. Women.com provides women with original
content, personalized services, community and shopping on the Internet.

   Effective January 29, 1999, Women.com entered into a joint venture agreement
with Hearst HomeArts, Inc. ("HomeArts"), a subsidiary of The Hearst
Corporation.

   Concurrent with the joint venture agreement, Women.com and HomeArts entered
a roll-up agreement whereby prior to an initial public offering Women.com and
HomeArts would merge and Women.com Networks LLC would be rolled up in
connection with such merger and Women.com Networks, Inc., a Delaware
corporation, would be the surviving entity. This roll-up and merger were
completed in August 1999. The corporation is authorized to issue 195,000,000
shares of $.001 par value common stock and 5,000,000 shares of $.001 par value
preferred stock. All share and per share data have been retroactively adjusted
to reflect the roll-up.

Note 2 -- Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

 Basis of presentation

   The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared
assuming that Women.com will continue as a going concern. Women.com has
suffered recurring losses from operations and has an accumulated deficit of
$204.2 million. Women.com has entered into a definitive agreement whereby
iVillage, Inc. would acquire all of the outstanding shares of Women.com (see
Note 13). If the sale does not happen, Women.com will need to raise additional
capital to fund their 2001 operations. There can be no assurance that the sale
to iVillage, Inc will occur or that Women.com will be successful in raising
additional funding if the sale does not occur. The consolidated financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome
of this uncertainty.

 Principles of consolidation

   These consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company
and its subsidiaries. All significant intercompany balances and transactions
have been eliminated.

 Use of estimates

   The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally
accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the
reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.
Significant estimates made by the Company include the useful lives of fixed
assets and the recoverability of fixed assets, goodwill and other intangible
assets and certain accruals.

 Cash and cash equivalents

   Women.com considers all highly liquid investments with original or remaining
maturities at the date of purchase of three months or less to be cash
equivalents. The majority of Women.com's cash and cash equivalents are held in
a short-term investment portfolio.

 Fair value of financial instruments

   Carrying amounts of Women.com's financial instruments including cash and
cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable and accrued
liabilities approximate fair value due to their short maturities.

                                      F-34

                            WOMEN.COM NETWORKS, INC.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

Note 2 -- Summary of Significant Accounting Policies--(Continued)

 Property and equipment

   Property and equipment are stated at cost and depreciated on a straight-line
basis over an estimated useful life of three years. Leasehold improvements are
amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives or the
term of the lease, whichever is shorter.

   Maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. When assets are
sold or retired, the cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed
from the accounts and any resulting gain or loss is included in operations.

 Intangible assets

   Goodwill and other intangible assets include advertising and viewership
base, trade name, assembled workforce and covenant not to compete. They are
carried at cost less accumulated amortization. Goodwill and other identifiable
intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over the estimated
periods of benefit, which range from two to five years.

 Impairment of long-lived assets

   Women.com evaluates the recoverability of long-lived assets in accordance
with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 121, "Accounting for the
Impairment of Long-Lived Assets and for Long-Lived Assets to be Disposed of"
("SFAS No. 121"). SFAS No. 121 requires recognition of impairment of long-
lived assets in the event the net book value of such assets exceeds the future
undiscounted cash flows attributable to such assets.

   Women.com also assesses the impairment of enterprise level goodwill
periodically in accordance with the provision of Accounting Principles Board
(APB) Opinion No. 17, Intangible Assets. An impairment review is performed
whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value
may not be recoverable. Factors Women.com considers important which could
trigger an impairment review include, but are not limited to, significant
underperformance relative to expected historical or projected future operating
results, significant changes in the manner of use of the acquired assets or
the strategy for the overall business, significant negative industry or
economic trends, a significant decline in stock price for a sustained period,
and our market capitalization relative to net book value. When Women.com
determines that the carrying value of goodwill and other intangible assets may
not be recoverable based upon the existence of one or more of the above
indicators of impairment, any impairment is measured based on a projected
discounted cash flow method using a discount rate commensurate with the risk
inherent in our current business model.

 Revenue recognition

   To date, Women.com's revenues have been derived primarily from the sale of
advertising contracts, advertising sponsorships and production contracts.
Sponsorship revenues are derived principally from contracts ranging from two
to six years in which Women.com commits to provide sponsors enhanced
promotional opportunities beyond traditional banner advertising. Sponsorship
agreements typically include the delivery of impressions, exclusive
relationships and the design and development of co-branded sites designed to
enhance the promotional objective of the sponsor. Women.com recognizes
sponsorship revenues as earned, which is generally ratably over the contract
period, provided that no significant obligations remain. To the extent that
committed obligations are not met, Women.com defers recognition of the
corresponding revenues until the obligations are met.

   Advertising revenues are derived principally from short-term advertising
contracts in which Women.com typically guarantees a minimum number of
impressions or pages to be delivered to users over a specified period of time
for a fixed fee. Advertising revenues are recognized ratably in the period in
which the advertising is displayed, provided that no significant obligations
remain. To the extent that minimum

                                      F-35

                            WOMEN.COM NETWORKS, INC.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

Note 2 -- Summary of Significant Accounting Policies--(Continued)

guaranteed page deliveries are not met, Women.com defers recognition of the
corresponding revenues until the guaranteed page deliveries are achieved.

   Sponsorship and advertising revenues were approximately 74%, 83% and 79% of
total revenues for the years ended December 31, 1998, 1999 and 2000,
respectively.

   Advertising revenues include barter revenues, which are the exchange by
Women.com of advertising space on Women.com's web sites for reciprocal
advertising space on other web sites. Women.com has adopted the provisions of
EITF 99-17 "Accounting for Advertising Barter Transactions" and revenues from
these barter transactions are recorded as advertising revenues at the fair
value of the advertising delivered only if the fair value of the advertising
surrendered in the barter transaction is determinable based on the Company's
own historical practice of receiving cash for similar advertising from buyers
unrelated to the counterparty in the barter transaction. Barter expenses are
recorded when Women.com's advertisements are run on the reciprocal web sites,
which is typically in the same period as when advertisements are run on
Women.com's web sites. Barter revenues represented 9% of net revenues for the
year ended December 31, 1998 and less than 1% of net revenues for the years
ended December 31, 1999 and 2000. 17.2 million impressions were surrendered
and received in the year ended December 31, 2000 in barter transactions for
which a fair value was not determinable under the provisions of EITF 99-17.

   Production revenues represent fees for content and site production.
Production revenues are derived from contracts in which Women.com designs and
develops content for third parties, for use principally on the Women.com
network. Women.com recognizes production revenues as earned, which is
generally on a time and material basis. To the extent that committed
obligations under production agreements are not met, revenue recognition is
deferred until the obligations are met.

   E-commerce revenues consist of commissions from the sale of magazine
subscriptions and books sold on the network, sales of services on Astronet
including personalized reports and readings and, to a lesser extent, payments
from affiliate sales programs. Affiliate program e-commerce net revenues are
recognized upon notification from the affiliate. Since Women.com does not meet
the definition of a principal in any of these transactions the Company reports
revenue net in accordance with the provisions of EITF 99-19 "Reporting Revenue
Gross as a Principal Versus Net as an Agent".

 Advertising

   Women.com expenses advertising costs as they are incurred. Advertising
expense for the years ended December 31, 1998, 1999 and 2000 was $4.0 million,
$13.5 million and $10.8 million, respectively.

 Income taxes

   Women.com accounts for income taxes using the liability method under which
deferred tax assets and liabilities are calculated using current tax laws and
rates in effect at the balance sheet date. A valuation allowance is recorded
when it is more likely than not that the net deferred tax asset will not be
recovered.

 Stock-based compensation

   Women.com accounts for its stock-based compensation in accordance with
Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 25 ("APB 25"), "Accounting for Stock
Issued to Employees." Women.com has elected to adopt the disclosure only
provisions of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123 ("SFAS
123"), "Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation," which also requires pro
forma disclosures in the financial statements as if the measurement provisions
of SFAS 123 had been adopted. Under APB 25, compensation expense is based on
the difference, if any, on the date of the grant, between the deemed fair
value of Women.com's stock and exercise price. Stock options issued to non-
employees have been accounted for in accordance with SFAS 123 and valued using
the Black-Scholes model.

                                      F-36

                            WOMEN.COM NETWORKS, INC.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

Note 2 -- Summary of Significant Accounting Policies--(Continued)

 Certain risks and concentrations

   The majority of Women.com's cash and cash equivalents as of December 31,
2000 are on deposit in a money market fund.

   Financial instruments which potentially subject Women.com to concentrations
of credit risk consist principally of trade accounts receivable.

   Women.com provides advertising to a variety of customers for placement on
its Web sites and generally does not require collateral. Although Women.com
maintains an allowance for potential credit losses that it believes to be
adequate, a payment default on a significant sale could materially and
adversely affect its operating results and financial condition. At December
31, 1998 one customer accounted for 10.6% of accounts receivable. No
individual customer accounted for 10% or more of accounts receivable at
December 31, 1999. At December 31, 2000 two individual customers accounted for
19.0% and 13.1% of accounts receivable. One individual customer accounted for
21% of revenues for the year ended December 31, 1998. No individual customer
accounted for 10% or more of revenues in either fiscal year 1999 or 2000.

   Women.com operates in a single business segment which is characterized by
rapid technological advances, changes in customer requirements and evolving
regulatory requirements and industry standards. Any failure by Women.com to
anticipate or to respond adequately to technological changes in its industry,
changes in customer requirements or changes in regulatory requirements or
industry standards, could have a material adverse affect on Women.com's
business and operating results.

   Women.com relies on a number of third party suppliers for various services,
including web hosting, banner advertising, delivery software and Internet
traffic measurement software.

 Net loss per share

   Basic net loss per share is computed by dividing the net loss attributable
to common stockholders for the period by the weighted average number of common
shares outstanding during the period. Diluted net loss per share is computed
by dividing the net loss for the period by the weighted average number of
common and common stock equivalent shares outstanding during the period.
Common equivalent shares, composed of common shares issuable upon the exercise
of stock options and warrants and upon conversion of mandatorily redeemable
convertible preferred stock, are included in the diluted net loss per share to
the extent such shares are dilutive.

   The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted net loss
per share for the periods indicated, (in thousands, except per share amounts):

                                                                              Year Ended December 31,
                                                                         --------------------------------
                                                                           1998        1999        2000
                                                                         --------    --------   ---------

   Numerator:
    Net loss .........................................................   $(13,045)   $(56,773)  $(121,191)
    Accretion of mandatorily redeemable convertible preferred stock
      to redemption value.............................................       (570)       (295)         --
                                                                         --------    --------   ---------
   Net loss attributable to common stockholders ......................   $(13,615)   $(57,068)  $(121,191)
                                                                         ========    ========   =========
   Denominator:
    Shares used in computing basic and diluted net loss per share ....      1,294      27,062      46,803
                                                                         ========    ========   =========
    Basic and diluted net loss per share attributable to common
      stockholders....................................................   $ (10.52)   $  (2.11)  $   (2.59)
                                                                         ========    ========   =========
    Antidilutive securities including options, warrants, preferred
      stock and convertible units not included in net loss per share
      calculation.....................................................     18,607       8,091       7,343
                                                                         ========    ========   =========

                                      F-37

                            WOMEN.COM NETWORKS, INC.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

Note 2 -- Summary of Significant Accounting Policies--(Continued)

 Comprehensive income

   Effective January 1, 1998, Women.com adopted the provisions of SFAS No. 130,
"Reporting Comprehensive Income." This statement requires companies to
classify items of other comprehensive income by their components in the
financial statements and display the accumulated balance of other
comprehensive income separately from retained earnings in the equity section
of a statement of financial position. To date, Women.com has not had any
transactions that are required to be reported in comprehensive income.

 Recent accounting pronouncements

   In June 1998, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards No. 133, (SFAS 133), "Accounting for Derivative
Instruments and Hedging Activities." SFAS 133 establishes new standards of
accounting and reporting for derivative instruments and hedging activities.
SFAS 133 requires that all derivatives be recognized at fair value in the
statement of financial position, and that the corresponding gains or losses be
reported either in the statement of operations or as a component of
comprehensive income, depending on the type of hedging relationship that
exists. In July, 1999, the Financial Accounting Standard Boards issued SFAS
No. 137, ("SFAS 137"), "Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging
Activities -- Deferral of the Effective Date of SFAS No. 133." SFAS 137
deferred the effective date of SFAS 133 until the first fiscal quarter of the
fiscal year beginning after June 15, 2000. The adoption of SFAS 133 and SFAS
137 is not expected to have a material effect on the Company's financial
position or results of operations.

   In December 1999, the SEC issued Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 101 ("SAB
101"), Revenue Recognition in Financial Statements." SAB 101 summarizes
certain of the SEC's views in applying generally accepted accounting
principles to revenue recognition in financial statements. Management does not
expect the adoption of SAB 101 to have a material effect on the Company's
financial position or results of operations. The Company was required to adopt
SAB 101 in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2000. The adoption of SAB 101 did not
have a material effect on the Company's financial position or results of
operations.

   In March 2000, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued FASB
Interpretation No. 44 ("FIN 44"), "Accounting for Certain Transactions
Involving Stock Compensation -- an Interpretation of APB 25." FIN 44 becomes
effective July 1, 2000, but certain conclusions cover specific events that
occur after either December 15, 1998 or January 12, 2000. The adoption of FIN
44 did not have a material effect on the Company's financial position or
results of operations.

Note 3 -- Acquisitions

   Effective January 29, 1999, Women.com Networks and HomeArts entered into a
joint venture agreement as described in Note 1. Under the terms of the
agreement, Women.com Networks and HomeArts contributed their businesses to
Women.com Networks LLC. Under the terms of the agreement Women.com Networks
and HomeArts each have fifty percent voting interest, except that Women.com
Networks had the sole authority to initiate an initial public offering. In
addition, senior-management of the joint venture is comprised solely of
Women.com Networks management. Given these facts and that Women.com, on a
fully diluted basis owned 53.6% of Women.com Networks LLC, Women.com was
determined to be the accounting acquirer pursuant to Staff Accounting Bulletin
Topic 2-A2.

   The acquisition has been accounted for using the purchase method of
accounting and accordingly, the purchase price has been allocated to the
tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed on the basis
of their respective fair values on the acquisition date. The fair value of net
assets acquired was determined by an independent appraiser.

   The acquisition has been structured as a tax free exchange of stock,
therefore, the differences between the recognized fair values of the acquired
assets, including tangible assets and their historical tax bases are

                                      F-38

                            WOMEN.COM NETWORKS, INC.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

Note 3 -- Acquisitions--(Continued)

not deductible for tax purposes. Women.com Networks LLC elected to be taxed as
a partnership beginning with the formation of the joint venture and until
Women.com Networks LLC was rolled up into Women.com Networks, Inc. in
connection with an initial public offering. As a consequence, for this period
the federal and state tax effects of the tax losses will be recorded by the
members of the joint venture in their respective income tax returns.

   The allocation of the purchase price is summarized below (in thousands):

      Intangibles..........................................................    $14,078
      Goodwill.............................................................     49,470
      Prepaid advertising..................................................      5,680
      Property and equipment...............................................      2,044
      Net current assets...................................................     15,166
                                                                               -------
      Total purchase price.................................................    $86,438
                                                                               =======

   Intangibles include advertising and viewership base and assembled workforce.
The excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net tangibles and
identifiable intangible assets acquired has been recorded as goodwill. The
intangibles and goodwill are being amortized on a straight-line basis over a
period of two to five years.

   On June 4, 1999, Women.com acquired all of the outstanding stock of
Internethoroscopes.com International. The acquisition has been accounted for
using the purchase method of accounting. The purchase price of $237,000 has
been allocated to the intangible asset (viewership base) acquired.

   On December 10, 1999, Women.com acquired substantially all of the assets of
World Gaming Corporation, a Pennsylvania corporation for approximately $9.4
million in cash. The transaction was accounted for using the purchase method
of accounting and accordingly, the purchase price was allocated to the assets
acquired and liabilities assumed based on their fair market values at the date
of acquisition, as follows (in thousands):

      Intangible asset -- viewership base...................................    $3,834
      Goodwill..............................................................     5,001
      Net assets............................................................       580
                                                                                ------
      Total purchase price..................................................    $9,415
                                                                                ======

   The excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net tangible and
identifiable intangible assets acquired has been recorded as goodwill. The
intangibles and goodwill are being amortized on a straight-line basis over a
period of three years.

   During 2000, an additional $503,000 was paid in connection with the
acquisition of World Gaming Corporation. This amount was recorded as
additional goodwill.

   On February 14, 2000, Women.com acquired EZSharing.com, Inc. for
consideration of $2.0 million in cash and 715,215 shares of common stock. The
common stock was valued at approximately $9.2 million dollars in accordance
with Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 16 ("APB 16"). This acquisition
has been accounted for using the purchase method of accounting. The total
purchase price of $11.2 million has been allocated as follows and the goodwill
and intangible assets acquired are being amortized over their estimated useful
economic life of 3 years (in thousands):

      Intangible asset -- assembled workforce..............................    $   350
      Goodwill.............................................................     10,378
      Net assets...........................................................        500
                                                                               -------
      Total purchase price.................................................    $11,228
                                                                               =======

                                      F-39

                            WOMEN.COM NETWORKS, INC.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

Note 3 -- Acquisitions--(Continued)

   The following unaudited pro forma financial information reflects the results
of operations for the years ended December 31, 1999 and 2000 as if the
acquisitions of World Gaming Corporation, HomeArts, HomeArts' acquisition of
Astronet and EZSharing.com had occurred on January 1, 1999 and 2000,
respectively after including the impact of certain adjustments such as
increased amortization expense due to the recording of intangible assets.
These pro forma results have been prepared for comparative purposes only and
do not purport to be indicative of what operating results would have been had
the acquisitions actually taken place on January 1, 1999 or 2000, and may not
be indicative of future operating results (in thousands, except per share
amounts):

                                                        Year Ended      Year Ended
                                                       December 31,    December 31,
                                                           1999            2000
                                                       ------------    ------------

   Net revenues ....................................     $ 32,597       $  43,647
   Loss from operations ............................      (68,596)       (121,502)
   Net loss attributable to common stockholders ....      (67,481)       (121,502)
   Pro forma basic and diluted net loss per share ..     $  (1.90)      $   (2.56)

Note 4 -- Balance Sheet Components (in thousands)

                                                                    December 31,
                                                                  -----------------
                                                                   1999      2000
                                                                 -------    -------

   Accounts receivable, less allowance for doubtful accounts
    Accounts receivable -- billed ............................   $14,981    $ 6,389
    Accounts receivable -- unbilled ..........................       503        430
    Allowance for doubtful accounts ..........................      (353)      (763)
                                                                 -------    -------
                                                                 $15,131    $ 6,056
                                                                 =======    =======
   Prepaid and other current assets
    Prepaid advertising ......................................   $ 3,000    $   613
    Prepaid distribution .....................................        --      1,625
    Other prepaid expenses and current assets ................     1,082        873
                                                                 -------    -------
                                                                 $ 4,082    $ 3,111
                                                                 =======    =======
   Property and equipment, net
    Computer equipment and software ..........................   $ 9,248    $15,000
    Furniture and fixtures ...................................       969      1,297
    Leasehold improvements ...................................     1,188      3,304
                                                                 -------    -------
                                                                  11,405     19,601
    Less accumulated depreciation and amortization ...........    (2,336)    (6,901)
                                                                 -------    -------
                                                                 $ 9,069    $12,700
                                                                 =======    =======

   As of December 31, 2000, Women.com identified certain tangible fixed assets
that are not currently being used in the Company's operations and, therefore,
have no value to the company. The net book value of these assets, totaling
$1.1 million, was written off in the financial statements for the year ended
December 31, 2000.

                                                                      December 31,
                                                                      -------------
                                                                     1999     2000
                                                                     ----    ------

   Other assets
    Prepaid advertising ..........................................   $567    $   --
    Deferred cost ................................................     --     3,536
    Other assets .................................................    153       264
                                                                     ----    ------
                                                                     $720    $3,800
                                                                     ====    ======

                                      F-40

                            WOMEN.COM NETWORKS, INC.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

Note 4 -- Balance Sheet Components (in thousands)--(Continued)

   Deferred cost of $3.5 million represents amounts paid to a customer in
connection with entering into an agreement to purchase $15 million of
advertising on the Women.com network. This amount will be amortized against
revenue as it is earned and recognized.

                                                                     December 31,
                                                                    ---------------
                                                                    1999      2000
                                                                   ------    ------

   Accrued liabilities
    Online distribution ........................................   $  277    $2,440
    Accrued compensation and related benefits ..................    2,187     1,053
    Other accrued liabilities ..................................      301     1,867
                                                                   ------    ------
                                                                   $2,765    $5,360
                                                                   ======    ======

Note 5 -- Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets

   During the fourth quarter of 2000, Women.com performed an impairment
assessment of the identifiable intangible assets and goodwill recorded upon
the acquisitions of Wild Wild Web, Inc., HomeArts, Internethoroscopes.com
International, World Gaming Corporation and EZSharing.com, Inc. The assessment
was performed primarily due to the significant decline in Women.com's stock
price since the date the shares issued in each acquisition were valued and the
overall decline in internet advertising revenue growth. As a result of the
review, Women.com recorded a $35.9 million impairment charge for goodwill and
other intangible assets. The charge was determined based upon the estimated
discounted cash flows using a discount rate of 20%. The assumptions supporting
the cash flows including the discount rate were determined using the best
available estimates.

   Amortization expense for goodwill and intangible assets for the years ended
December 31, 1998, 1999 and 2000 was approximately $0.5 million, $20.5 million
and $29.1 million, respectively. Goodwill, intangible assets and the related
accumulated amortization as of December 31, 1999 and 2000 was as follows:

                                                                   December 31,
                                                                -------------------
                                                                 1999        2000
                                                               --------    --------

   Intangible assets
    Advertising and viewership base ........................   $ 17,515    $ 17,515
    Assembled workforce ....................................      1,872       2,222
    Covenant not to compete ................................         66          66
    Goodwill ...............................................     54,985      65,987
    Tradename ..............................................        212         212
                                                               --------    --------
                                                                 74,650      86,002
    Less accumulated amortization ..........................    (20,999)    (50,137)
    Impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets .....         --     (35,865)
                                                               --------    --------
                                                               $ 53,651    $     --
                                                               ========    ========

Note 6 -- Deferred Revenue

   In connection with the issuance of Women.com's Series C preferred stock in
July and August 1997, Women.com entered into investment agreements with two
stockholders. Under the terms of the agreements, Women.com's right to retain
$1,500,000 and $1,250,000 in proceeds from each of the two stockholders,
respectively, is contingent upon Women.com's development of web sites in
accordance with the timetable and requirements set forth in the agreements. In
the event of discontinuation of the projects, the unused portion may be
returned or allocated for use on another project. Women.com had deferred the
$1,500,000 and $1,250,000 and was recognizing revenues in accordance with
development efforts. Women.com recognized

                                      F-41

                            WOMEN.COM NETWORKS, INC.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

Note 6 -- Deferred Revenue--(Continued)

revenues related to these agreements totaling $1,987,000 in 1998 and $763,000
in 1999. All revenues under these contracts were recognized as of December 31,
1999.

Note 7 -- Commitments and Contingencies

   Women.com leases its offices under noncancelable operating leases which
expire through 2009. Women.com is committed to pay a portion of the building's
operating expenses as determined under the agreements.

   At December 31, 2000, future minimum lease payments are as follows (in
thousands):

      2001.................................................................    $ 3,113
      2002.................................................................      3,202
      2003.................................................................      1,792
      2004.................................................................      1,349
      2005.................................................................      1,490
      Thereafter...........................................................      5,959
                                                                               -------
                                                                               $16,905
                                                                               =======

   Rent expense was $604,000, $1,415,000 and $3,524,000 for the years ended
December 31, 1998, 1999 and 2000, respectively.

 Letter of credit

   In August 1999, Women.com entered into a 10 year operating lease to commence
January 1, 2000 which is collateralized by an irrevocable standby letter of
credit with a U.S. financial institution. The letter of credit is for
approximately $1.4 million and expires on January 31, 2001 with automatic one
year renewals at the option of the financial institution. In January 2001,
Women.com received notification that the letter of credit would not be
renewed. (See Note 13.)

   The cash deposit collateralizing the letter of credit is reflected as
restricted cash as of December 31, 1999 and 2000.

 Advertising

   In 1998, 1999 and 2000, Women.com entered into certain non-cancelable on-
line distribution agreements. As of December 31, 2000, $3.6 million of minimum
payments are due in 2001.

 Royalties

   In connection with the acquisition of HomeArts in 1999 (See Note 3),
Women.com agreed to pay Hearst a royalty on the net advertising revenues
generated from the Hearst magazine sites on the Women.com network or from
proprietary Hearst content, until such time as Hearst has recouped the
cumulative production costs incurred in the ongoing production of the Hearst
magazine sites. The minimum aggregate royalty payable under this agreement is
$6 million with a maximum amount payable in any year of $5 million.
Thereafter, a royalty shall be payable, calculated as a percentage of the net
advertising revenues dependent on the gross revenues generated. For the years
ended December 31, 2000 and 1999, Women.com recorded a $1.3 million and
$404,000 royalty to Hearst, respectively. As of December 31, 2000 the future
minimum aggregate royalty payable under this agreement is $4.3 million.

                                      F-42

                            WOMEN.COM NETWORKS, INC.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

Note 7 -- Commitments and Contingencies--(Continued)

 Litigation

   From time to time, the Company may be involved in litigation arising out of
claims in the normal course of business. Based upon the information presently
available, including discussion with outside legal counsel, management
believes that there are no claims or actions pending or threatened against the
Company, the ultimate resolution of which will have a material adverse effect
on the Company's financial position, liquidity or results of operations.

Note 8 -- Mandatory Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock

   All mandatorily redeemable convertible preferred stock was converted into
common stock in August 1999 upon the consummation of the merger and roll-up of
Women.com Networks LLC.

 Convertible Preferred Stock Warrants

   In 1994, in conjunction with a capital lease agreement, Women.com issued
fully exercisable nontransferable warrants to purchase 22,222 shares of its
Series A preferred stock at a price of $1.35 per share. The warrants expire
December 2004. The fair value of these warrants is not material to the
financial statements.

   In 1997, in conjunction with the issuance of Series C preferred stock,
Women.com issued fully exercisable nontransferable warrants to purchase
1,331,498 shares of Series C preferred stock at a price of $3.04 per share and
443,832 shares of Series C preferred stock at a price of $3.95 per share.
Warrants for 887,665 shares expire in August 2000 and warrants for 887,665
shares expire in October 2000 and have been valued, in aggregate, at $500,000
using the Black-Scholes option pricing model.

   In 1998, in conjunction with a financing arrangement, Women.com issued to
Imperial Bank fully exercisable warrants to purchase 8,224 shares of Series D
preferred stock at an exercise price of $3.29 per share. The warrants expire
April 9, 2003. Women.com valued the warrant using the Black-Scholes option
pricing model. The fair value was recorded as a discount to the amount
borrowed and is being amortized to interest expense.

   All warrants to acquire convertible preferred stock were converted into
warrants to acquire common stock in August 1999 upon the consummation of the
merger and roll-up of Women.com Networks LLC.

   The warrants issued to Imperial Bank in 1998 were net exercised in the year
ended December 31, 1999 for 6,887 shares of common stock.

Note 9 -- Stockholders' Equity

 Common Stock

   Each share of common stock has the right to one vote. The holders of common
stock are also entitled to receive dividends whenever funds are legally
available and when declared by the Board of Directors, subject to the prior
rights of holders of all classes of stock at the time outstanding having
priority rights as to dividends.

   At December 31, 2000, the Company had reserved shares of common stock for
future issuance as follows (in thousands):

      Warrants..............................................................        22
      Stock grants..........................................................       890
      Stock option plan.....................................................    13,264
                                                                                ------
                                                                                14,176
                                                                                ======

                                      F-43

                            WOMEN.COM NETWORKS, INC.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

Note 9 -- Stockholders' Equity--(Continued)

 Common Stock Warrants

   In February 1996, in conjunction with a facility lease agreement, Women.com
issued fully exercisable and transferable warrants to purchase 21,357 shares
of common stock at a price of $0.13 per share. These warrants, which were
granted at the fair market value of the common stock at the date of grant as
determined by the Board of Directors, expire on February 15, 2006. The fair
value of these warrants is not material to the financial statements.

   In connection with its Series C preferred stock offering, Women.com issued
warrants to an investment banker to purchase up to 89,167 shares of
Women.com's common stock, at an exercise price of $3.00 per share. These
warrants are fully exercisable for a period of five years expiring in July and
August 2002 or upon an initial public offering. The fair value of these
warrants is not material to the financial statements.

   In connection with its Series D preferred stock offering, Women.com issued
to an investment banker warrants to purchase up to 150,703 shares of
Women.com's common stock, at an exercise price of $3.95 per share. These
warrants are fully exercisable and expire at the earlier of July 2003 or upon
an initial public offering. Women.com valued the warrants using the Black-
Scholes option pricing model. The fair value was recorded as issuance costs.
Warrant activity is as follows (in thousands):

                                                                                 Warrants Outstanding
                                                                             ----------------------------
                                                                                       Exercise
                                                                             Shares     Price      Amount
                                                                             ------    --------   -------

   Balance, December 31, 1997 ............................................      110               $   270
    Warrants granted .....................................................      151     $3.95         596
                                                                             ------               -------
   Balance, December 31, 1998 ............................................      261                   866
    Warrants exercised ...................................................      (21)    $ .13          (3)
    Conversion of preferred stock warrants ...............................    1,798     $3.24       5,831
    Warrants, net exercised ..............................................     (240)    $3.60        (863)
                                                                             ------               -------
   Balance, December 31, 1999 ............................................    1,798                 5,831
    Expiration of warrants ...............................................   (1,776)    $3.27      (5,801)
                                                                             ------               -------
   Balance, December 31, 2000 ............................................       22               $    30
                                                                             ======               =======

Note 10 -- Employee Benefit Plans

 401(k) Savings Plan

   Women.com's 401(k) savings plan (the "401(k) Plan") is a defined
contribution retirement plan intended to qualify under Section 401(a) and
401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code. All full-time employees of Women.com are
eligible to participate in the 401(k) Plan pursuant to the terms of the Plan.
Contributions by Women.com are discretionary and no contributions have been
made by Women.com for the years ended December 31, 1998, 1999 and 2000.

 Stock Option Plan

   Under Women.com's 1994 Stock Option Plan and 1998 Equity Incentive Plan,
shares of Women.com's common stock have been reserved for the grant of stock
purchase rights and stock options to employees, directors, or consultants
under terms and provisions established by the Board of Directors. Under the
terms of the Plans, incentive options may be granted to employees, and
nonstatutory options and stock purchase rights may be granted to employees and
consultants at prices no less than 100% and 85%, respectively, of the fair
market value of Women.com's common stock at the date of grant, as determined
by the Board of Directors. The options vest at a rate of 25% or 20% per year
over a period of four or five years and expire ten years

                                      F-44

                            WOMEN.COM NETWORKS, INC.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

Note 10 -- Employee Benefit Plans--(Continued)

after the date of grant. In addition, under the 1994 Stock Option Plan,
Women.com has a repurchase right for shares exercised when an employee ceases
to be employed by Women.com.

   The following table summarizes activity under the Plans (in thousands,
except per share amounts):

                                                                 Options Outstanding
                                                           --------------------------------
                                                                       Weighted
                                              Shares                    Average
                                          Available for    Number of   Exercise
                                              Grant         Shares       Price      Amount
                                          -------------    ---------   --------    --------

   Balance, December 31, 1997 .........          650         1,266       $ .28     $    353
    Additional shares reserved ........        1,850            --                       --
    Options granted ...................       (2,111)        2,111        1.65        3,493
    Options canceled ..................          202          (202)        .37          (75)
    Options exercised .................           --           (73)        .20          (15)
                                              ------        ------                 --------
   Balance, December 31, 1998 .........          591         3,102        1.21        3,756
    Additional shares reserved ........        5,000            --                       --
    Restricted stock grant ............          (79)           --                       --
    Options granted ...................       (4,603)        4,603        9.58       44,091
    Options canceled ..................          536          (536)       4.24       (2,273)
    Options exercised .................           --          (877)        .53         (462)
                                              ------        ------                 --------
   Balance, December 31, 1999 .........        1,445         6,292        7.17       45,112
    Additional shares reserved ........        5,850            --                       --
    Options granted ...................       (3,703)        3,703        4.58       16,960
    Options canceled ..................        3,241        (3,241)       5.97      (19,349)
    Options exercised .................           --          (323)       1.72         (556)
                                              ------        ------                 --------
   Balance, December 31, 2000 .........        6,833         6,431       $6.50     $ 42,167
                                              ======        ======                 ========

                            Options Outstanding at December 31,      Options Exercisable at
                                           2000                        December 31, 2000
                          ---------------------------------------    ----------------------
                                           Weighted
                                           Average       Weighted                  Weighted
                                          Remaining      Average                   Average
                            Number       Contractual     Exercise      Number      Exercise
       Exercise Price     Outstanding   Life in Years     Price     Exercisable     Price
      ----------------    -----------   -------------    --------   -----------    --------

      $  .13 -   .30           100           5.50         $  .20          92        $  .20
      $  .37 -   .80           625           7.30            .55         241           .76
      $ 1.25 -  3.04         1,441           8.30           2.21         537          1.68
      $ 3.25 -  6.10         2,394           8.60           4.54         558          5.23
      $ 9.75 - 12.82           778           6.70          10.42         239         10.33
      $17.62                 1,093           8.80          17.62         299         17.62
                             -----                                     -----        ------
                             6,431                                     1,966        $ 5.98
                             =====                                     =====        ======

   At December 31, 1998 and 1999, 567,000 and 681,000 shares, respectively,
were exercisable at a weighted average price of $.27 and $1.32, respectively.

 Fair value disclosures

   Women.com has adopted the disclosure only provisions of Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards No. 123 (SFAS No. 123), "Accounting for Stock-
Based Compensation." Women.com, however, continues to apply APB Opinion No.
25, "Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees," and related interpretations in
accounting for its plans.

                                      F-45

                            WOMEN.COM NETWORKS, INC.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

Note 10 -- Employee Benefit Plans--(Continued)

   The fair value of each option grant is estimated on the date of grant using
the minimum value method with the following weighted average assumptions used
for grants:

                                                                            Year Ended December 31,
                                                                      -----------------------------------
                                                                        1998        1999          2000
                                                                      -------    ----------   -----------

   Risk-free interest rate ........................................      5.00%   4.8%--6.17%  5.66%--6.67%
   Expected life ..................................................   5 years       5 years       5 years
   Dividend yield .................................................        --            --            --
   Volatility .....................................................        --            96%          188%

   The weighted average fair value of options granted in 1998, 1999 and 2000
are $3.11, $5.67 and $4.44, respectively.

   For purposes of pro forma disclosures, the estimated fair value of the
options is amortized to expense over the options's vesting period. Women.com's
pro forma information follows:

                                                                              Year Ended December 31,
                                                                         --------------------------------
                                                                           1998        1999        2000
                                                                         --------    --------   ---------

   Net loss attributable to common stockholders ......................   $(13,615)   $(57,068)  $(121,191)
                                                                         ========    ========   =========
   Net loss -- FAS 123 adjusted ......................................   $(13,862)   $(62,020)  $(137,620)
                                                                         ========    ========   =========
   Net loss per share-as reported (Note 2) Basic and diluted .........   $ (10.52)   $  (2.11)  $   (2.59)
                                                                         ========    ========   =========
   Net loss per share -- FAS 123 adjusted Basic and diluted ..........   $ (10.71)   $  (2.29)  $   (2.94)
                                                                         ========    ========   =========

   The effects of applying SFAS No. 123 in this pro forma disclosure may not be
indicative of future amounts. Additional awards in future years are
anticipated.

 Stock-based compensation

   In connection with certain stock option grants during the year ended
December 31, 1998, Women.com recorded stock-based compensation totaling $3.1
million, which is being amortized in accordance with FASB Interpretation No.
28 over the vesting periods of the related options, which is generally four
years. Stock-based compensation amortization recognized during the year ended
December 31, 1998 totaled $1,170,000. An additional $4,067,000 of unearned
stock-based compensation charge was recorded for the year ended December 31,
1999. Amortization of the total stock-based compensation for the year ended
December 31, 1999 totaled $2,987,000. In the year ended December 31, 2000,
$592,000 of income was recognized due to the reversal of amounts previously
charged in connection with the cancellation of unvested options offset by
current amortization.

   On November 30, 2000, grants for 889,500 shares of stock were made to
certain employees. These grants vest over two years, 25% at the end of each
six month period. The weighted average fair value of each grant was $0.44. An
additional $378,000 has been recorded as unearned compensation in connection
with these grants and $33,000 has been amortized in the year ended December
31, 2000.

                                      F-46

                            WOMEN.COM NETWORKS, INC.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

Note 10 -- Employee Benefit Plans--(Continued)

   Stock-based compensation expense (income) for the years ended December 31,
1998, 1999 and 2000 has been allocated across the relevant functional expense
categories within operating expenses as follows (in thousands):

                                                                                  1998      1999     2000
                                                                                 ------    ------   -----

   Production, product and technology ........................................   $  396    $1,314   $(155)
   Sales and marketing .......................................................      220       682    (339)
   General and administrative ................................................      554       991     (65)
                                                                                 ------    ------   -----
                                                                                 $1,170    $2,987   $(559)
                                                                                 ======    ======   =====

Note 11 -- Income Taxes

   The components of the net deferred tax asset as of December 31, 1998, 1999
and 2000 are as follows (in thousands):

                                                                             1998       1999       2000
                                                                           -------    --------   --------

   Net operating loss carryforwards ....................................   $ 7,034    $ 14,721   $ 33,484
   Accrued liabilities .................................................       789         650      1,220
   Fixed asset and intangible basis difference .........................        --       1,400      1,661
   Other ...............................................................        --           6      1,692
                                                                           -------    --------   --------
                                                                             7,823      16,777     38,057
                                                                           -------    --------   --------
   Less valuation allowance ............................................    (7,823)    (16,777)   (38,057)
                                                                           -------    --------   --------
      Net deferred tax asset............................................   $    --    $     --   $     --
                                                                           =======    ========   ========

   Women.com has established a valuation allowance to the extent of its
deferred tax asset due to the uncertainty that the benefit may not be realized
in the future.

   At December 31, 2000, Women.com had federal and state net operating loss
carryforwards of approximately $89.0 million and $73.4 million, respectively,
available to offset future regular and alternative minimum taxable income.
Women.com's federal net operating loss carryforwards will begin to expire in
the year 2011. For state tax purposes, the net operating loss carryforwards
will begin to expire in the year 2001.

   The Tax Reform Act of 1986 limits the use of net operating loss and tax
credit carryforwards in certain situations where changes occur in the stock
ownership of a company. Women.com may have had an ownership change which may
limit the utilization of these carryforwards.

Note 12 -- Related Parties

   In 1998, Women.com issued for cash 911,855 shares of Series D preferred
stock to a customer. Total revenues from this customer in 1998 were $167,000.
Receivable due from this customer at December 31, 1998 was $125,000.

   In 1998, Women.com issued 33,000 shares of Series D preferred stock to an
officer of Women.com's recruiting service provider, who had been granted
41,119 shares of Series C preferred stock. Total expense incurred for this
party in 1998 was $133,000. Payable due to the officer at December 31, 1998
was $17,000.

                                      F-47

                            WOMEN.COM NETWORKS, INC.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

Note 13 -- Subsequent Events

   In January 2001, Women.com received notification that the letter of credit
related to its 10 year operating lease would not be renewed. The cash deposit
collateralizing the letter of credit was transferred to the landlord and is
being held as a security deposit on the lease.

   Women.com entered into a definitive agreement whereby iVillage, Inc.,
operator of the iVillage Network, would acquire all of the outstanding shares
of Women.com. This transaction, if approved by the stockholders of Women.com
and iVillage, is expected to close during the second quarter of 2001.

                                      F-48

                                                                      ANNEX A-1

- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                          AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

                                  BY AND AMONG

                                 iVILLAGE INC.,

                         STANHOPE ACQUISITION SUB, LLC

                                      AND

                            WOMEN.COM NETWORKS, INC.

                          DATED AS OF FEBRUARY 5, 2001

- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                      A-1

                               

                                                                               Page

    ARTICLE I   DEFINITIONS ...........................................       A-1-2
   ARTICLE II   THE MERGER ............................................       A-1-8
          2.1   The Merger ............................................       A-1-8
          2.2   Effective Time; Closing ...............................       A-1-8
          2.3   Effect of the Merger ..................................       A-1-8
          2.4   Conversion of Company Common Stock ....................       A-1-9
          2.5   Exchange of Certificates ..............................       A-1-9
          2.6   Dividends .............................................      A-1-10
          2.7   No Liability ..........................................      A-1-10
          2.8   Lost Certificates .....................................      A-1-11
          2.9   Withholding Rights ....................................      A-1-11
         2.10   Shares held by the Company Affiliates .................      A-1-11
         2.11   Closing of Company Transfer Books .....................      A-1-11
         2.12   Taxable Transaction ...................................      A-1-11
         2.13   Rule 16b-3 Approval ...................................      A-1-11
  ARTICLE III   THE SURVIVING CORPORATION .............................      A-1-12
          3.1   Certificate of Incorporation ..........................      A-1-12
          3.2   Bylaws ................................................      A-1-12
          3.3   Directors and Officers ................................      A-1-12
   ARTICLE IV   REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY .........      A-1-12
          4.1   Organization and Standing .............................      A-1-12
          4.2   Authority for Agreement ...............................      A-1-12
          4.3   Capitalization ........................................      A-1-13
          4.4   Subsidiaries ..........................................      A-1-13
          4.5   No Conflict ...........................................      A-1-14
          4.6   Required Filings and Consents .........................      A-1-14
          4.7   Compliance ............................................      A-1-14
          4.8   Litigation ............................................      A-1-14
          4.9   Company Reports; Financial Statements .................      A-1-15
         4.10   Absence of Certain Changes or Events ..................      A-1-15
         4.11   Taxes .................................................      A-1-16
         4.12   Title to Personal Property ............................      A-1-16
         4.13   Real Property .........................................      A-1-17
         4.14   Environmental Compliance and Disclosure ...............      A-1-17
         4.15   Officers and Employees ................................      A-1-17
         4.16   Employee Benefit Plans ................................      A-1-18
         4.17   Labor Relations .......................................      A-1-20
         4.18   Contracts and Commitments .............................      A-1-20
         4.19   Information Supplied ..................................      A-1-21
         4.20   Intellectual Property .................................      A-1-21
         4.21   Insurance Policies ....................................      A-1-23
         4.22   Transactions with Affiliates ..........................      A-1-23
         4.23   No Existing Discussions ...............................      A-1-23
         4.24   Antitakeover Statutes; Absence of Dissenters' Rights ..      A-1-23
         4.25   Brokers ...............................................      A-1-23
         4.26   Vote Required .........................................      A-1-24
    ARTICLE V   REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF MERGER SUB AND
                  PARENT ..............................................      A-1-24
          5.1   Organization and Standing .............................      A-1-24
          5.2   Authority for Agreement ...............................      A-1-24
          5.3   No Conflict ...........................................      A-1-25
          5.4   Required Filings and Consents .........................      A-1-25
          5.5   Compliance ............................................      A-1-25

                                      A-2

                               
                                  (continued)

                                                                               Page

          5.6   Capitalization ........................................      A-1-25
          5.7   Litigation ............................................      A-1-26
          5.8   Subsidiaries ..........................................      A-1-26
          5.9   Parent Reports; Parent Financial Statements ...........      A-1-27
         5.10   Absence of Certain Changes or Events ..................      A-1-27
         5.11   Taxes .................................................      A-1-27
         5.12   Information Supplied ..................................      A-1-28
         5.13   Intellectual Property .................................      A-1-28
         5.14   No Existing Discussions ...............................      A-1-29
         5.15   Vote Required .........................................      A-1-29
         5.16   Brokers ...............................................      A-1-29
   ARTICLE VI   COVENANTS .............................................      A-1-30
          6.1   Conduct of the Business Pending the Merger ............      A-1-30
          6.2   Access to Information; Confidentiality ................      A-1-31
          6.3   Notification of Certain Matters .......................      A-1-31
          6.4   Stockholders' Meetings ................................      A-1-31
          6.5   Board Recommendations .................................      A-1-32
          6.6   Stockholder Litigation ................................      A-1-32
          6.7   Indemnification .......................................      A-1-32
          6.8   Public Announcements ..................................      A-1-33
          6.9   Acquisition Proposals .................................      A-1-33
         6.10   Proxy Statement/Prospectus ............................      A-1-33
         6.11   Further Assurances ....................................      A-1-34
         6.12   Nasdaq Listing ........................................      A-1-35
         6.13   Tax Treatment .........................................      A-1-35
         6.14   Undertakings of Parent ................................      A-1-36
         6.15   Director Resignations .................................      A-1-36
         6.16   Company Affiliates ....................................      A-1-36
         6.17   Employee Matters ......................................      A-1-36
         6.18   Advertiser Visits .....................................      A-1-36
  ARTICLE VII   CONDITIONS ............................................      A-1-36
          7.1   Conditions to the Obligation of Each Party ............      A-1-36
          7.2   Conditions to Obligations of Parent and Merger Sub to
                  Effect the Merger ...................................      A-1-37
          7.3   Conditions to Obligations of Company to Effect the
                  Merger ..............................................      A-1-38
 ARTICLE VIII   TERMINATION, AMENDMENT AND WAIVER .....................      A-1-39
          8.1   Termination ...........................................      A-1-39
          8.2   Effect of Termination .................................      A-1-40
          8.3   Amendments ............................................      A-1-40
          8.4   Waiver ................................................      A-1-40
   ARTICLE IX   GENERAL PROVISIONS ....................................      A-1-41
          9.1   No Third Party Beneficiaries ..........................      A-1-41
          9.2   Entire Agreement ......................................      A-1-41
          9.3   Succession and Assignment .............................      A-1-41
          9.4   Counterparts ..........................................      A-1-41
          9.5   Headings ..............................................      A-1-41
          9.6   Governing Law .........................................      A-1-41
          9.7   Severability ..........................................      A-1-41
          9.8   Specific Performance ..................................      A-1-41
          9.9   Construction ..........................................      A-1-41
         9.10   Non-Survival of Representations and Warranties and
                  Agreements ..........................................      A-1-41
         9.11   Fees and Expenses .....................................      A-1-42
         9.12   Notices ...............................................      A-1-42

                                      A-3

                          AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

     AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER (together with all letters, schedules and
exhibits hereto, this "Agreement"), dated as of February 5, 2001, by and among
iVillage Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Parent"), Stanhope Acquisition
Sub, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the "Merger Sub") and wholly
owned subsidiary of the Parent, and Women.com Networks, Inc., a Delaware
corporation (the "Company").

                              W I T N E S S E T H:

     WHEREAS, the parties to this Agreement desire to effect a strategic
business combination;

     WHEREAS, in furtherance of the foregoing, upon the terms and subject to
the conditions of this Agreement and in accordance with the Delaware General
Corporation Law (the "DGCL"), the Merger Sub will merge with and into the
Company (the "Merger") in accordance with the provisions of the DGCL, with the
Company as the surviving corporation;

     WHEREAS, concurrently with the execution and delivery of this Agreement,
and as a condition and inducement to the Parent and the Company entering into
this Agreement, certain stockholders of the Parent and the Company,
respectively, have entered into voting agreements with the Parent
(collectively, the "Voting Agreements"), dated as of the date hereof, pursuant
to which, among other things, each such stockholder has agreed to vote its
shares in favor of this Agreement and the Merger, subject to the terms and
conditions contained therein;

     WHEREAS, concurrently with the execution and delivery of this Agreement,
and as a condition and inducement to the Parent and the Company entering into
this Agreement, the Major Stockholder has entered into the Investment
Agreements, dated as of the date hereof, pursuant to which, among other
things, Major Stockholder will purchase shares of Parent Common Stock upon
completion of the Merger and has agreed to take and not take certain actions
relating to the corporate governance of the Parent;

     WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of each of the Parent and the Company has
approved and determined that this Agreement, the Voting Agreements, the
Investment Agreements and the transactions contemplated herein, including the
Merger, are advisable, fair to, and in the best interests of, their respective
corporations and stockholders;

     WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Company has approved this
Agreement and the transactions contemplated herein, including the Merger,
which approval was based in part on the opinion of Salomon Smith Barney (the
"Independent Advisor"), independent financial advisor to the Board of
Directors of the Company, that, as of the date of such opinion and based on
the assumptions, qualifications and limitations contained therein, the Per
Share Merger Consideration is fair, from a financial point of view, to the
holders of the Company Common Stock (the "Company Stockholders);

     WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of each of the Parent and the Company has
resolved to recommend adoption and approval of the Merger, this Agreement and
the transactions contemplated herein to the holders of Parent Common Stock
(the "Parent Stockholders") and the Company Stockholders, respectively, and
has determined that the Merger, this Agreement, the Voting Agreements and the
Investment Agreements are fair to the Parent Stockholders and the Company
Stockholders, as the case may be, and to recommend that the Parent
Stockholders and the Company Stockholders, as the case may be, approve and
adopt the Merger, this Agreement and the transactions contemplated herein; and

     WHEREAS, for federal income tax purposes, it is intended that the Merger
shall not qualify as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of
the Internal Revenue Code, as amended (the "Code'').

     NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the respective
representations, warranties, covenants and agreements contained in this
Agreement and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties hereto agree
as follows:

                                     A-1-1

                                   ARTICLE I
                                  DEFINITIONS

     For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall have the
meanings set forth in this Article.

           (a)  "10-K" shall mean the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the fiscal year ended December 31, 1999.

           (b)  "Acquisition Agreement" shall mean any letter of intent,
agreement in principle, merger agreement, acquisition agreement, voting
agreement or other similar agreement (other than any letter of intent,
agreement in principle, merger agreement, acquisition agreement or other
similar agreement with the Parent) related to any Acquisition Proposal.

           (c)  "Acquisition Proposal" shall mean any bona fide proposal or
offer from any Person relating to any direct or indirect acquisition or
purchase of 20% or more of the assets of a Person and its subsidiaries, taken
as a whole, or 20% or more of the combined voting power of the shares of such
Person's Common Stock, any tender offer or exchange offer that if consummated
would result in any other Person beneficially owning 20% or more of the
combined voting power of the shares of such Person's Common Stock, or any
merger, consolidation, business combination, recapitalization, liquidation,
dissolution or similar transaction involving such Person or any of its
subsidiaries in which the other party thereto or its stockholders will own 20%
or more of the combined voting power of the parent entity resulting from any
such transaction, other than the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

           (d)  "ADA" shall mean the Americans with Disabilities Act.

           (e)  "ADEA" shall mean the Age Discrimination in Employment Act.

           (f)  "Affiliate" of a party shall mean an "affiliate" of such party
as that term is used in paragraphs (c) and (d) of Rule 145 under the
Securities Act (including at a minimum, all those Persons subject to the
reporting requirements of Rule 16(a) under the Exchange Act.

           (g)  "Affiliates Letter" shall mean a letter agreement in the form
of Exhibit A delivered by each Person identified pursuant to Section 6.16 as
an Affiliate of the Company for purposes of Rule 145 under the Securities Act.

           (h)  "Agreement" shall have the meaning set forth in the
introductory paragraph of this Agreement.

           (i)  "Applicable Benefit Laws" means ERISA, the Code and all other
applicable laws, regulations, orders or other legislative, administrative or
judicial promulgations, including those of a jurisdiction outside the United
States of America.

           (j)  "Cash Amount" shall mean an amount of cash equal to one percent
of the product of the average of the high and low prices of a share of Parent
Common Stock on the Nasdaq on the Closing Date multiplied by 0.322; provided
that, the Cash Amount shall be proportionately reduced to account for any
decrease in the Exchange Ratio pursuant to Section 7.2(g) and Schedule 7.2(g)
to the extent necessary so that the Cash Amount equals one percent of the Per
Share Merger Consideration.

           (k)  "CERCLA" shall mean the Federal Comprehensive Environmental
Response, Compensation and Liability Act.

           (l)  "Certificate" shall mean each certificate representing a share
or shares of Company Common Stock.

           (m)  "Certificate of Merger" shall mean the certificate of merger
filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware by the parties
hereto in connection with the Merger.

           (n)  "Closing" shall mean the date on which the Merger becomes
effective.

           (o)  "Code" shall have the meaning set forth in the Recitals of this
Agreement.

                                     A-1-2

           (p)  "Company" shall have the meaning set forth in the introductory
paragraph of this Agreement.

           (q)  "Company Benefit Plans" shall mean each Employee Benefit Plan
sponsored or maintained or required to be sponsored or maintained at any time
by the Company or any Subsidiary or to which the Company or any Subsidiary
makes or has made, or has or has had an obligation to make, contributions at
any time.

           (r)  "Company Bylaws" shall mean the bylaws of the Company.

           (s)  "Company Certificate of Incorporation" shall mean the Company's
certificate of incorporation, including any certificates of designations
attached thereto.

           (t)  "Company Common Stock" shall mean the common stock, par value
$.001 per share, of the Company.

           (u)  "Company Confidentiality Agreement" shall mean the
confidentiality agreement between the Company and the Parent, dated January
30, 2001.

           (v)  "Company Disclosure Letter" shall mean the Company Disclosure
Schedule delivered by the Company to the Parent concurrently with the
execution of this Agreement. The Company Disclosure Letter shall include
specific references to each provision of this Agreement to which information
contained in the Company Disclosure Letter is intended to apply.

           (w)  "Company Financial Statements" shall mean all of the financial
statements included in the Company Reports.

           (x)  "Company Licensed Software" shall mean all software (other than
Company Proprietary Software) used by the Company and the Subsidiaries.

           (y)  "Company Material Adverse Effect" shall mean, with respect to
the Company, any change, event or effect shall have occurred or been
threatened that, when taken together with all other adverse changes, events or
effects that have occurred or been threatened, is or is reasonably likely to
(i) be materially adverse to the business, operations, properties, condition
(financial or otherwise), assets or liabilities (including contingent
liabilities) of the Company and the Subsidiaries taken as a whole or (ii)
prevent or materially delay the performance by the Company of any of its
obligations under this Agreement or the consummation of the Merger or the
other transactions contemplated herein; provided that none of the following
alone shall be deemed, in and of itself, to constitute a Company Material
Adverse Effect: (a) a change in the market price or trading volume of Company
Common Stock; (b) a loss by the Company of its suppliers, customers or
employees that is directly and principally related to Parent being a party to
this Agreement, (c) changes in general economic conditions or changes
affecting the industry in which the Parent or the Company operates generally
(as opposed to Parent-specific or Company-specific changes) or (d) an event
which would otherwise constitute a Company Material Adverse Effect which is
the direct and principal result of an action or omission by the Company which
was taken or not taken at the specific instruction of the Parent.

           (z)  "Company Preferred Stock" shall mean shares of preferred stock
of the Company.

           (aa) "Company Proprietary Software" shall mean all software owned by
the Company and the Subsidiaries.

           (bb) "Company Reports" shall mean all forms, reports, statements and
all other documents required to be filed by the Company with the SEC since
October 14, 1999.

           (cc) "Company Software" shall mean the Company Licensed Software
together with the Company Proprietary Software.

           (dd) "Company Stock" shall mean the Company Common Stock together
with the Company Preferred Stock.

                                     A-1-3

           (ee) "Company Stockholders" shall have the meaning set forth in the
Recitals of this Agreement.

           (ff) "Company Stock Option" shall mean each outstanding option to
purchase shares of Company Common Stock.

           (gg) "Company Stock Plan" shall mean any stock option plan or
restricted stock plan of the Company, whether established or assumed by the
Company in connection with an acquisition.

           (hh) "Company Stockholders' Meeting" shall mean the meeting of the
Company Stockholders to be called to consider the Merger.

           (ii) "D&O Insurance" shall mean the Company's directors' and
officers' liability insurance policies as of the date of this Agreement.

           (jj) "DGCL" shall have the meaning set forth in the Recitals of this
Agreement.

           (kk) "Effective Time" is the time the Certificate of Merger is duly
filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, or at such other
time as the parties hereto agree shall be specified in such Certificate of
Merger.

           (ll) "Employee/Consulting Agreements" shall mean any contracts,
consulting agreements, termination or severance agreements, change of control
agreements or any other agreements respecting the terms and conditions of
employment or of an independent contract relationship in respect to any
officer, employee or former employee, consultant or independent contractor.

           (mm) "Employee Benefit Plan" shall mean with respect to any Person
each plan, fund, program, agreement, arrangement or scheme, including, but not
limited to each plan, fund, program, agreement, arrangement or scheme
maintained or required to be maintained, in each case, that is at any time
sponsored or maintained or required to be sponsored or maintained by such
Person or to which such Person makes or has made, or has or has had an
obligation to make, contributions providing for employee benefits or for the
remuneration, direct or indirect, of the employees, former employees,
directors, officers, consultants, independent contractors, contingent workers
or leased employees of such Person or the dependents of any of them (whether
written or oral), including each deferred compensation, bonus, incentive
compensation, pension, retirement, stock purchase, stock option and other
equity compensation plan, "welfare" plan (within the meaning of Section 3(1)
of the ERISA, determined without regard to whether such plan is subject to
ERISA); each "pension" plan (within the meaning of Section 3(2) of ERISA,
determined without regard to whether such plan is subject to ERISA); each
severance plan or agreement, health, vacation, summer hours, supplemental
unemployment benefit, hospitalization insurance, medical, dental, legal and
each other employee benefit plan, fund, program, agreement or arrangement.

           (nn) "Environmental Laws" shall mean local, state and federal laws
and regulations relating to protection of the environment, pollution control,
product registration and hazardous materials.

           (oo) "ERISA" shall mean the Employee Retirement Income Security Act
of 1974, as amended.

           (pp) "ERISA Affiliate" shall mean any Person (whether incorporated
or unincorporated), that together with the Company or any Subsidiary would be
deemed a "single employer" within the meaning of Section 414 of the Code.

           (qq) "ERISA Affiliate Plan" shall mean each Employee Benefit Plan
sponsored or maintained or required to be sponsored or maintained at any time
by an ERISA Affiliate or to which such ERISA Affiliate makes or has made, or
has or has had an obligation to make, contributions at any time.

           (rr) "Estimated Statement of Working Capital" shall mean the
statement of working capital prepared by the Company and delivered to the
Parent pursuant to Schedule 7.2(g).

           (ss) "Exchange Act" shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended.

                                     A-1-4

           (tt) "Exchange Agent" shall mean a commercial bank or trust company
reasonably designated by the Parent.

           (uu) "Exchange Ratio" shall mean 0.322, as may be decreased pursuant
to Section 7.2(g) and Schedule 7.2(g).

           (vv) "Fair Market Value" of one share of Parent Common Stock shall
be the average (rounded to the nearest 1/10,000) of the volume weighted
averages (rounded to the nearest 1/10,000) of the trading prices of Parent
Common Stock on the Nasdaq, as reported by Bloomberg Financial Markets (or
such other source as the parties shall agree in writing) for the 20
consecutive trading days immediately preceding the second business day before
the date of the Closing.

           (ww) "Final Statement of Working Capital" shall mean the statement
of working capital prepared by the Parent and delivered to the Company
pursuant to Schedule 7.2(g).

           (xx) "FLSA" shall mean the Fair Labor Standards Act.

           (yy) "FMLA" shall mean the Family and Medical Leave Act.

           (zz) "Form S-4" shall mean the Registration Statement on Form S-4 to
be filed with the SEC by the Parent under the Securities Act in connection
with the issuance of the Parent Common Stock in the Merger.

           (aaa)"FTC" shall mean the Federal Trade Commission.

           (bbb)"GAAP" shall mean generally accepted accounting principles.

           (ccc)"Governmental Entity" shall mean any United States federal,
state or local or any foreign government or any court, administrative or
regulatory agency or commission or other governmental authority or agency,
domestic or foreign.

           (ddd)"Hazardous Materials" shall mean any waste, pollutant,
hazardous substance, toxic, ignitable, reactive or corrosive substance,
hazardous waste, special waste, industrial substance, by-product, process
intermediate product or waste, petroleum or petroleum-derived substance or
waste, chemical liquids or solids, liquid or gaseous products, or any
constituent of any such substance or waste, the use, handling or disposal of
which by the Company is in any way governed by or subject to any applicable
Law, rule or regulation of any Governmental Entity.

           (eee)"Indemnified Parties" shall mean each present and former
director, officer, employee and agent of the Company or any Subsidiary with
rights to indemnification by the Company existing as of the date of this
Agreement as provided in the Company Certificate of Incorporation or the
Company Bylaws, in each case as in effect on the date of this Agreement, or
pursuant to any other agreements in effect on the date hereof, copies of which
have been provided to the Parent.

           (fff)"Independent Advisor" shall have the meaning set forth in the
Recitals of this Agreement.

           (ggg)"Intellectual Property" shall mean all copyrights, trade names,
trademarks, service marks, patents, universal resource locators ("URLs"),
Internet domain names, (and all applications or registrations therefor), trade
secrets, know-how, member lists for a Person's network of websites, marketing
plans, advertising and sponsorship strategy, content on such Person's network
of websites, internet tools, proprietary processes, technology, rights of
publicity and privacy relating to the use of the names, likenesses, voices,
signatures, and which are used by such Person and its subsidiaries or as to
which such Person or any of its subsidiaries claim an ownership interest or as
to which such Person or any of its subsidiaries is a licensee or licensor.

           (hhh)"Investment Agreements" shall mean the Securities Purchase
Agreement and the Stockholder Agreement between Parent and Investor, dated as
of February 5, 2001.

           (iii)"Investor" means Hearst Communications, Inc., a Delaware
corporation.

                                     A-1-5

           (jjj)"Labor Laws" shall mean ERISA, the Immigration Reform and
Control Act of 1986, the National Labor Relations Act, the Civil Rights Acts
of 1866 and 1964, the Equal Pay Act, ADEA, ADA, FMLA, WARN, the Occupational
Safety and Health Act, the Davis-Bacon Act, the Walsh-Healy Act, the Service
Contract Act, Executive Order 11246, FLSA and the Rehabilitation Act of 1973
and all regulations under such acts.

           (kkk)"Law" shall mean any United States federal, state or local or
any foreign statute, law, rule, regulation, ordinance, code, order, judgment,
decree or any other requirement or rule of law.

           (lll)"Major Stockholder" means Hearst Communications, Inc., a
Delaware corporation.

           (mmm)"Litigation" shall mean claims, suits, actions, investigations,
indictments or information, or administrative, arbitration or other
proceedings.

           (nnn)"Merger" shall have the meaning set forth in the Recitals of
this Agreement.

           (ooo)"Merger Sub" shall have the meaning set forth in the
introductory paragraph of this Agreement.

           (ppp)"Nasdaq" shall mean the Nasdaq National Market System, a.k.a.
the Nasdaq Stock Market.

           (qqq)"Necessary Approval" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 6.11(a).

           (rrr)"NLRB" shall mean the United States National Labor Relations
Board.

           (sss)"OSHA" shall mean the Occupational Safety and Health
Administration.

           (ttt)"Parent" shall have the meaning set forth in the introductory
paragraph of this Agreement.

           (uuu)"Parent Common Stock" shall mean the common stock of the
Parent, par value $.01 per share.

           (vvv)"Parent Disclosure Letter" shall mean the Parent Disclosure
Letter delivered by the Parent to the Company concurrently with the execution
of this Agreement. The Parent Disclosure Letter shall include references to
each provision of this Agreement to which information contained in the Parent
Disclosure Letter is intended to apply.

           (www)"Parent Financial Statements" shall mean all of the financial
statements included in the Parent Reports.

           (xxx)"Parent Licensed Software" shall mean all software (other than
Parent Proprietary Software) used by the Parent and its subsidiaries.

           (yyy)"Parent Material Adverse Effect" shall mean, with respect to
the Parent, any change, event or effect shall have occurred or been threatened
that, when taken together with all other adverse changes, events or effects
that have occurred or been threatened, is or is reasonably likely to (i) be
materially adverse to the business, operations, properties, condition
(financial or otherwise), assets or liabilities (including contingent
liabilities) of the Parent and its subsidiaries taken as a whole or (ii)
prevent or materially delay the performance by the Parent of any of its
obligations under this Agreement or the consummation of the Merger or the
other transactions contemplated by this Agreement; provided that none of the
following alone shall be deemed, in and of itself, to constitute a Parent
Material Adverse Effect: (a) a change in the market price or trading volume of
Parent Common Stock; (b) a loss by the Parent of its suppliers, customers or
employees that is directly and principally related to the Company being a
party to this Agreement or (c) changes in general economic conditions or
changes affecting the industry in which the Parent or the Company operates
generally (as opposed to Parent-specific or Company-specific changes).

           (zzz)"Parent Proprietary Software" shall mean all software owned by
the Parent and its subsidiaries.

                                     A-1-6

           (aaaa) "Parent Reports" shall mean all forms, reports, statements
and all other documents required to be filed by the Parent with the SEC since
March 1, 1999.

           (bbbb) "Parent Software" shall mean the Parent Licensed Software
together with the Parent Proprietary Software.

           (cccc) "Parent Stockholders" shall have the meaning set forth in the
Recitals of this Agreement.

           (dddd) "Parent Stockholders' Meeting" shall mean the meeting of the
Parent Stockholders to be called to consider the Merger.

           (eeee) "Per Share Merger Consideration" shall mean a fraction of a
share of Parent Common Stock calculated in accordance with the Exchange Ratio
(as may be adjusted downward pursuant to Section 7.2(g) and Schedule 7.2(g)),
plus the Cash Amount.

           (ffff) "Person" shall mean any individual, corporation, partnership
(general or limited), limited liability company, limited liability partnership,
trust, joint venture, joint-stock company, syndicate, association, entity,
unincorporated organization or government or any political subdivision, agency
or instrumentality thereof.

           (gggg) "Proxy Statement/Prospectus" shall have the meaning set forth
in Section 6.10.

           (hhhh) "Regulatory Law" means the Sherman Act, as amended, the
Clayton Act, as amended, the Federal Trade Commission Act, as amended, and all
other Federal, state and foreign, if any, statutes, rules, regulations, orders,
decrees, administrative and judicial doctrines and other laws that are designed
or intended to regulate mergers, acquisitions or other business combinations.

           (iiii) "Representatives" shall mean officers, directors, employees,
auditors, attorneys, financial advisors, lenders and other agents.

           (jjjj) "Required Vote" shall mean the Company Required Vote as set
forth in Section 4.26 or the Parent Required Vote as set forth in Section 5.16,
as the case may be.

           (kkkk) "SEC" shall mean the Securities and Exchange Commission.

           (llll) "Securities Act" shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended.

           (mmmm) "Securities Purchase Agreement" means the Securities Purchase
Agreement, between Parent and Investor, dated as of February 5, 2001.

           (nnnn) "Shortfall" shall mean the amount by which the Working Capital
or cash of the Company as at March 31, 2001, is less than the amounts set forth
in Section 7.2(g); provided however, that any amount of Working Capital in
excess of the amount set forth in Section 7.2(g) shall be added to the amount of
cash of the Company as at March 31, 2001 when determining any cash Shortfall.

           (oooo) "Stockholders' Meetings" shall mean the Company Stockholders'
Meeting and the Parent Stockholders' Meeting.

           (pppp) "Subsidiary" shall mean each subsidiary of the Company.

           (qqqq) "Superior Proposal" shall mean any proposal made by a third
party (i) relating to any direct or indirect acquisition or purchase of all or
substantially all of the assets of a Person and its subsidiaries, taken as a
whole, or 80% of the combined voting power of the shares of such Person's Common
Stock, or any tender offer or exchange offer that if consummated would result in
any other Person beneficially owning 80% or more of the combined voting power of
the shares of such Person's Common Stock and (ii) otherwise on terms which the
Board of Directors of such Person determines in its good faith judgment (based
upon the advice of a financial advisor of nationally recognized reputation),
taking into account the Person making the proposal and the legal, financial,
regulatory and other aspects of the proposal deemed appropriate by the Board of
Directors of such Person, (x) is more favorable from a financial point of view
than the Merger to its stockholders taken as a whole, (y) is reasonably capable
of being completed and

                                     A-1-7

(z) for which financing, to the extent required, is then committed or is
capable of being obtained by such third party.

           (rrrr) "Surviving Corporation" shall mean the corporation surviving
the Merger.

           (ssss) "Tax" (and, with correlative meaning, "Taxes") means any
federal, state, local or foreign income, gross receipts, property, sales, use,
license, excise, franchise, employment, payroll, premium, withholding,
alternative or added minimum, ad valorem, transfer or excise tax, or any other
tax, custom, duty, governmental fee or other like assessment or charge of any
kind whatsoever, together with any interest or penalty or addition thereto,
whether disputed or not, imposed by any Governmental Entity.

           (tttt) "Tax Opinion" shall mean a written opinion of Orrick,
Herrington & Sutcliffe LLP, counsel to the Parent, addressed and reasonably
acceptable to the Parent, to the effect that the Merger will not give rise to
gain or loss to the Parent or the Parent Stockholders.

           (uuuu) "Tax Return" means any return, report or similar statement
required to be filed with respect to any Tax (including any attached schedules),
including any information return, claim for refund, amended return or
declaration of estimated Tax.

           (vvvv) "Termination Fee" shall mean $1 million.

           (wwww) "Voting Agreements" shall have the meaning set forth in the
Recitals of this Agreement.

           (xxxx) "WARN" shall mean the United States Worker Adjustment and
Retraining Notification Act.

           (yyyy) "Working Capital" shall mean current assets (excluding prepaid
expenses) minus current liabilities of the Company (excluding deferred revenue
and including accrued liabilities for the MSN and Alta Vista matters set forth
in the Company Disclosure Letter), and shall not reflect the transaction
expenses set forth on Schedule 1, whether or not such expenses or any portion
thereof have been paid. A statement of estimated Working Capital for the Company
as at March 31, 2001, illustrating the elements of Working Capital, is attached
hereto as Schedule 2.

                                   ARTICLE II
                                   THE MERGER

     2.1   The Merger. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this
Agreement, and in accordance with the DGCL, at the Effective Time, the Merger
Sub shall be merged with and into the Company. As a result of the Merger, the
separate existence of the Merger Sub shall cease and the Company shall
continue as the Surviving Corporation. The corporate existence of the Company,
with all its purposes, rights, privileges, franchises, powers and objects,
shall continue unaffected and unimpaired by the Merger and, as the Surviving
Corporation, it shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware.

     2.2   Effective Time; Closing. As promptly as practicable (and in any
event within five business days) after the satisfaction or waiver of the
conditions set forth in Article VII hereof, the parties hereto shall cause the
Merger to be consummated by filing the Certificate of Merger with the
Secretary of State of the State of Delaware and by making all other filings or
recordings required under the DGCL in connection with the Merger, in such form
as is required by, and executed in accordance with the relevant provisions of,
the DGCL. The Merger shall become effective at the Effective Time. The Closing
shall be held at 10:00 a.m., local time, at the offices of Orrick, Herrington
& Sutcliffe LLP, located at 666 Fifth Avenue, New York, NY 10103, or at such
other time and location as the parties hereto shall otherwise agree.

     2.3   Effect of the Merger. At the Effective Time, the effect of the
Merger shall be as provided in the applicable provisions of the DGCL. Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, and subject thereto, at the
Effective Time all the property, rights, privileges, powers and franchises of
the Company and the Merger Sub shall vest in the Surviving Corporation, and
all debts, liabilities, obligations, restrictions, disabilities and duties of
the Company and the Merger Sub shall become the debts, liabilities,
obligations, restrictions, disabilities and duties of the Surviving
Corporation.

                                     A-1-8

     2.4   Conversion of Company Common Stock. At the Effective Time, by virtue
of the Merger and without any action on the part of the Parent, the Merger
Sub, the Company or the holders of any of the following securities:

           (a)  Each share of Company Common Stock issued and outstanding
immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than shares canceled pursuant
to Section 2.4(b)) shall be canceled and shall by virtue of the Merger and
without any action on the part of the holder thereof be converted
automatically into the right to receive the Per Share Merger Consideration (as
may be adjusted downward pursuant to Section 7.2(g) and Schedule 7.2(g)), upon
the surrender of the Certificate representing such share in the manner set
forth in Section 2.5. All such shares of Company Common Stock, when so
converted, shall no longer be outstanding and shall automatically be canceled
and retired and shall cease to exist, and each holder of a Certificate
representing such shares shall cease to have any rights with respect thereto,
except the right to receive that amount of cash and number of shares of Parent
Common Stock into which such shares of Company Common Stock have been
converted, cash in lieu of fractional shares as provided in Section 2.6(c) and
any dividends or other distributions payable pursuant to Section 2.6.

           (b)  Each share of Company Common Stock issued and outstanding
immediately prior to the Effective Time that is owned by the Parent or the
Merger Sub and each share of Company Common Stock that is owned by the Company
as treasury stock shall be canceled and retired and cease to exist and no
payment or distribution shall be made with respect thereto.

           (c)  Each limited liability company interest of the Merger Sub
issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be
converted into and become one validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable
share of common stock, par value $.01 per share, of the Surviving Corporation
and shall constitute the only outstanding shares of capital stock of the
Surviving Corporation.

           (d)  If after the date hereof and prior to the Effective Time, the
Parent shall have declared a stock split (including a reverse split) of Parent
Common Stock or a dividend payable in Parent Common Stock or effected any
recapitalization or reclassification of its common stock or any other similar
transaction, then the Exchange Ratio shall be appropriately adjusted to
reflect such stock split, dividend, recapitalization, reclassification or
similar transaction.

           (e)  Stock Options. At the Effective Date, each Company Stock
Option, other than any option issued under the Employee Stock Purchase Plan,
shall be assumed by the Parent in such manner that it is converted into an
option to purchase shares of Parent Common Stock, as provided below. Following
the Effective Time, each Company Stock Option shall continue to have, and be
subject to, the same terms and conditions set forth in the relevant Company
Stock Plan and applicable award agreement immediately prior to the Effective
Time; except that (i) each such Company Stock Option will be exercisable (or
will become exercisable in accordance with its terms) for that number of whole
Shares of Parent Common Stock equal to the product of the number of shares of
Company Common Stock that were issuable upon exercise of such the Company
Stock Option immediately prior to the Effective Time multiplied by the
Exchange Ratio, rounded down to the nearest whole number of Shares of Parent
Common Stock and (ii) the per share exercise price for Parent Common Stock
issuable upon exercise of such Company Stock Option will be equal to the
difference between the quotient determined by dividing the exercise price per
share of the Company Common Stock at which such Company Stock Option was
exercisable immediately prior to the Effective Time by the Exchange Ratio,
rounded up to the nearest whole cent, minus the Cash Amount. The Parent shall
file with the SEC, no later than 30 days after the Effective Time, a
registration statement on a Form S-8 relating to the shares of Parent Common
Stock issuable with respect to the Company Options assumed by the Parent in
accordance with this Section 2.4(e)

     2.5   Exchange of Certificates.

           (a)  Prior to the Effective Time, the Parent shall appoint the
Exchange Agent for the purpose of exchanging Certificates. At or prior to the
Effective Time, the Parent shall deposit with the Exchange Agent, for the
benefit of the holders of shares of Company Common Stock, for exchange in
accordance with this Article II through the Exchange Agent, cash and
certificates representing Parent Common Stock issuable pursuant to Section 2.4
in exchange for outstanding shares of Company Common

                                     A-1-9

Stock. The Parent agrees to make available to the Exchange Agent on a timely
basis as needed, cash sufficient to pay cash in lieu of fractional shares
pursuant to Section 2.5(c) and any dividends or other distributions payable
pursuant to Section 2.6.

           (b)  As soon as reasonably practicable after the Effective Time, the
Parent and the Surviving Corporation shall cause the Exchange Agent to mail to
each holder of record of Company Common Stock (i) a letter of transmittal
(which shall specify that delivery shall be effected, and risk of loss and
title to the Certificates shall pass, only upon delivery of the Certificates
to the Exchange Agent accompanied by a properly executed letter of transmittal
and shall be in such form and have such other provisions as the Parent may
reasonably specify), and (ii) instructions for use in effecting the surrender
of the Certificates in exchange for cash and certificates representing shares
of Parent Common Stock. Upon the surrender to the Exchange Agent of one or
more Certificates for cancellation, together with such letter of transmittal,
duly executed, and such other documents as may reasonably be required by the
Exchange Agent, the holder will receive cash and certificates representing
that amount of cash and number of whole shares of Parent Common Stock to be
issued in respect of the aggregate number of such shares of Company Common
Stock previously represented by the Certificates surrendered and cash in lieu
of fractional shares as provided in Section 2.5(c) and any dividends or other
distributions payable pursuant to Section 2.6. No interest will be paid or
will accrue on cash payable pursuant to Section 2.5(c) or 2.6.

           (c)  No certificate or scrip representing fractional shares of
Parent Common Stock shall be issued upon the surrender for exchange of
Certificates, and such fractional share interests will not entitle the owner
thereof to vote or to any rights as a stockholder of the Parent. All
fractional shares of Parent Common Stock that a holder of Company Common Stock
would otherwise be entitled to receive as a result of the Merger shall be
aggregated and if a fractional share results from such aggregation, such
holder shall be entitled to receive, in lieu thereof, an amount in cash
determined by multiplying (i) the per share closing price of Parent Common
Stock quoted on the Nasdaq on the date of the Closing by (ii) the fraction of
a share of Parent Common Stock to which such holder would otherwise have been
entitled. The Parent shall timely make available to the Exchange Agent any
cash necessary to make payments in lieu of fractional shares as aforesaid. No
such cash in lieu of fractional shares of Parent Common Stock shall be paid to
any holder of Company Common Stock until Certificates are surrendered and
exchanged in accordance with Section 2.5(a).

           (d)  If a certificate for Parent Common Stock is to be sent to a
Person other than the Person in whose name the Certificates for shares of
Company Common Stock surrendered for exchange are registered, it shall be a
condition of the exchange that the Person requesting such exchange shall pay
to the Exchange Agent any transfer or other taxes required by reason of the
delivery of such Certificate to a Person other than the registered holder of
the Certificate surrendered, or shall establish to the satisfaction of the
Exchange Agent that such tax has been paid or is not applicable.

           (e)  The cash paid and shares of Parent Common Stock issued upon the
surrender of Certificates in accordance with the terms hereof shall be deemed
to have been paid and issued in full satisfaction of all rights pertaining to
such shares of Company Common Stock.

     2.6   Dividends. No dividends or other distributions that are declared or
made after the Effective Time with respect to Parent Common Stock payable to
holders of record thereof after the Effective Time shall be paid to a Company
Stockholder entitled to receive certificates representing Parent Common Stock
until such stockholder has properly surrendered such stockholder's
Certificates. Upon such surrender, there shall be paid to the stockholder in
whose name the certificates representing such Parent Common Stock shall be
issued any dividends which shall have become payable with respect to such
Parent Common Stock between the Effective Time and the time of such surrender,
without interest. After such surrender, there shall also be paid to the
stockholder in whose name the certificates representing such Parent Common
Stock shall be issued any dividend on such Parent Common Stock that shall have
a record date subsequent to the Effective Time and prior to such surrender and
a payment date after such surrender; provided that such dividend payments
shall be made on such payment dates. In no event shall the stockholder
entitled to receive such dividends be entitled to receive interest on such
dividends.

     2.7   No Liability. None of the Parent, Merger Sub, the Company, the
Surviving Corporation or the Exchange Agent shall be liable to any Person in
respect of any Parent Common Stock, any dividends or

                                     A-1-10

distributions with respect thereto or any cash in lieu of fractional shares of
applicable Parent Common Stock, in each case delivered to a public official
pursuant to any applicable abandoned property, escheat or similar law. If any
Certificate shall not have been surrendered prior to six months after the
Effective Time (or immediately prior to such earlier date on which any Parent
Common Stock, any dividends or distributions payable to the holder of such
Certificate, the Cash Amount or any cash payable in lieu of fractional shares
of Parent Common Stock pursuant to this Article II, would otherwise escheat to
or become the property of any Governmental Entity), any such Parent Common
Stock, dividends or distributions in respect thereof or such cash shall, to
the extent permitted by applicable law, be delivered to the Parent, upon
demand, and any holders of Company Common Stock who have not theretofore
complied with the provisions of this Article II shall thereafter look only to
the Parent for satisfaction of their claims for such Parent Common Stock,
dividends or distributions in respect thereof or such cash.

     2.8   Lost Certificates. If any Certificate shall have been lost, stolen
or destroyed, upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the Person
claiming such Certificate to be lost, stolen or destroyed and, if required by
the Surviving Corporation, the posting by such Person of a bond in such
reasonable amount as the Surviving Corporation may direct as indemnity against
any claim that may be made against it with respect to such Certificate, the
Exchange Agent will deliver in exchange for such lost, stolen or destroyed
Certificate the Parent Common Stock and cash to be issued pursuant to Section
2.4 with respect to the shares of Company Common Stock formerly represented
thereby, any cash in lieu of fractional shares of Parent Common Stock, and
unpaid dividends and distributions on shares of Parent Common Stock
deliverable in respect thereof, pursuant to this Agreement.

     2.9   Withholding Rights. The Surviving Corporation shall be entitled to
deduct and withhold from the consideration otherwise payable pursuant to this
Agreement to any Company Stockholder such amounts as it is required to deduct
and withhold with respect to the making of such payment under the Code and the
rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, or any provision of state, local
or foreign tax law. To the extent that amounts are so withheld by the
Surviving Corporation, such withheld amounts shall be treated for all purposes
of this Agreement as having been paid to the Company Stockholder in respect of
which such deduction and withholding was made by the Surviving Corporation.

     2.10  Shares held by the Company Affiliates. Anything to the contrary in
this Agreement notwithstanding, no shares of Parent Common Stock (or
certificates therefor) shall be issued in exchange for any certificate to any
Person who may be an "affiliate" of the Company (identified pursuant to
Section 6.16) until the Person shall have delivered to Parent and the Company
a duly executed letter as contemplated by Section 6.16.

     2.11  Closing of Company Transfer Books. At the Effective Time, the stock
transfer books of the Company shall be closed and no transfer of Company
Common Stock shall thereafter be made. If, after the Effective Time,
Certificates are presented to the Surviving Corporation, they shall, when
accompanied by proper documentation, be exchanged for the Per Share Merger
Consideration for each share of Company Common Stock represented thereby in
the manner provided in this Article II, any cash in lieu of fractional shares
payable pursuant to Section 2.5(c) and any dividends or distributions payable
pursuant to Section 2.6.

     2.12  Taxable Transaction. The Merger is intended not to constitute a
reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code. The parties
hereto agree to report the Merger consistent with such treatment.

     2.13  Rule 16b-3 Approval. The Parent and the Company each agree that its
Board of Directors shall, at or prior to the Effective Time, adopt resolutions
specifically approving, for purposes of Rule 16b-3 ("Rule 16b-3") under the
Exchange Act, the transactions contemplated by Section 2.4(e) and any other
dispositions of Company equity securities (including derivative securities) or
acquisitions of Parent equity securities (including derivative securities) in
connection with this Agreement by each individual who (a) in the case of the
Company is a director or officer of the Company and (b) in the case of the
Parent is, or at the Effective Time will become, a director or officer of the
Parent.

                                     A-1-11

                                  ARTICLE III
                           THE SURVIVING CORPORATION

     3.1   Certificate of Incorporation. The Certificate of Merger shall
provide that the Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company as
amended and restated as set forth in such Certificate of Merger shall become
the Certificate of Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation, until the same
shall thereafter be altered, amended or repealed in accordance with applicable
law or such Certificate of Incorporation.

     3.2   Bylaws. The Certificate of Merger shall provide that the Bylaws of
the Company as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time shall become
the Bylaws of the Surviving Corporation, until the same shall thereafter be
altered, amended or repealed in accordance with applicable law, the
Certificate of Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation or such Bylaws.

     3.3   Directors and Officers. The Certificate of Merger shall provide that
from and after the Effective Time, until the earlier of their resignation or
removal or until their respective successors are duly elected or appointed and
qualified in accordance with applicable law, (i) the directors of the Merger
Sub at the Effective Time shall become the directors of the Surviving
Corporation, and (ii) the officers of the Merger Sub at the Effective Time
shall become the officers of the Surviving Corporation.

                                   ARTICLE IV
                 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY

     Except as disclosed in the Company Disclosure Letter delivered by the
Company to the Parent prior to the execution of this Agreement, the Company
represents and warrants to each of the other parties hereto as follows:

     4.1   Organization and Standing. Except as set forth in the Company
Disclosure Letter, the Company (i) is a corporation duly organized, validly
existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its
organization, (ii) has full corporate power and authority and all necessary
governmental approvals to own, lease and operate its properties and assets and
to conduct its business as presently conducted and (iii) is duly qualified or
licensed to do business as a foreign corporation and is in good standing in
each jurisdiction where the character of the properties owned, leased or
operated by it or the nature of its business makes such qualification or
licensing necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or licensed
would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Company Material Adverse
Effect. The Company has furnished or made available to the Parent true and
complete copies of the Company Certificate of Incorporation and the Company
Bylaws, each as amended to date. Such Company Certificate of Incorporation and
Company Bylaws are in full force and effect, and the Company is not in
violation of any provision therein.

     4.2   Authority for Agreement.

           (a)  The Company has all necessary corporate power and authority to
execute and deliver this Agreement, to perform its obligations hereunder and
to consummate the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this
Agreement. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this
Agreement, and the consummation by the Company of the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, have been duly authorized by all
necessary corporate action (including the approval of the Board of Directors
of the Company) and no other corporate proceedings on the part of the Company
are necessary to authorize this Agreement or to consummate the Merger or the
other transactions contemplated herein (other than, with respect to the
Merger, the approval and adoption of this Agreement by the Required Vote and
the filing and recordation of appropriate merger documents as required by the
DGCL). This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Company and,
assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery by the Parent and the
Merger Sub, constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company
enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except as
enforcement thereof may be limited against the Company by (i) bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and similar

                                     A-1-12

laws, both state and federal, affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights
or remedies in general as from time to time in effect or (ii) the exercise by
courts of equity powers.

           (b)  At a meeting duly called and held on February 5, 2001, the
Board of Directors of the Company (i) determined that this Agreement and the
other transactions contemplated herein, including the Merger, are advisable,
fair to and in the best interests of the Company and the Company Stockholders,
(ii) approved, authorized and adopted this Agreement, the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated herein, (iii) recommended approval and adoption of
this Agreement and the Merger by the Company Stockholders and (iv) established
a record date and meeting date and time for the Company Stockholders' Meeting.

           (c)  The Independent Advisor has delivered to the Board of Directors
of the Company its written opinion, dated as of the date of this Agreement,
that, as of such date and based on the assumptions, qualifications and
limitations contained therein, the Per Share Merger Consideration is fair,
from a financial point of view, to the Company Stockholders. A copy of such
opinion has been provided to the Parent. The Board of Directors of the Company
has received as of the date hereof from the Independent Advisor consent to the
inclusion of its name in any documents to be delivered to the Company
Stockholders in connection with the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.

     4.3   Capitalization. The authorized capital stock of the Company consists
of 195,000,000 shares of Company Common Stock and 5,000,000 shares of Company
Preferred Stock. As of the date hereof, (i) 47,249,399 shares of Company
Common Stock, all of which are validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable
and free of preemptive rights, (ii) no shares of Company Common Stock are held
in the treasury of the Company and (iii) 7,337,255 Company Stock Options are
outstanding pursuant to the Company Stock Plans, each such option entitling
the holder thereof to purchase one share of Company Common Stock, and
4,800,087 shares of Company Common Stock are authorized and reserved for
future issuance pursuant to the exercise of such Company Stock Options and
(iv) no shares of Company Preferred Stock are issued and outstanding. The
Company Disclosure Letter sets forth a true and complete list of the Company
Stock Options outstanding as of the date of this Agreement with the exercise
prices and periods of exercisability. Except as set forth above or in the
Company Disclosure Letter, as of the date of this Agreement, there are no
options, warrants, convertible securities, subscriptions, stock appreciation
rights, phantom stock plans or stock equivalents or other rights, agreements,
arrangements or commitments (contingent or otherwise) of any character issued
or authorized by the Company relating to the issued or unissued capital stock
of the Company or obligating the Company to issue or sell any shares of
capital stock of, or options, warrants, convertible securities, subscriptions
or other equity interests in, the Company. All shares of capital stock subject
to issuance as aforesaid, upon issuance on the terms and conditions specified
in the instruments pursuant to which they are issuable, will be duly
authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. Except as set forth
in the Company Disclosure Letter, there are no outstanding contractual
obligations of the Company to repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any
shares of Company Stock or to pay any dividend or make any other distribution
in respect thereof or to provide funds to, or make any investment (in the form
of a loan, capital contribution or otherwise) in, any Person. As of the date
hereof, there are no voting trusts or other agreements or understandings to
which the Company is a party with respect to the voting of stock of the
Company.

     4.4   Subsidiaries.

           (a)  The Company Disclosure Letter sets forth the name and state or
jurisdiction of incorporation of each Subsidiary. Each of the Subsidiaries (i)
is a corporation or other business entity duly organized, validly existing and
in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization, (ii)
has full corporate power and authority and all necessary government approvals
to own, lease and operate its properties and assets and to conduct its
business as presently conducted and (iii) is duly qualified or licensed to do
business as a foreign corporation and is in good standing in each jurisdiction
where the character of the properties owned, leased or operated by it or the
nature of its business makes such qualification or licensing necessary except
where failure to be so qualified or licensed would not, individually or in the
aggregate, have a Company Material Adverse Effect. The Company has furnished
or made available to the Parent true and complete copies of the certificate of
incorporation, bylaws or comparable organizational documents of each

                                     A-1-13

Subsidiary, each as amended to date. Such organizational documents are in full
force and effect, and no Subsidiary is in violation of any provision therein.

           (b)  The Company owns beneficially and of record all of the issued
and outstanding capital stock or other securities of each Subsidiary and does
not own an equity interest in any other corporation, partnership or entity,
other than in the Subsidiaries. Each outstanding share of capital stock or
other securities of each Subsidiary is duly authorized, validly issued, fully
paid and nonassessable and each such share or other equity interest owned by
the Company or another Subsidiary is free and clear of all security interests,
liens, claims, pledges, options, rights of first refusal, agreements,
limitations on the Company's or such other Subsidiary's voting rights, charges
and other encumbrances of any nature whatsoever.

     4.5   No Conflict. The execution and delivery of this Agreement by the
Company do not, and the performance of this Agreement by the Company and the
consummation of the Merger (subject to the approval and adoption of this
Agreement by the Company Required Vote) and the other transactions
contemplated by this Agreement will not, (i) conflict with or violate the
Company Certificate of Incorporation or Company Bylaws or equivalent
organizational documents of any of the Subsidiaries, (ii) subject to
Section 4.6, conflict with or violate any Law applicable to the Company or any
of the Subsidiaries or by which any material property or asset of the Company
or any of the Subsidiaries is bound or affected, or (iii) result in a breach
of or constitute a default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or
both would become a default) under, give to others any right of termination,
amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, result in triggering any payment
or other obligations, or result in the creation of a lien or other encumbrance
on any material property or asset of the Company or any of the Subsidiaries
pursuant to, any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, contract, agreement, lease,
license, permit, franchise or other instrument or obligation to which the
Company or any of the Subsidiaries is a party or by which the Company or any
of the Subsidiaries or any material property or asset of any of them is bound
or affected, except in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above for any such
conflicts, violations, breaches, defaults or other occurrences which could not
reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, have a
Company Material Adverse Effect.

     4.6   Required Filings and Consents. The execution and delivery of this
Agreement by the Company do not, and the performance of this Agreement by the
Company will not, require any consent, approval, authorization or permit of,
or filing with or notification to, any Governmental Entity, except (i) for
applicable requirements, if any, of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, or
state securities laws or "blue sky" laws and filing and recordation of
appropriate merger documents as required by the DGCL, and (ii) where failure
to obtain such consents, approvals, authorizations or permits, or to make such
filings or notifications, could not, individually or in the aggregate, have a
Company Material Adverse Effect.

     4.7   Compliance. Except as disclosed in the Company Reports filed by the
Company with the SEC prior to the date of this Agreement, the businesses of
the Company and the Subsidiaries are not being conducted in violation of any
law, ordinance, regulation, judgment, order, decree, writ, injunction, license
or permit of any Governmental Entity, except for violations which have not
had, and could not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the
aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect. No investigation or review by
any Governmental Entity with respect to the Company or any Subsidiary is
pending or, to the knowledge of the Company threatened, in each case other
than those the outcome of which have not had, and could not reasonably be
expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material
Adverse Effect.

     4.8   Litigation. Except as set forth in the Company Disclosure Letter,
there is no claim, suit, action, proceeding or investigation pending or, to
the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company or
any Subsidiary which, either individually or in the aggregate, has had, or
could be reasonably expected to have, a Company Material Adverse Effect, nor
is there any judgment, decree, injunction, rule or order of any Governmental
Entity or arbitrator outstanding against the Company or any Subsidiary, either
individually or in the aggregate, which has had, or could be reasonably
expected to have, a Company Material Adverse Effect.

                                     A-1-14

     4.9   Company Reports; Financial Statements.

           (a)  The Company has filed all Company Reports, each of which has
complied in all material respects with the applicable requirements of the
Securities Act, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, or the
Exchange Act, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, each as in
effect on the date so filed. None of the Company Reports (including but not
limited to, any financial statements or schedules included or incorporated by
reference therein) contained when filed any untrue statement of a material
fact or omitted or omits to state a material fact required to be stated or
incorporated by reference therein or necessary to make the statements therein,
in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

           (b)  All of the Company Financial Statements have been prepared in
accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods
involved (except as may be indicated in the notes thereto) and fairly present
in all material respects the consolidated financial position of the Company
and the Subsidiaries at the respective dates thereof and the consolidated
results of its operations and changes in cash flows for the periods indicated
(subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal year-end audit
adjustments).

           (c)  There are no liabilities of the Company or any of the
Subsidiaries of any kind whatsoever, whether or not accrued and whether or not
contingent or absolute, that are material to the Company and the Subsidiaries,
taken as a whole, other than (i) liabilities disclosed or provided for in the
consolidated balance sheet of the Company and the Subsidiaries at September
30, 2000, including the notes thereto, (ii) liabilities disclosed in the
Company Reports, (iii) liabilities incurred on behalf of the Company under
this Agreement and the contemplated Merger, and (iv) liabilities incurred in
the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice since September
30, 2000, none of which are, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably
likely to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.

           (d)  The Company has heretofore furnished or made available to the
Parent a complete and correct copy of any amendments or modifications which
have not yet been filed with the SEC to agreements, documents or other
instruments which previously had been filed by the Company with the SEC as
exhibits to the Company Reports pursuant to the Securities Act and the rules
and regulations promulgated thereunder or the Exchange Act and the rules and
regulations promulgated thereunder.

     4.10  Absence of Certain Changes or Events. Except as disclosed in the
Company Disclosure Letter and the Company Reports and except for any
Subsidiary liabilities incurred in connection with this Agreement or the
transactions contemplated hereby, since September 30, 2000, the Company and
its subsidiaries have conducted their business only in the ordinary course or
as disclosed in any Company Reports, and there has not been (i) any change or
event having, or that could reasonably be expected to have, a Company Material
Adverse Effect, (ii) any declaration, setting aside or payment of any dividend
or other distribution (whether in cash, stock or property) with respect to any
of the Company's capital stock, (iii) any split, combination or
reclassification of any of the Company's capital stock or any substitution for
shares of the Company's capital stock, except for issuances of Company Common
Stock upon the exercise of options awarded prior to the date hereof in
accordance with the Company Stock Plans, (iv) except as set forth in the
Company Disclosure Letter (1) any granting by the Company or any Subsidiary,
to any current or former director, executive officer or other key employee of
the Company or any Subsidiary, of any increase in compensation, bonus or other
benefits, except for normal increases in the ordinary course of business or as
was required under any employment agreements in effect as of the date of the
most recent audited financial statements included in the Company Reports filed
and publicly available prior to the date of this Agreement which have been
disclosed to Parent in the manner described in Section 4.15, (2) any granting
by the Company or any Subsidiary, to any such current or former director,
executive officer or key employee of any increase in severance or termination
pay or (3) any entry by the Company or any Subsidiary into, or any amendment
of, any employment, deferred compensation, consulting, severance, termination
or indemnification agreement with any such current or former director,
executive officer or key employee, (v) except insofar as may have been
disclosed in the Company Reports or required by a change in GAAP, any change
in accounting methods, principles or practices by the Company or any
Subsidiary, materially affecting its assets, liabilities or business or (vi)
except insofar as may have been disclosed in the Company Reports, any tax

                                     A-1-15

election that individually or in the aggregate could reasonably be expected to
have a Company Material Adverse Effect.

     4.11  Taxes.

           (a)  Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries has filed all Tax
Returns that it was required to file. All such Tax Returns were correct and
complete in all material respects. All Taxes owed by any of the Company and
the Subsidiaries (whether or not shown on any Tax Return) have been paid. None
of the Company and the Subsidiaries currently is the beneficiary of any
extension of time within which to file any Tax Return. No claim has ever been
made by an authority in a jurisdiction where the Company or any Subsidiary
does not file Tax Returns that it is or may be subject to taxation in that
jurisdiction. There are no security interests on any of the assets of any of
the Company and the Subsidiaries that arose in connection with any failure (or
alleged failure) to pay any Tax.

           (b)  Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries has withheld and paid
all Taxes required to have been withheld and paid in connection with amounts
paid or owing to any employee, independent contractor, creditor, stockholder
or other third party.

           (c)  There is no dispute or claim concerning any Tax liability of
any of the Company or the Subsidiaries either (i) claimed or raised by any
Governmental Entity in writing or (ii) as to which any of the directors,
officers and employees responsible for Tax matters of the Company and the
Subsidiaries has knowledge based upon personal contact with any agent of such
Governmental Entity. The Company Disclosure Letter lists all Tax Returns filed
with respect to any of the Company and the Subsidiaries that have been
audited, and indicates those Tax Returns that currently are the subject of
audit. The Company and the Subsidiaries have delivered to the Parent correct
and complete copies of all federal income Tax Returns, examination reports,
and statements of deficiencies assessed against or agreed to by any of the
Company and the Subsidiaries since January 1, 1998.

           (d)  None of the Company and the Subsidiaries has waived any statute
of limitations in respect of Taxes or agreed to any extension of time with
respect to a Tax assessment or deficiency.

           (e)  None of the Company and the Subsidiaries has filed a consent
under Section 341(f) of the Code concerning collapsible corporations. None of
the Company and the Subsidiaries is a party to any Tax allocation or sharing
agreement. None of the Company and the Subsidiaries (A) has been a member of
an affiliated group filing a consolidated federal income Tax Return (other
than a group the common parent of which was the Company) or (B) has any
liability for the Taxes of any Person (other than any of the Company and the
Subsidiaries) under Treasury Regulation Section 1.1502-6 (or any similar
provision of state, local or foreign law), as a transferee or successor, by
contract, or otherwise.

           (f)  The unpaid Taxes of the Company and the Subsidiaries did not,
as of September 30, 2000, exceed the reserve for Tax liability (rather than
any reserve for deferred Taxes established to reflect timing differences
between book and Tax income) set forth on the face of the balance sheet
(disregarding any notes thereto) included in the Company's unaudited financial
statements as of and for the nine months ended September 30, 2000 included in
the Company's Form 10-Q for such period as filed with the SEC.

     4.12  Title to Personal Property. Except as set forth in the 10-K or in
the Company Disclosure Letter, the Company and each of the Subsidiaries have
good and marketable title to, or a valid leasehold interest in, all of their
tangible personal properties and assets reflected in the 10-K or acquired
after December 31, 1999 (other than assets disposed of since December 31, 1999
in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice), in each
case free and clear of all mortgages, liens, pledges, security interests,
charges, claims, restrictions and encumbrances of any nature whatsoever,
except for such as which secure indebtedness and which are properly reflected
in the 10-K. The tangible personal property and assets of the Company and the
Subsidiaries are in good operating condition and in a state of good
maintenance and repair, ordinary wear and tear excepted, and are usable in the
regular and ordinary course of business. The Company and the Subsidiaries
either own, or have valid leasehold interests in, all tangible personal
properties and assets used by them in the conduct of their business, except
where the absence of such ownership or leasehold interest could not
individually or in the aggregate have a Company Material Adverse Effect.
Neither the

                                     A-1-16

Company nor any of the Subsidiaries has any legal obligation, absolute or
contingent, to any other Person to sell or otherwise dispose of any of its
tangible personal properties or assets with an individual value of $50,000 or
an aggregate value in excess of $100,000

     4.13  Real Property. Except as set forth in the 10-K, the Company and the
Subsidiaries have good and marketable title to, or a valid leasehold interest
in, all of their real properties reflected in the 10-K or acquired after
December 31, 1999, in each case free and clear of all title defects, liens,
encumbrances and restrictions, except for (i) liens, encumbrances or
restrictions which secure indebtedness and which are properly reflected in the
10-K; (ii) liens for Taxes accrued but not yet payable; (iii) liens arising as
a matter of law in the ordinary course of business with respect to obligations
incurred after December 31, 1999, provided that the obligations secured by
such liens are not delinquent; and (iv) such other title defects, liens,
encumbrances and restrictions, if any, as individually or in the aggregate are
not reasonably likely to have a Company Material Adverse Effect. The Company
Disclosure Letter sets forth a true, correct and complete list of all real
property owned by the Company or a Subsidiary at any time during the past five
years and a true and correct list of all real property leased by each of the
Company and the Subsidiaries identifying with respect to each lease of such
real property the date of, the parties to, and any amendments, modifications,
extensions or other supplements to such lease. Neither the Company nor any
Subsidiary has sent or received any written notice of any material default
under any of the leases of real property to which it is party. Neither the
Company nor any Subsidiary has breached or is in default in any material
respect under any covenant, agreement, term or condition of or contained in
any lease of real property to which it is a party and there has not occurred
any event that with the lapse of time or the giving of notice or both would
constitute such a default or breach.

     4.14  Environmental Compliance and Disclosure.

           (a)  Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries possesses, and is in
compliance in all material respects with, all permits, licenses and government
authorizations and has filed all notices that are required under Environmental
Laws applicable to the Company and the Subsidiaries, and each of the Company
and the Subsidiaries is in compliance with all applicable limitations,
restrictions, conditions, standards, prohibitions, requirements, obligations,
schedules and timetables contained in those laws or contained in any Law,
regulation, code, plan, order, decree, judgment, notice, permit or demand
letter issued, entered, promulgated or approved thereunder, except where the
failure to so comply, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably
be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.

           (b)  Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received written
notice of actual or threatened liability under CERCLA or any similar state or
local statute or ordinance from any Governmental Entity or any third party.

           (c)  Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has entered into or
agreed to, or does it contemplate entering into any consent decree or order,
and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is subject to any judgment, decree
or judicial or administrative order relating to compliance with any applicable
Environmental Laws.

           (d)  Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received notice that
it is subject to any claim, obligation, liability, loss, damage or expense of
whatever kind or nature, contingent or otherwise, incurred or imposed or based
upon any provision of any Environmental Law and arising out of any act or
omission of the Company or any Subsidiary, its employees, agents or
representatives.

     4.15  Officers and Employees. The Company Disclosure Letter contains a
true and complete list of all of the (a) executive officers of the Company and
the Subsidiaries and (b) all other key employees of the Company and the
Subsidiaries with annual compensation in excess of $125,000, in each case,
specifying, by individual, their position, annual salary and other amounts
paid and benefits provided to such individual. Except as set forth in the
Company Disclosure Letter, none of the Company and the Subsidiaries is a party
to or bound by any Employee/Consulting Agreement. The Company has provided to
the Parent true, correct and complete copies of each such Employee/Consulting
Agreement. The Company has provided the Parent with true, correct and complete
copies of any arbitration agreements or confidentiality agreements between the
Company or any Subsidiary and an officer, employee, or former employee,
consultant or independent

                                     A-1-17

contractor of the Company or any Subsidiary. None of the Company and the
Subsidiaries has made any verbal commitments to any such officers, employees
or former employees, consultants or independent contractors with respect to
compensation, promotion, retention, termination, severance or similar matters
in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or
otherwise. Except as set forth in the Company Disclosure Letter, all officers
and employees of the Company and the Subsidiaries are active on the date
hereof.

     4.16  Employee Benefit Plans.

           (a)  The Company Disclosure Letter contains a true and complete list
of each Company Benefit Plan sponsored, maintained or contributed to by the
Company or any Subsidiary within the last five calendar years. Each Company
Benefit Plan currently in effect is identified as a "current plan" on the
Company Disclosure Letter and any special tax status enjoyed by such plan is
noted on the Company Disclosure Letter.

           (b)  With respect to each Company Benefit Plan identified on the
Company Disclosure Letter, the Company has heretofore delivered or made
available to the Parent true and complete copies of (i) the plan documents and
any amendments thereto (or if the plan is not written, a written description
thereof), (ii) any related trust or other funding vehicle, (iii) annual
reports required to be filed with any Governmental Entity with respect to such
plan, actuarial reports, funding and financial information returns and
statements for the past three years, (iv) all contracts with any parties
providing services or insurance to such plan, (v) all material internal
memoranda regarding such plans, (vi) copies of material correspondence with
all Governmental Entities, plan summaries or summary plan descriptions,
summary annual reports, booklets and personnel manuals and any other reports
or summaries required under Applicable Benefit Laws, (vii) the most recent
determination letter received from the Internal Revenue Service with respect
to each such plan intended to qualify under Section 401 of the Code, if
applicable, and (viii) such other documentation with respect to any Company
Benefit Plan as is reasonably requested by the Parent.

           (c)  The Company and the Subsidiaries have maintained all material
employee data necessary to administer each Company Benefit Plan, including
data required to be maintained under Sections 107 and 209 of ERISA, and such
data is materially true and correct and is maintained in a usable form.

           (d)  No Company Benefit Plan or ERISA Affiliate Plan is or was
subject to Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code, nor is any Company
Benefit Plan or ERISA Affiliate Plan a "multiemployer pension plan", as
defined in Section 3(37) of ERISA, or subject to Section 302 of ERISA. Neither
the Company, any Subsidiary, an ERISA Affiliate nor a predecessor in interest
of any of them has or has had an obligation to make contributions or reimburse
another employer, either directly or indirectly, including through
indemnification or otherwise, for making contributions to a plan that is or
was subject to Title IV of ERISA. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has
incurred, and no facts exist which reasonably could be expected to result in,
liability to the Company or any Subsidiary as a result of a termination,
withdrawal or funding waiver with respect to any ERISA Affiliate Plan or
Company Benefit Plan.

           (e)  Each Company Benefit Plan has been established, registered,
qualified, invested, operated and administered in all respects in accordance
with its terms in compliance with all Applicable Benefit Laws and in
accordance with all understandings, written or oral, between the Company and
each Subsidiary and their respective current or former employees, directors,
officers, consultants, independent contractors, contingent workers or leased
employees, as applicable. None of the Company and the Subsidiaries has
incurred, and the Company has no knowledge of any facts that exist which
reasonably could be expected to result in any liability to the Company or any
Subsidiary with respect to any Company Benefit Plan or any ERISA Affiliate
Plan, including any liability, tax, penalty or fee under ERISA, the Code or
any Applicable Benefit Law (other than to pay premiums, contributions or
benefits in the ordinary course).

           (f)  All obligations regarding each Company Benefit Plan have been
satisfied, and there are no outstanding defaults or violations by any party to
any Company Benefit Plan. No taxes, penalties or fees are owing under any
Company Benefit Plan.

                                     A-1-18

           (g)  The Company has no knowledge of any facts or circumstances that
exist that is likely to adversely affect the tax-exempt status of a Company
Benefit Plan that is intended to be tax-exempt. Further, each Company Benefit
Plan intended to be "qualified" within the meaning of Section 401(a) of the
Code and the trusts maintained thereunder that are intended to be exempt from
taxation under Section 501(a) of the Code has received a favorable
determination or other letter indicating that it is so qualified.

           (h)  The assets of each Company Benefit Plan are reported at their
fair market value on the financial statements of each such plan.

           (i)  Other than those Company Benefit Plans listed in the Company
Disclosure Letter and as specifically described therein, no Company Benefit
Plan provides medical, surgical, hospitalization, death or similar benefits
(whether or not insured) for current or former employees, directors, officers,
consultants, independent contractors, contingent workers or leased employees
(or any of their dependents, spouses or beneficiaries) of the Company or any
Subsidiary or any predecessor in interest of such Company or Subsidiary for
periods extending beyond their retirement or other termination of service,
other than continuation coverage mandated by any Applicable Benefit Law and
only to the extent required under such law.

           (j)  All contributions or premiums required to be made by the
Company or any Subsidiary under the terms of each Company Benefit Plan or by
Applicable Benefit Laws have been made in a timely fashion in accordance with
Applicable Benefit Laws and the terms of the Company Benefit Plan.
Contributions or premiums will be paid by the Company or a Subsidiary for the
period up to the Closing even though not otherwise required to be made until a
later date. Each Company Benefit Plan is fully funded or fully insured on both
an ongoing and termination or wind-up basis, pursuant to the actuarial
assumptions set forth in the Company Disclosure Letter.

           (k)  No insurance policy or any other contract or agreement
affecting any Company Benefit Plan requires or permits a retroactive increase
in premiums or payments due thereunder. The level of insurance reserves under
each insured Company Benefit Plan is reasonable and sufficient to provide for
all incurred but unreported claims.

           (l)  There have been no improper withdrawals, applications or
transfers of assets from any Company Benefit Plan or the trusts or other
funding media relating thereto which would have a Company Material Adverse
Effect, and neither the Company, any Subsidiary nor any of their agents has
been in breach of any material fiduciary obligation with respect to the
administration of any Company Benefit Plan or the trusts or other funding
media relating thereto.

           (m)  The Company or a Subsidiary has the right under the terms of
each Company Benefit Plan and under Applicable Benefit Law to amend, revise,
merge or terminate such plan (or its participation in such plan) or transfer
the assets of such plan to another arrangement, plan or fund at any time
exclusively by action of the Company or such Subsidiary, and no additional
contributions would be required to properly effect such termination.

           (n)  The execution, delivery and performance of, and consummation of
the transactions contemplated by, this Agreement will not (i) entitle any
current or former employee, director, officer, consultant, independent
contractors, contingent worker or leased employee (or any of their dependents,
spouses or beneficiaries) of the Company or any Subsidiary to severance pay,
unemployment compensation or any other payment, (ii) accelerate the time of
payment or vesting or (iii) increase the amount of compensation due any such
individual.

           (o)  None of the Company and the Subsidiaries has made any payments,
is obligated to make any payments, or is a party to any agreement that under
certain circumstances could obligate the Company or any Subsidiary to make any
payments that will not be deductible for federal income tax purposes by reason
of Section 280G of the Code.

           (p)  There are no pending or, to the Company's knowledge, threatened
or anticipated claims, investigations, examinations, audits or other
proceedings or actions by, against, involving or on behalf of any Company
Benefit Plan by any current or former employee, director, officer, consultant,
independent

                                     A-1-19

contractors, contingent worker or leased employee (or any of their dependents,
spouses or beneficiaries) of the Company or any Subsidiary or any predecessor
in interest covered under such Company Benefit Plan, by any Governmental
Entities or otherwise involving any such Company Benefit Plan (other than
routine claims for benefits).

     4.17  Labor Relations. Except as set forth in the Company Disclosure
Letter:

           (a)  the employees of the Company and the Subsidiaries have not
been, and currently are not, represented by a labor organization or group
which was either certified or voluntarily recognized by any labor relations
board, including the NLRB or certified or voluntarily recognized by any other
Governmental Entity;

           (b)  no claim, complaint, charge or investigation for unpaid wages,
bonuses, commissions, employment withholding taxes, penalties, overtime or
other compensation, benefits, child labor or record keeping violations has
been filed or is pending or, the knowledge of the Company, is threatened under
the FLSA, Davis-Bacon Act, Walsh-Healey Act, or Service Contract Act or any
other federal, state, local, provincial or foreign law, regulation or
ordinance;

           (c)  no discrimination and/or retaliation claim, complaint, charge
or investigation has been filed or is pending or, to the knowledge of the
Company, is threatened against the Company or any Subsidiary under the 1866 or
1964 Civil Rights Acts, the Equal Pay Act, the ADEA, the ADA, the FMLA, the
FLSA, ERISA or any other federal law or comparable state fair employment
practices act or foreign law, including any provincial law regulating
discrimination in the workplace;

           (d)  neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has taken any action
that would constitute a "mass layoff", "mass termination" or "plant closing"
within the meaning of WARN or otherwise trigger notice requirements or
liability under any federal, local, state or foreign plant closing notice or
collective dismissal law;

           (e)  no wrongful discharge, retaliation, libel, slander or other
claim, complaint, charge or investigation that arises out of the employment
relationship between the Company or any Subsidiary and its respective
employees has been filed or is pending or, the knowledge of the Company, is
threatened against the Company or any Subsidiary under any applicable law;

           (f)  each of the Company and the Subsidiaries has maintained and
currently maintains adequate insurance as required by applicable law with
respect to workers' compensation claims and unemployment benefits claims;

           (g)  each of the Company and the Subsidiaries is in compliance with
all applicable laws, regulations and orders governing or concerning conditions
of employment, employment discrimination and harassment, wages, hours or
occupations safety and health, including the Labor Laws, except where the
failure to so comply , individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably
be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect;

           (h)  neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is liable for any
liabilities, judgments, decrees, orders, arrearage of wages or taxes, fines or
penalties for failure to comply with any of the Labor Laws; and

           (i)  the Company has provided the Parent with a copy of the policy
of each of the Company and the Subsidiaries for providing leaves of absence
under the FMLA and the Company Disclosure Letter identifies each employee who
is eligible to request FMLA leave and the amount of FMLA leave utilized by
each such employee during the current leave year; each employee who will be on
FMLA leave at the Closing and his or her job title and description, salary and
benefits; each employee who has requested FMLA leave to begin after the
Closing; a description of the leave requested; and a copy of all notices
provided to such employee regarding that leave.

     4.18  Contracts and Commitments. Except as set forth in the Company
Disclosure Letter or disclosed in the Company Reports, neither the Company nor
any Subsidiary is a party to, or is bound or affected by, or receives benefits
under any (a) servicing agreements providing for aggregate payments in any

                                     A-1-20

calendar year in excess of $100,000; (b) contracts of employment; (c)
agreements or arrangements for the purchase or sale of any assets (other than
in the ordinary course of business); (d) contracts or agreements containing
covenants limiting the freedom of the Company, or any Subsidiary, to engage in
any line of business or to compete with any entity; (e) any joint venture,
partnership or similar agreement; (f) exchange traded or over-the-counter
swap, forward, future, option, cap, floor or collar financial contract, or any
other interest rate or foreign currency protection contract; (g) agreement
providing for aggregate payments to any director, officer or consultant of the
Company or any Subsidiary in any calendar year in excess of $125,000; (h)
material agreement, indenture or other instrument relating to the borrowing of
money by the Company or any Subsidiary, the guarantee by the Company or any
Subsidiary of any such obligation (other than trade payables and instruments
relating to transactions entered into in the ordinary course of business), or
the sale, securitization or servicing of loans or loan portfolios of the
Company or any Subsidiary; or (i) other contract or agreement or amendment
thereto that would be required to be filed as an exhibit to a Form 10-K filed
by the Company with the SEC as of the date of this Agreement. Neither the
Company nor any Subsidiary is in breach or default under any such contracts,
agreements, instruments or arrangements, which default or breach has had or
could reasonably be expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate,
a Company Material Adverse Effect, and there has not occurred any event that
with the lapse of time or the giving of notice or both would constitute such a
default.

     4.19  Information Supplied.

           (a)  None of the information supplied or to be supplied by the
Company for inclusion or incorporation by reference in (A) the Form S-4 to be
filed with the SEC by the Parent in connection with the issuance of the Parent
Common Stock in the Merger will, at the time the Form S-4 becomes effective
under the Securities Act, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to
make the statements therein not misleading and (B) the Proxy Statement/
Prospectus included in the Form S-4 related to the Stockholders' Meetings and
the Parent Common Stock to be issued in the Merger will, on the date it is
first mailed to the stockholders of the Parent and the Company Stockholders or
at the time of the Stockholders' Meetings, contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein
or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Proxy Statement/
Prospectus will comply as to form in all material respects with the
requirements of the Exchange Act.

           (b)  Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 4.19,
no representation or warranty is made by the Company with respect to
statements made or incorporated by reference in the Form S-4 or the Proxy
Statement/Prospectus based on information supplied by the Parent for inclusion
or incorporation by reference therein.

     4.20  Intellectual Property.

           (a)  Section 4.20(a) of the Company Disclosure Letter sets forth a
true and correct list of all Intellectual Property owned by the Company and
the Subsidiaries that is the subject of registration, issuance or an
application for registration and the jurisdictions where each is registered,
issued or applied for and any such registration, filing and issuance remains
in full force and effect as of the date of this Agreement. The Company or a
Subsidiary is listed in the records of the appropriate United States, state,
or foreign registry as the sole current owner of record for each application,
issuance and registration and has the exclusive right to file, prosecute and
maintain all applications and registrations with respect to the Intellectual
Property that is listed on such Section 4.20(a).

           (b)  The Company and the Subsidiaries have good and marketable title
to or possesses adequate licenses or other valid rights to use all
Intellectual Property (not just the Intellectual Property listed on the
Section 4.20(a) of the Company Disclosure Letter, free and clear of all liens
and has paid all maintenance fees, renewals or expenses, if any, related to
such Intellectual Property. To the best knowledge of the Company and its
Subsidiaries, neither the use of such Intellectual Property nor the conduct of
the Company and the Subsidiaries in accordance with their businesses as
presently conducted, misappropriates, infringes upon or conflicts with any
patent, copyright, trade name, trade secret, trademark or other intellectual
property rights of any third party. Except as set forth on such Section
4.20(a) of the Company Disclosure

                                     A-1-21

Letter, no party has filed a claim against, or threatened to file a claim
against, or has provided a notice to, the Company or any Subsidiary alleging
that it (the Company or the Subsidiary) has violated, infringed on or
otherwise improperly used the intellectual property rights of such party and,
to the best knowledge of the Company and the Subsidiaries, neither the Company
nor any Subsidiary has violated or infringed any patent, trademark, trade
name, service mark, service name, copyright, trade secret or other
intellectual property held by others. Except as set forth on Section 4.20(b)
of the Company Disclosure Letter, the Company and its Subsidiaries do not
believe that any other entity has violated, infringed on or otherwise
improperly used any of the Intellectual Property owned by the Company or any
Subsidiary and the Company and its Subsidiaries have not filed a claim
against, or threatened to file a claim against, and have not provided a notice
to, any third party alleging any such violation, infringement or improper use
of the Intellectual Property owned by the Company or any Subsidiary.

           (c)  Section 4.20(c) of the Company Disclosure Letter sets forth a
true and complete list of: (i) all Company Proprietary Software; (ii) all
Company Licensed Software or Intellectual Property licensed by the Company or
any Subsidiary material to the operation of the business of the Company and
its Subsidiaries as presently conducted; and (iii) all technical and
restricted materials relating to the acquisition, design, development, use or
maintenance of computer code program documentation and materials used by the
Company and the Subsidiaries material to the operation of the business of the
Company and its Subsidiaries as presently conducted.

           (d)  Subject to any licenses and other agreements identified on
Section 4.20(d) of the Company Disclosure Letter, the Company and the
Subsidiaries have all right, title and interest in and to all intellectual
property rights in the Company Proprietary Software. The Company and the
Subsidiaries have developed the Company Proprietary Software through their own
efforts, as described in such Section 4.20(f) of the Company Disclosure
Letter, and for their own account, or have obtained all rights thereto, and
the Company Proprietary Software is free and clear of all Liens. The use of
the Company Licensed Software and the use of the Company Proprietary Software
does not breach any terms of any license or other contract between the Company
or any Subsidiary and any third party that would have a Company Material
Adverse Effect. Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries is in compliance with
the terms and conditions of all license agreements in favor of the Company and
the Subsidiaries relating to the Company Licensed Software material to the
operation of the business of the Company as presently conducted.

           (e)  To the best knowledge of the Company and the Subsidiaries, the
Company Proprietary Software does not infringe any patent, copyright or trade
secret or any other intellectual property right of any third party in such a
manner that would have a Company Material Adverse Effect. The source code for
the Company Proprietary Software has been maintained in confidence, and has
not been disclosed to any persons or entities outside the Company and its
Subsidiaries, except as set forth on the Company Disclosure Letter, all such
disclosures being made pursuant to appropriate confidentiality provisions.

           (f)  The Company Proprietary Software was: (i) developed by the
employees of the Company and the Subsidiaries working within the scope of
their employment at the time of such development; (ii) developed by agents,
consultants, contractors or others who have executed appropriate instruments
of assignment or instruments of obligation to assign in favor of the Company
or a Subsidiary as assignee that have conveyed or obligate such agents,
consultants and contractors to convey to the Company or such Subsidiary
ownership of all of its intellectual property rights in the Company
Proprietary Software; or (iii) acquired by the Company or a Subsidiary in
connection with acquisitions in which the Company or such Subsidiary obtained
appropriate representations, warranties and indemnities from the transferring
party relating to the title to such Company Proprietary Software. Neither the
Company nor any Subsidiary has received notice from any third party claiming
any right, title or interest in the Company Proprietary Software.

           (g)  Except as set forth on Section 4.20(g) of the Company
Disclosure Letter, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has granted rights
or licenses in Company Software or any other Intellectual Property owned by
the Company or any Subsidiary to any third party.

           (h)  The licenses and agreements set forth on such Sections 4.20(c),
4.20(d) and 4.20(g) of the Company Disclosure Letter are valid and binding
obligations of the Company or a Subsidiary, as applicable, enforceable in
accordance with their terms, and to the Company's knowledge, there exists no

                                     A-1-22

event or condition which will result in a violation or breach of, or
constitute (with or without due notice of lapse of time or both) a default by
any party under any such licenses or agreements.

           (i)  The Company and each Subsidiary take reasonable measures to
protect the confidentiality of its trade secrets, including requiring their
employees and other parties having access thereto to execute written non-
disclosure agreements. To the knowledge of the Company and its Subsidiaries,
no trade secret of the Company or its Subsidiaries has been disclosed or
authorized to be disclosed to any third party other than pursuant to a non-
disclosure agreement. To the knowledge of the Company and its Subsidiaries, no
party to any non- disclosure agreement relating to its trade secrets is in
breach or default thereof

           (j)  To the knowledge of the Company and the Subsidiaries, no
current or former partner, director, officer, or employee of the Company or
any Subsidiary (or any of their respective predecessors in interest) will,
after giving effect to the transactions contemplated herein, directly own or
retain any rights to use any of the Intellectual Property owned or used by the
Company or any Subsidiary.

     4.21  Insurance Policies. The Company and the Subsidiaries maintain
insurance with reputable insurers for the business and assets of the Company
and the Subsidiaries against all risks normally insured against, and in
amounts normally carried, by corporations of similar size engaged in similar
lines of business and such coverage is sufficient. Section 4.21 of the Company
Disclosure Letter sets forth a correct and complete list of all policies of
insurance carried by the Company and the Subsidiaries with respect to their
business or assets. All insurance policies and bonds with respect to the
business and assets of the Company and the Subsidiaries are in full force and
effect and will be maintained by the Company and the Subsidiaries in full
force and effect as they apply to any matter, action or event relating to the
Company and the Subsidiaries occurring through the Closing Date and neither
the Company nor any Subsidiary has reached or exceeded its policy limits for
any insurance policies in effect at any time during the past five years.

     4.22  Transactions with Affiliates. Except as set forth in the Company
Disclosure Letter (other than compensation and benefits received in the
ordinary course of business as an employee or director of the Company or the
Subsidiaries), no director, officer or other "affiliate" or "associate" (as
such terms are defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act) of the Company or
any Subsidiary or any entity in which, to the knowledge of the Company, any
such director, officer or other affiliate or associate, owns any beneficial
interest (other than a publicly held corporation whose stock is traded on a
national securities exchange or in the over-the-counter market and less than
1% of the stock of which is beneficially owned by any such Persons) or has any
interest in: (i) any contract, arrangement or understanding with, or relating
to, the business or operations of the Company or any Subsidiary; (ii) any
loan, arrangement, understanding, agreement or contract for or relating to
indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary; or (iii) any property (real,
personal or mixed), tangible, or intangible, used or currently intended to be
used in, the business or operations of the Company or any Subsidiary.

     4.23  No Existing Discussions. As of the date hereof, the Company is not
engaged, directly or indirectly, in any negotiation, discussion or exchange of
information with any other party with respect to or in contemplation of an
Acquisition Proposal.

     4.24  Antitakeover Statutes; Absence of Dissenters' Rights. As of the date
of this Agreement, each of the Company and the Board of Directors of the
Company has taken all action required to be taken by it to exempt this
Agreement and the Voting Agreements and the transactions contemplated hereby
and thereby from, and this Agreement and the Voting Agreements and the
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby are exempt from the requirements
of, any "moratorium", "control share", "fair price", "affiliate transaction",
"business combination" or other antitakeover laws and regulations of any
state, including the provisions of Section 203 of the DGCL. No holder of any
capital stock of the Company or any other securities of the Company is
entitled to any dissenters' rights, appraisal rights or similar rights by
virtue of this Agreement, the Merger or any of the other transactions
contemplated hereby (including those contemplated by the Voting Agreements).

     4.25  Brokers. No broker, finder or investment banker (other than the
Independent Advisor) is entitled to any brokerage, finder's or other fee or
commission in connection with this Agreement, the Merger

                                     A-1-23

or the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement based upon
arrangements made by or on behalf of the Company. The Company Disclosure
Letter includes a complete and correct copy of all agreements between the
Company and the Independent Advisor pursuant to which such firm would be
entitled to any payment relating to this Agreement, the Merger or the other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

     4.26  Vote Required. The affirmative vote of the holders of shares
representing a majority of the shares of Company Common Stock entitled to vote
on the approval and adoption of this Agreement and the Merger (the "Company
Required Vote") is the only vote or approval of the holders of any class or
series of capital stock of the Company necessary to adopt this Agreement and
to approve the transactions contemplated hereby.

                                   ARTICLE V
            REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF MERGER SUB AND PARENT

     Except as disclosed in the Parent Disclosure Letter delivered by the
Parent to the Company prior to the execution of this Agreement, each of the
Parent and the Merger Sub represents and warrants to the Company as follows:

     5.1   Organization and Standing.

           (a)  The Parent (i) is a corporation duly organized, validly
existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its
incorporation, (ii) has full corporate power and authority to own, lease and
operate its properties and assets and to conduct its business as presently
conducted and (iii) is duly qualified or licensed to do business as a foreign
corporation and is in good standing in each jurisdiction where the character
of the properties owned, leased or operated by it or the nature of its
business makes such qualification or licensing necessary, except where the
failure to be so qualified or licensed would not, individually or in the
aggregate, have a Parent Material Adverse Effect. The Parent has furnished or
made available to the Company true and complete copies of its Certificate of
Incorporation and Bylaws, each as amended to date. Such Certificate of
Incorporation and Bylaws are in full force and effect, and the Parent is not
in violation of any provision therein.

           (b)  Merger Sub (i) is a limited liability company duly organized,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of
its formation, (ii) has full company power and authority to own, lease and
operate its properties and assets and to conduct its business as presently
conducted and (iii) is duly qualified or licensed to do business as a foreign
corporation and is in good standing in each jurisdiction where the character
of the properties owned, leased or operated by it or the nature of its
business makes such qualification or licensing necessary, except where the
failure to be so qualified or licensed would not, individually or in the
aggregate, have a Parent Material Adverse Effect. The Merger Sub has furnished
or made available to the Company a true and complete copy of its Certificate
of Formation, as amended to date. Such Certificate of Formation is in full
force and effect, and the Merger Sub is not in violation of any provision
therein.

     5.2   Authority for Agreement.

           (a)  Such Person has all necessary corporate or company power and
authority to execute and deliver this Agreement, to perform its obligations
hereunder and to consummate the Merger and the other transactions contemplated
by this Agreement. The execution, delivery and performance by such Person of
this Agreement, and the consummation by each such Person of the Merger and the
other transactions contemplated by this Agreement, have been duly authorized
by all necessary corporate or company action and no other corporate or company
proceedings on the part of such Person are necessary to authorize this
Agreement or to consummate the Merger or the other transactions contemplated
by this Agreement (other than, with respect to the Merger, the approval and
adoption of this Agreement by the Parent Required Vote and the filing and
recordation of appropriate merger documents as required by the DGCL). This
Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by such Person and, assuming
due authorization, execution and delivery by the Company, constitutes a legal,
valid and binding obligation of each of such Persons enforceable against such
Person in accordance with its terms, except as enforcement thereof may be
limited against such Person by (i) bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,
moratorium and similar laws, both state and federal, affecting

                                     A-1-24

the enforcement of creditors' rights or remedies in general as from time to
time in effect or (ii) the exercise by courts of equity powers.

           (b)  At a meeting duly called and held on February 5, 2001, the
Board of Directors of the Parent (i) determined that this Agreement and the
other transactions contemplated herein, including the Merger, are advisable,
fair to and in the best interests of the Parent and the Parent Stockholders,
(ii) approved, authorized and adopted this Agreement, the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated herein, (iii) recommended approval and adoption of
this Agreement and the Merger by the Parent Stockholders, and (iv) to the
extent not previously established, established a record date and meeting date
and time for the Parent Stockholders' Meeting.

           (c)  The Parent's financial advisor has delivered to the Board of
Directors of the Parent its written opinion, dated as of the date of this
Agreement, that, as of such date and based on the assumptions, qualifications
and limitations contained therein, the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, including the Merger, and the Securities Purchase Agreement are
fair to the Parent from a financial point of view. A copy of such opinion has
been provided to the Company. The Board of Directors of the Parent has
received as of the date hereof from its financial advisor consent to the
inclusion of its name in any documents to be delivered to the Parent
Stockholders in connection with the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.

     5.3   No Conflict. The execution and delivery of this Agreement by such
Person do not, and the performance of this Agreement by such Person and the
consummation of the Merger (subject to the approval and adoption of this
Agreement by the Parent Required Vote of the Parent stockholders) and the
other transactions contemplated by this Agreement will not, (i) conflict with
or violate such Person's Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws or Certificate
of Formation, as the case may be, (ii) subject to Section 5.4, conflict with
or violate any Law applicable to such Person or by which any material property
or asset of such Person is bound or affected, or (iii) result in a breach of
or constitute a default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or
both would become a default) under, give to others any right of termination,
amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, result in triggering any payment
or other obligations, or result in the creation of a lien or other encumbrance
on any material property or asset of such Person pursuant to, any note, bond,
mortgage, indenture, contract, agreement, lease, license, permit, franchise or
other instrument or obligation to which such Person is a party or by which
such Person or any material property or asset of any of it is bound or
affected, except in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above for any such
conflicts, violations, breaches, defaults or other occurrences which could not
reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, have a
Parent Material Adverse Effect.

     5.4   Required Filings and Consents. The execution and delivery of this
Agreement by such Person do not, and the performance of this Agreement by such
Person will not, require any consent, approval, authorization or permit of, or
filing with or notification to, any Governmental Entity, except (i) for
applicable requirements, if any, of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, or
state securities laws or "blue sky" laws and filing and recordation of
appropriate merger documents as required by the DGCL and (ii) where failure to
obtain such consents, approvals, authorizations or permits, or to make such
filings or notifications, could not, individually or in the aggregate, have a
Parent Material Adverse Effect.

     5.5   Compliance. Except as disclosed in the Parent Reports filed by the
Parent with the SEC prior to the date of this Agreement, as of the date of
this Agreement the businesses of the Parent and its subsidiaries are not being
conducted in violation of any law, ordinance, regulation, judgment, order,
decree, writ, injunction, license or permit of any Governmental Entity, except
for violations which have not had, and could not reasonably be expected to
have, individually or in the aggregate, a Parent Material Adverse Effect. No
investigation or review by any Governmental Entity with respect to the Parent
or any of its subsidiaries is pending or, to the knowledge of the Parent
threatened, in each case other than those the outcome of which have not had,
and could not reasonably be expected to have, either individually or in the
aggregate, a Parent Material Adverse Effect.

     5.6   Capitalization. The authorized capital stock of the Parent consists
of 65,000,000 shares of Parent Common Stock and 5,000,000 shares of Parent
Preferred Stock. As of the date hereof, there were (i) 29,706,770 shares of
Parent Common Stock outstanding, all of which are validly issued, fully paid
and

                                     A-1-25

nonassessable and free of preemptive rights, (ii) 35,293,230 shares of Parent
Common Stock are held in the treasury of the Parent and (iii) 8,055,049 Parent
Stock Options are outstanding pursuant to the Parent's stock plans (excluding
Parent Stock Options issued pursuant to the Family Point Inc. Stock Option
Plan), each such option entitling the holder thereof to purchase one share of
Parent Common Stock, and 1,597,056 shares of Parent Common Stock are
authorized and reserved for future issuance pursuant to the exercise of such
Parent Stock Options and (iv) no shares of Parent Preferred Stock are issued
and outstanding. The Parent Disclosure Letter sets forth the aggregate amount
of the outstanding Parent Stock Options outstanding under each of Parent's
stock plans as of the date of this Agreement. Except as set forth above or in
the Parent Disclosure Letter, there are no options, warrants, convertible
securities, subscriptions, stock appreciation rights, phantom stock plans or
stock equivalents or other rights, agreements, arrangements or commitments
(contingent or otherwise) of any character issued or authorized by the Parent
relating to the issued or unissued capital stock of the Parent or obligating
the Parent to issue or sell any shares of capital stock of, or options,
warrants, convertible securities, subscriptions or other equity interests in,
the Parent. All shares of capital stock subject to issuance as aforesaid, upon
issuance on the terms and conditions specified in the instruments pursuant to
which they are issuable, will be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid
and nonassessable. Except as set forth in the Parent Disclosure Letter, as of
the date of this Agreement, there are no outstanding contractual obligations
of the Parent to repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any shares of capital
stock of Parent or to pay any dividend or make any other distribution in
respect thereof or to provide funds to, or make any investment (in the form of
a loan, capital contribution or otherwise) in, any Person in excess of
$1,000,000 in any single calendar year. As of the date hereof, except as set
forth in the Investment Agreements, there are no voting trusts or other
agreements or understandings to which the Parent is a party with respect to
the voting of stock of the Parent.

     5.7   Litigation. Except as set forth in the Parent Disclosure Letter,
there is no claim, suit, action, proceeding or investigation pending or, to
the knowledge of the Parent, threatened against or affecting the Parent or any
of its subsidiaries which, either individually or in the aggregate, has had,
or could be reasonably expected to have, a Parent Material Adverse Effect, nor
is there any judgment, decree, injunction, rule or order of any Governmental
Entity or arbitrator outstanding against the Parent or any of its
subsidiaries, either individually or in the aggregate, which has had, or could
be reasonably expected to have, a Parent Material Adverse Effect.

     5.8   Subsidiaries.

           (a)  The Parent Disclosure Letter sets forth the name and state or
jurisdiction of incorporation or formation of each of its subsidiaries. Each
of such subsidiaries (i) is a corporation or other business entity duly
organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the
jurisdiction of its organization, (ii) has full corporate power and authority
and all necessary government approvals to own, lease and operate its
properties and assets and to conduct its business as presently conducted and
(iii) is duly qualified or licensed to do business as a foreign corporation
and is in good standing in each jurisdiction where the character of the
properties owned, leased or operated by it or the nature of its business makes
such qualification or licensing necessary except where failure to be so
qualified or licensed would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a
Parent Material Adverse Effect. The Parent has furnished or made available to
the Company true and complete copies of the certificate of incorporation,
bylaws or comparable organizational documents of each such subsidiary, each as
amended to date. Such organizational documents are in full force and effect,
and no such subsidiary is in violation of any provision therein.

           (b)  The Parent owns beneficially, directly or indirectly, all of
the issued and outstanding capital stock or other securities of each such
subsidiary and, except as set forth in the Parent Disclosure Letter, does not
own an equity interest in any other corporation, partnership or entity, other
than in such subsidiaries. Each outstanding share of capital stock or other
securities of each such subsidiary is duly authorized, validly issued, fully
paid and nonassessable (or the foreign equivalent for foreign subsidiaries)
and each such share or other equity interest owned by the Parent or one of its
subsidiaries is free and clear of all security interests, liens, claims,
pledges, options, rights of first refusal, agreements, limitations on the
Parent's or such other subsidiary's voting rights, charges and other
encumbrances of any nature whatsoever.

                                     A-1-26

           (c)  The Merger Sub was formed for the purpose of effecting the
Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby, and has not undertaken
any business or other activities other than in connection with entering into
this Agreement, pursuing the Merger and engaging in the other transactions
contemplated hereby.

     5.9   Parent Reports; Parent Financial Statements.

           (a)  The Parent has filed all Parent Reports, each of which has
complied in all material respects with the applicable requirements of the
Securities Act, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, or the
Exchange Act, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, each as in
effect on the date so filed. None of the Parent Reports (including any
financial statements or schedules included or incorporated by reference
therein) contained when filed any untrue statement of a material fact or
omitted or omits to state a material fact required to be stated or
incorporated by reference therein or necessary to make the statements therein,
in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

           (b)  All of the Parent Financial Statements have been prepared in
accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods
involved (except as may be indicated in the notes thereto) and fairly present
in all material respects the consolidated financial position of the Parent and
its subsidiaries at the respective dates thereof and the consolidated results
of its operations and changes in cash flows for the periods indicated
(subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal year-end audit
adjustments).

           (c)  Except as set forth in the Parent Disclosure Letter, there are
no liabilities of the Parent or any of its subsidiaries of any kind
whatsoever, whether or not accrued and whether or not contingent or absolute,
that are material to the Parent and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, other
than (i) liabilities disclosed or provided for in the consolidated balance
sheet of the Parent and its subsidiaries at September 30, 2000, including the
notes thereto, (ii) liabilities disclosed in the Parent Reports, (iii)
liabilities incurred on behalf of the Parent under this Agreement and the
contemplated Merger, and (iv) liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of
business consistent with past practice since September 30, 2000, none of which
are, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably likely to have a Parent
Material Adverse Effect.

           (d)  Except as set forth in the Parent Disclosure Letter, the Parent
has heretofore furnished or made available to the Company a complete and
correct copy of any amendments or modifications which have not yet been filed
with the SEC to agreements, documents or other instruments which previously
had been filed by the Parent with the SEC as exhibits to the Parent Reports
pursuant to the Securities Act and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder or the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder.

     5.10  Absence of Certain Changes or Events. Except as set forth in the
Parent Disclosure Letter and the Parent Reports and except for the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, since September 30, 2000, the
Parent and its subsidiaries have conducted their business only in the ordinary
course and there has not been (i) any change or event having, or that could
reasonably be expected to have a Parent Material Adverse Effect, (ii) any
split, combination or reclassification of any of the Parent's outstanding
capital stock or any issuance or the authorization of any issuance of any
other securities in respect of, in lieu of or in substitution for shares of
the Parent's outstanding capital stock, (iii) except insofar as may have been
disclosed in the Parent Reports or required by a change in GAAP, any change in
accounting methods, principles or practices by the Parent or any subsidiary,
materially affecting its assets, liabilities or business, or (iv) except
insofar as may have been reasonably disclosed in the Parent Reports, any tax
election that individually or in the aggregate could reasonably be expected to
have a Parent Material Adverse Effect.

     5.11  Taxes.

           (a)  Except as set forth in the Parent Disclosure Letter, each of
the Parent and its subsidiaries has filed all Tax Returns that it was required
to file. All such Tax Returns were correct and complete in all material
respects. All Taxes owed by any of the Parent and its subsidiaries have been
paid. Except as set forth in the Parent Disclosure Letter, none of the Parent
and its subsidiaries currently is the beneficiary of any extension of time
within which to file any Tax Return. No claim has ever been made by an
authority in a jurisdiction where the Parent or any subsidiary does not file
Tax Returns that it is or may be

                                     A-1-27

subject to taxation in that jurisdiction. There are no security interests on
any of the assets of any of the Parent and its subsidiaries that arose in
connection with any failure (or alleged failure) to pay any Tax.

           (b)  Each of the Parent and its subsidiaries has withheld and paid
all Taxes required to have been withheld and paid in connection with amounts
paid or owing to any employee, independent contractor, creditor, stockholder
or other third party.

     5.12  Information Supplied.

           (a)  None of the information supplied or to be supplied by the
Parent for inclusion or incorporation by reference in (A) the Form S-4 to be
filed with the SEC by the Parent in connection with the issuance of the Parent
Common Stock in the Merger will, at the time the Form S-4 becomes effective
under the Securities Act, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to
make the statements therein not misleading and (B) the Proxy Statement/
Prospectus included in the Form S-4 related to the Stockholders' Meetings and
the Parent Common Stock to be issued in the Merger will, on the date it is
first mailed to the stockholders of the Parent and of the Company or at the
time of the Stockholders' Meetings, contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or
necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Proxy Statement/
Prospectus will comply as to form in all material respects with the
requirements of the Exchange Act.

           (b)  Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 5.12,
no representation or warranty is made by the Parent with respect to statements
made or incorporated by reference in the Form S-4 or the Proxy Statement/
Prospectus based on information supplied by the Company for inclusion or
incorporation by reference therein.

     5.13  Intellectual Property.

           (a)  The Parent Disclosure Letter sets forth a true and correct list
of all Intellectual Property owned by the Parent or its subsidiaries that is
the subject of registration, issuance or an application for registration and
the jurisdictions where each is registered, issued or applied for and any such
registration, filing and issuance remains in full force and effect as of the
date of this Agreement. The Parent or a subsidiary of the Parent is listed in
the records of the appropriate United States, state, or foreign registry as
the sole current owner of record for each application, issuance and
registration and has the exclusive right to file, prosecute and maintain all
applications and registrations with respect to the Intellectual Property that
is listed on the Parent Disclosure Letter.

           (b)  The Parent and its subsidiaries have good and marketable title
to or possesses adequate licenses or other valid rights to use all
Intellectual Property (not just the Intellectual Property listed on the Parent
Disclosure Letter, free and clear of all liens and has paid all maintenance
fees, renewals or expenses, if any, related to such Intellectual Property. To
the best knowledge of the Parent and its subsidiaries, neither the use of such
Intellectual Property nor the conduct of the Parent and its subsidiaries in
accordance with their businesses as presently conducted, misappropriates,
infringes upon or conflicts with any patent, copyright, trade name, trade
secret, trademark or other intellectual property rights of any third party.
Except as set forth on the Parent Disclosure Letter, no party has filed a
claim against, or threatened to file a claim against, or has provided a notice
to, the Parent or any of its subsidiaries alleging that either the Parent or
any of its subsidiaries has violated, infringed on or otherwise improperly
used the intellectual property rights of such party and, to the best knowledge
of the Parent and its subsidiaries, neither the Parent nor any of its
subsidiaries has violated or infringed any patent, trademark, trade name,
service mark, service name, copyright, trade secret or other intellectual
property held by others. Except as set forth on the Parent Disclosure Letter,
the Parent and its subsidiaries do not believe that any other entity has
violated, infringed on or otherwise improperly used any of the Intellectual
Property owned by the Parent or any of its subsidiaries and the Parent and its
subsidiaries have not filed a claim against, or threatened to file a claim
against, and have not provided a notice to, any third party alleging any such
violation, infringement or improper use of the Intellectual Property owned by
the Parent or any of its subsidiaries.

           (c)  Subject to any licenses and other agreements identified on the
Parent Disclosure Letter, the Parent and its subsidiaries have all right,
title and interest in and to all intellectual property rights

                                     A-1-28

in the Parent Proprietary Software. The Parent and its subsidiaries have
developed the Parent Proprietary Software through their own efforts, and for
their own account, or have obtained all rights thereto, and the Parent
Proprietary Software is free and clear of all liens, except loans in the
ordinary course of business. The use of the Parent Licensed Software and the
use of the Parent Proprietary Software does not breach any terms of any
license or other contract between Parent or any of its subsidiaries and any
third party that would have a Parent Material Adverse Effect. Each of the
Parent and its subsidiaries is in compliance with the terms and conditions of
all license agreements in favor of the Parent and its subsidiaries relating to
the Parent Licensed Software material to the operation of the business of the
Parent and its subsidiaries as presently conducted.

           (d)  To the knowledge of Parent and its subsidiaries, the Parent
Proprietary Software does not infringe any patent, copyright or trade secret
or any other intellectual property right of any third party in such a manner
that would have a Parent Material Adverse Effect. The source code for the
Parent Proprietary Software has been maintained in confidence, and has not
been disclosed to any persons or entities outside the Parent and its
subsidiaries, except such disclosure being made pursuant to appropriate
confidentiality provisions.

           (e)  The Parent Proprietary Software was: (i) developed by the
employees of the Parent and its subsidiaries working within the scope of their
employment at the time of such development; (ii) developed by agents,
consultants, contractors or others who have executed appropriate instruments
of assignment or instruments of obligation to assign in favor of the Parent or
any of its subsidiaries as assignee that have conveyed or obligate such
agents, consultants and contractors to convey to the Parent or such subsidiary
ownership of all of its intellectual property rights in the Parent Proprietary
Software; or (iii) acquired by the Parent or any of its subsidiaries in
connection with acquisitions in which the Parent or such subsidiary, where
appropriate in the nature of the overall transaction, obtained appropriate
representations, warranties and indemnities from the transferring party
relating to the title to such Parent Proprietary Software. Neither the Parent
nor any of its subsidiaries has received notice from any third party claiming
any right, title or interest in the Parent Proprietary Software.

           (f)  The Parent and each of its subsidiaries take reasonable
measures to protect the confidentiality of its trade secrets, including
requiring their employees and other parties having access thereto to execute
written non- disclosure agreements. To the knowledge of the Parent and its
subsidiaries, no trade secret of the Parent or its subsidiaries has been
disclosed or authorized to be disclosed to any third party other than pursuant
to a non-disclosure agreement. To the knowledge of the Parent and its
subsidiaries, no party to any non-disclosure agreement relating to its trade
secrets is in breach or default thereof.

           (g)  To the knowledge of the Parent and its subsidiaries, no current
or former partner, director, officer, or employee of the Parent or any of its
subsidiaries (or any of their respective predecessors in interest) will, after
giving effect to the transactions contemplated herein, directly own or retain
any rights to use any of the Intellectual Property owned or used by the Parent
or any of its subsidiaries.

     5.14  No Existing Discussions. As of the date hereof, the Parent is not
engaged, directly or indirectly, in any negotiation, discussion or exchange of
information with any other party with respect to or in contemplation of an
Acquisition Proposal.

     5.15  Vote Required. The affirmative vote of the holders of shares
representing a majority of the shares of Parent Common Stock entitled to vote
on the approval and adoption of this Agreement and the Merger (the "Parent
Required Vote") is the only vote or approval of the holders of any class or
series of capital stock of the Parent necessary to adopt this Agreement and to
approve the transactions contemplated hereby.

     5.16  Brokers. No broker, finder or investment banker (other than the
Parent's financial advisor, Allen & Company) is entitled to any brokerage,
finder's or other fee or commission in connection with this Agreement, the
Merger or the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement based upon
arrangements made by or on behalf of the Parent. A complete and correct copy
of all agreements between the Parent and its financial advisor pursuant to
which such firm would be entitled to any payment relating to this Agreement,
the Merger or the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement has been
provided to the Company.

                                     A-1-29

                                   ARTICLE VI
                                   COVENANTS

     6.1   Conduct of the Business Pending the Merger.

           (a)  The Company covenants and agrees that between the date of this
Agreement and the Effective Time, unless the Parent shall otherwise agree in
writing (and except as expressly contemplated, permitted or required by this
Agreement), (i) the business of the Company and the Subsidiaries shall be
conducted only in, and the Company and the Subsidiaries shall not take any
action except in, the ordinary course of business and in a manner consistent
with prior practice, (ii) the Company and the Subsidiaries shall use all
commercially reasonable efforts to preserve substantially intact their
business organizations, to keep available the services of their current
officers and employees and to preserve the current relationships of the
Company and the Subsidiaries with customers, suppliers and other Persons with
which the Company or the Subsidiaries has significant business relations, and
(iii) the Company will comply in all material respects with all applicable
Laws and regulations wherever its business is conducted, including the timely
filing of all reports, forms or other documents with the SEC required pursuant
to the Securities Act or the Exchange Act.

           (b)  The Company covenants and agrees that between the date of this
Agreement and the Effective Time, the Company shall not, nor shall the Company
permit any of the Subsidiaries to, (i) declare or pay any dividends on or make
other distributions (whether in cash, stock or property) in respect of any of
its capital stock, except for dividends by a wholly owned Subsidiary of the
Company to the Company or another wholly owned Subsidiary of the Company; (ii)
split, combine or reclassify any of its capital stock or issue or authorize or
propose the issuance of any other securities in respect of, in lieu of or in
substitution for shares of its capital stock; (iii) repurchas