URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1038339/000095013301501477/0000950133-01-501477.txt

-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 HUkSf8ZsDaxdVvymjHXrpJnweYUlg/ETXh92iPeGbKgdZ9a5FadDcLoeex265Krb
 9yEtZduItsDvLc1uTiOaEQ==

0000950133-01-501477.txt : 20010607

0000950133-01-501477.hdr.sgml : 20010607
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950133-01-501477
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	S-4/A
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		28
FILED AS OF DATE:		20010606

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			EQUITY OFFICE PROPERTIES TRUST
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001038339
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				364151656
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		S-4/A
		SEC ACT:		
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-57526
		FILM NUMBER:		1654915

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		TWO NORTH RIVERSIDE PLZ
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2200
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60606
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3124663300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		TWO NORTH RIVERSIDE PLZ
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2200
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60606

S-4/A

w46107a3s-4a.htm

AMENDMENT NO. 3 TO FORM S-4

s-4a



As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June
6, 2001

Registration No. 333-57526

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

AMENDMENT NO. 3

TO

FORM S-4

REGISTRATION STATEMENT

UNDER

THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933

EQUITY OFFICE PROPERTIES TRUST

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter)

Maryland

36-4151656

(State or Other Jurisdiction

(Primary Standard Industrial

(I.R.S. Employer

of Incorporation or Organization)

Classification Code Number)

Identification Number)

Two North Riverside, Suite 2100

Chicago, Illinois 60606

(312) 466-3300

(Address, including zip code, and telephone
number, including area code, of registrants principal
executive offices)

Stanley M. Stevens, Esq.

Executive Vice President and Chief Legal Counsel

Equity Office Properties Trust

Two North Riverside Plaza, Suite 2100

Chicago, Illinois 60606

(312) 466-3300

(Name, address, including zip code, and
telephone number, including area code, of agent for service)

Copies to:

J. Warren Gorrell, Jr., Esq.

Alison S. Ressler, Esq.

George P. Barsness, Esq.

Sullivan & Cromwell

Hogan & Hartson L.L.P.

1888 Century Park East

555 Thirteenth Street, N.W.

Suite 2100

Washington, D.C. 20004-1109

Los Angeles, CA 90067

(202) 637-5600

(310) 712-6600

Approximate date of commencement of proposed sale of the
securities to the public: As soon as practicable after the
effective date of this Registration Statement.

If the securities being registered on this form are being
offered in connection with the formation of a holding company
and there is compliance with General Instruction G, check the
following box.  

If this form is filed to register additional securities for an
offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act,
check the following box and list the Securities Act registration
statement number of the earlier effective registration statement
for the same offering.  

If this form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to
Rule 462(d) under the Securities Act, check the following
box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of
the earlier effective registration statement for the same
offering.  

The Registrant hereby amends this Registration Statement on
such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective
date until the Registrant shall file a further amendment which
specifically states that this Registration Statement shall
thereafter become effective in accordance with Section 8(a)
of the Securities Act of 1933 or until the Registration
Statement shall become effective on such date as the Commission,
acting pursuant to said Section 8(a), may determine.



MERGER PROPOSED  YOUR VOTE IS VERY IMPORTANT

Both of our boards have approved a merger of our
two companies. The boards of both companies believe that the
merger represents a strategic combination of two premier real
estate organizations that will be in the best interests of all
of their respective shareholders. By increasing the office space
owned and operated by Equity Office by approximately 25% based
on square footage, the merger also will solidify Equity
Offices position as the nations largest
publicly-held owner and operator of office properties with a
large portfolio of high quality office buildings in key markets
throughout the United States.

In the merger, Spieker common stockholders will
receive $13.50 in cash and 1.49586 Equity Office common shares
for each outstanding share of Spieker common stock. Cash will be
paid instead of issuing fractional shares. Because the portion
of the merger consideration to be received in Equity Office
common shares is fixed, the value of the consideration to be
received by Spieker common stockholders in the merger will
depend upon the market price of Equity Office common shares at
the time of the merger. Equity Office common shares are traded
on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol EOP.
On June 5, 2001, Equity Office common shares closed at
$29.55 per share. We estimate that approximately 24.9% of the
outstanding Equity Office common shares immediately following
completion of the merger will have been issued to Spieker common
stockholders in the merger and approximately 75.1% will be owned
by Equity Office common shareholders as of immediately prior to
the completion of the merger, in each case considered on a fully
diluted and as-converted basis.

In addition, each outstanding share of Spieker
series B, C and E preferred stock will be converted into one
newly created Equity Office series E, F and H preferred share,
respectively.

After careful consideration, the boards of
Equity Office and Spieker have determined that the merger is in
the best interests of their respective shareholders and
stockholders, and each board recommends that their respective
common shareholders or common stockholders vote FOR approval of
the merger agreement and the merger.

We cannot complete the merger unless Equity
Office common shareholders and Spieker common stockholders
approve the merger agreement and the merger at the special
meetings to be held by Equity Office and Spieker and the Equity
Office common shareholders approve amendments to the Equity
Office declaration of trust being effected as part of the
merger. Approval of the merger agreement and the merger, as well
as the amendments to the Equity Office declaration of trust,
require the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the
outstanding Equity Office common shares. The merger agreement
and the merger must be approved by holders of at least a
majority of the outstanding shares of Spieker common stock.
Whether or not you plan to attend your special meeting, please
take the time to vote by completing and mailing the enclosed
proxy card. Alternatively, you may vote by telephone or, if you
are an Equity Office shareholder, through the Internet, in each
case as instructed on your proxy card.

This document provides you with detailed
information about your special meeting and the proposed merger.
You also can get information from publicly available documents
filed by both companies with the Securities and Exchange
Commission.

We encourage you to read this entire document
carefully, including the section entitled Risk
Factors beginning on page 22.

The dates, times and places of the special
meetings are as follows:

For 
Equity Office:

For 
Spieker:

Monday, July 9, 2001 at 10:00 a.m.,
	Central Time

Monday, July 9, 2001 at 8:00 a.m.,
	Pacific Time

One North Franklin Street, Third Floor

Quadrus Conference Center, Room QCC

Chicago, Illinois

2400 Sand Hill Road

Menlo Park, California

Samuel Zell

Warren E. Spieker, Jr.

Chairman of the Board

Chairman of the Board

Equity Office Properties Trust

Spieker Properties, Inc.

EACH VOTE IS IMPORTANT. PLEASE COMPLETE, SIGN, DATE AND
RETURN YOUR PROXY.

Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state
securities commission has approved or disapproved of the
securities to be issued in the merger or passed upon the
adequacy or accuracy of this joint proxy statement/prospectus.
Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense.

This joint proxy statement/prospectus is dated
June 6, 2001

and it is first being mailed on or about
June 8, 2001.



This joint proxy statement/prospectus incorporates important
business and financial information about our companies that is
not included in or delivered with this document. If you are a
shareholder of Equity Office or a stockholder of Spieker you can
obtain any of the documents incorporated by reference from
Equity Office or Spieker, as the case may be, or through the SEC
or the SECs web site. The address of that site is
http://www.sec.gov. Documents incorporated by reference are
available from the companies, without charge, excluding all
exhibits unless specifically incorporated by reference as an
exhibit to this document. Shareholders of Equity Office or
stockholders of Spieker may obtain documents incorporated by
reference in this document by requesting them in writing or by
telephone from the appropriate company at the following
addresses:

EQUITY OFFICE PROPERTIES TRUST

SPIEKER PROPERTIES, INC.

Two North Riverside Plaza Suite 2100

	Chicago, Illinois 60606

	Attention: Diane M. Morefield

	Telephone: (312) 466-3300

2180 Sand Hill Road Suite 200

	Menlo Park, California 94025

	Attention: Karen Morris

	Telephone: (650) 854-5600

If you would like to request documents, in order to ensure
timely delivery you must do so at least five business days
before the date of the special meetings. 
This means you must
request this information no later than June 29, 2001. If
you request any incorporated documents, we will mail them to you
by first class mail, or another equally prompt means, within one
business day after we receive your request.



Equity Office Properties Trust

Two North Riverside Plaza

Suite 2100

Chicago, Illinois 60606

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS

TO BE HELD ON MONDAY, JULY 9, 2001

A special meeting of shareholders of Equity Office Properties
Trust, a Maryland real estate investment trust, will be held at
10:00 a.m., Central Time, on Monday, July 9, 2001, at
One North Franklin Street, Third Floor, Chicago, Illinois, for
the following purposes:

1. 

	To consider and vote on the approval of the agreement and plan
	of merger, dated as of February 22, 2001, as amended, by
	and among Equity Office, EOP Operating Limited Partnership, a
	Delaware limited partnership, Spieker Properties, Inc., a
	Maryland corporation, and Spieker Properties, L.P., a California
	limited partnership, a copy of which is attached as 
Annex
	A
 to the accompanying joint proxy statement/ prospectus, and
	the merger of Spieker with and into Equity Office under the
	merger agreement.

2. 

	To consider and vote on the approval of amendments to the Equity
	Office declaration of trust to be effected as part of the merger
	that would increase the maximum number of trustees from 15 to 16
	and authorize the board of trustees to exempt one or more series
	of preferred shares issued in connection with a business
	combination from all or any portion of the ownership limitations
	and restrictions on transfer set forth in Article VII of
	the Equity Office declaration of trust.

3. 

	To transact any other business as may properly come before the
	special meeting or any adjournments or postponements.

The proposal to approve the merger agreement and the merger and
the proposal to approve the amendments to the Equity Office
declaration of trust to be effected as part of the merger are
conditioned upon one another.

Only holders of record of Equity Office common shares at the
close of business on May 21, 2001 are entitled to notice
of, and to vote at, the special meeting and any adjournments or
postponements.

It is important that your common shares be represented and voted
at the meeting. If you do not plan to attend the meeting and
vote your common shares in person, please vote in one of these
ways:

 

	MARK, SIGN, DATE AND PROMPTLY RETURN your enclosed proxy card in
	the postage-paid envelope;

 

	USE THE TOLL-FREE TELEPHONE NUMBER shown on your proxy card
	(this call is free in the U.S. and Canada); or

 

	VISIT THE WEBSITE address shown on your proxy card to vote
	through the Internet.

Any proxy may be revoked at any time before its exercise at the
meeting.

	By order of the Equity Office board of trustees

	Stanley M. Stevens

Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Counsel and
	Secretary

June 8, 2001

MERGER PROPOSED  YOUR VOTE IS VERY IMPORTANT

     The Equity Office board of
trustees has approved the merger agreement and the merger of
Spieker with and into Equity Office and recommends that you vote
to approve the merger agreement and the merger and the
amendments to the Equity Office declaration of trust to be
effected as part of the merger.



EQUITY OFFICE

VOTING METHODS

You have the right to vote and, if desired, to revoke your
proxy any time before the Equity Office special meeting.

U.S. Mail

	Proxy Card Voting

1. Mark your selections

	2. Date and sign your name exactly as it appears on your
	proxy card

	3. Mail to EquiServe in the return envelope

Telephone Voting

1. Within the U.S. and Canada dial
	1-877-779-8683 and outside the U.S. and Canada call collect

	2. Enter your control number (printed on your proxy card
	above your name)

	3. Follow the recorded

	instructions

VOTE

	EquiServe

	Vote

	Tabulation

Internet Voting

1. Go to website

http://www.eproxyvote.com/eop

2. Enter your 14 digit control number (printed on your
	proxy card above your name)

	3. Follow the instructions

	provided

If you hold your Equity Office common shares in your name as
a holder of record, you may instruct the proxy holders how to
vote your Equity Office common shares by using any of the voting
methods specified above. 
If your Equity Office common shares
are held by a broker, bank or other nominee, you will receive
instructions from your nominee which you must follow to have
your common shares voted.



Spieker Properties, Inc.

2180 Sand Hill Road, Suite 200

Menlo Park, California 94025

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS

TO BE HELD ON MONDAY, JULY 9, 2001

A special meeting of stockholders of Spieker Properties, Inc., a
Maryland corporation, will be held at 8:00 a.m., Pacific
Time, on Monday, July 9, 2001, at Quadrus Conference
Center, Room QCC, 2400 Sand Hill Road, Menlo Park, California
for the following purposes:

1. 

	To consider and vote on the approval of the agreement and plan
	of merger, dated as of February 22, 2001, as amended, by
	and among Equity Office Properties Trust, a Maryland real estate
	investment trust, EOP Operating Limited Partnership, a Delaware
	limited partnership, Spieker and Spieker Properties, L.P., a
	California limited partnership, a copy of which is attached as

Annex A
 to the accompanying joint proxy statement/
	prospectus, and the merger of Spieker with and into Equity
	Office under the merger agreement.

2. 

	To transact any other business as may properly come before the
	special meeting or any adjournments or postponements.

Only holders of record of Spieker common stock and preferred
stock at the close of business on May 21, 2001 are entitled
to notice of the special meeting or any adjournments or
postponements. Only holders of record of Spieker common stock at
the close of business on May 21, 2001 are entitled to vote
at the special meeting or any adjournments or postponements.

It is important that your common stock be represented and voted
at the meeting. If you do not plan to attend the meeting and
vote your common stock in person, please vote in one of these
ways:

 

	MARK, SIGN, DATE AND PROMPTLY RETURN your enclosed proxy card in
	the postage-paid envelope; or

 

	USE THE TOLL-FREE TELEPHONE NUMBER shown on your proxy card
	(this call is free in the U.S. and Canada).

Any proxy may be revoked at any time before its exercise at the
meeting.

	Sincerely,

	Warren E. Spieker, Jr.

	Chairman of the Board

June 8, 2001

MERGER PROPOSED  YOUR VOTE IS VERY IMPORTANT

     The Spieker board of directors
has approved the merger agreement and the merger of Spieker with
and into Equity Office and recommends that you vote to approve
the merger agreement and the merger.



QUESTIONS & ANSWERS ABOUT THE MERGER

SUMMARY

The Companies

The Combined Company

The Equity Office Special Meeting; Vote Required

The Spieker Special Meeting; Vote Required

Recommendation of Equity Office Board

Recommendation of Spieker Board

Fairness Opinions

Merger Financing

Risks Associated with the Merger

Amendments to Equity Offices Declaration of Trust

The Merger Agreement

Regulatory Approvals

Accounting Treatment

Conflicts of Interests of Spieker Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger and the Partnership Merger

Trustees and Executive Officers of Equity Office After the Merger

Differences in the Rights of Shareholders

Selected Historical Consolidated and Combined Financial Data

Summary Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Data

RISK FACTORS

Spieker common stockholders may receive Equity Office common shares in the merger with a market value lower than expected

Equity Office historically has not owned or operated industrial properties

The operations of Equity Office and Spieker may not be integrated successfully and intended benefits of the merger may not be realized

The directors and executive officers of Spieker have interests in the completion of the merger and the partnership merger that may conflict with the interests of Spiekers stockholders

EOP Partnership will need to replace, at or before maturity, a $1.0 billion bridge facility to be used to finance a portion of the cash merger costs

Equity Office and Spieker may incur substantial expenses and payments if the merger does not occur

The $160 million termination fee payable by Spieker and Spieker Partnership may discourage some third party proposals to acquire Spieker that Spieker stockholders may otherwise find desirable

The merger agreement does not require that the financial advisors fairness opinions be updated as a condition to closing the merger

Further declines in overall economic activity in Equity Offices and Spiekers markets could adversely affect Equity Offices operating results after the merger

A WARNING ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

THE EQUITY OFFICE SPECIAL MEETING

Date, Time, Place and Purpose of the Equity Office Special Meeting

Who Can Vote

Voting by Proxy Holders

Vote by Telephone

Vote by Internet

Vote by Mail

Required Vote

Voting on Other Matters

How You May Revoke Your Proxy Instructions

How Votes Are Counted

Cost of this Proxy Solicitation

Attending the Equity Office Special Meeting

List of Equity Office Common Shareholders

THE SPIEKER SPECIAL MEETING

Date, Time, Place and Purpose of the Spieker Special Meeting

Who Can Vote

Voting by Proxy Holders

Vote by Telephone

Vote by Mail

Required Vote

Voting on Other Matters

How You May Revoke Your Proxy Instructions

How Votes Are Counted

Cost of this Proxy Solicitation

Attending the Spieker Special Meeting

List of Spieker Common Stockholders

THE MERGER

Structure of the Mergers

Background of the Merger

Equity Offices Reasons for the Merger; Recommendation of the Equity Office Board

Opinion of Morgan Stanley

Spiekers Reasons for the Merger; Recommendation of the Spieker Board

Opinion of Goldman Sachs

Trustees and Executive Officers of Equity Office After the Merger

Conflicts of Interest of Spieker Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger and the Partnership Merger

The Partnership Merger

Merger Financing

Regulatory Approvals

Accounting Treatment

Restrictions on Resales by Affiliates

No Dissenters Rights

Spieker Litigation

THE MERGER AGREEMENT

Closing; Effective Time of the Merger

Merger Consideration

Surrender of Spieker Stock Certificates

Possible Redesignation of Equity Office Preferred Shares and EOP Partnership Preferred Units to be Issued in the Merger and the Partnership Merger

Treatment of Spieker Stock Options

Severance and Bonus Payments

Representations and Warranties of Equity Office and Spieker

Conduct of Business of Equity Office and EOP Partnership Pending the Merger

Conduct of Business of Spieker and Spieker Partnership Pending the Merger

Pre-Merger Dividends and Distributions

Conditions to the Merger and the Partnership Merger

No Solicitation by Spieker

Termination of the Merger Agreement

Waiver and Amendment of the Merger Agreement

Indemnification; Directors and Officers Insurance

Assumption of Spiekers Obligations Under Registration Rights Agreements

Voting Agreements

Spieker Partnership Series D Preferred Units

Acquisition of Spieker Northwest

Nonsolicitation Agreements

Tax Related Undertakings of EOP Partnership

MATERIAL FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES RELATING TO THE MERGER

APPROVAL OF AMENDMENTS TO EQUITY OFFICES DECLARATION OF TRUST

DESCRIPTION OF EQUITY OFFICE SHARES OF BENEFICIAL INTEREST

General

Common Shares

Preferred Shares

Power to Issue Additional Common Shares and Preferred Shares

New Series E, F and H Preferred Shares

REIT Ownership Limitations and Transfer Restrictions Applicable to Equity Office Common Shares and Series A, B and C Preferred Shares

REIT Ownership Limitations and Transfer Restrictions Applicable to Equity Office Series E, F and H Preferred Shares

Possible Redesignation of Equity Office Preferred Shares to be Issued in the Merger

Transfer Agent and Registrar

Anti-Takeover Considerations

COMPARISON OF SHAREHOLDER RIGHTS

Authorized Shares

Voting Rights

Classification of the Board

Number of Trustees/Directors; Removal of Trustees/Directors; Vacancies

Limitation of Trustee/Director and Officer Liability

Indemnification

Duties of Trustees and Directors

Maryland Elective Provisions

Call of Special Meetings of Shareholders

Shareholder Action by Written Consent

Advance Notice Provisions for Shareholder Nominations and Shareholder New Business Proposals

Amendment of the Equity Office Declaration of Trust and Spieker Charter

Amendment of the Bylaws

Mergers, Consolidations and Sales of Assets

Dissolution of Equity Office or Spieker; Termination of REIT Status

Business Combinations with Interested Shareholders

Control Share Acquisitions

Other Constituencies

Dissenters Rights

Distributions

Shareholder Rights Plans

REIT Ownership Limitations

LEGAL MATTERS

EXPERTS

SHAREHOLDER PROPOSALS

OTHER MATTERS

WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

WHAT INFORMATION YOU SHOULD RELY ON

PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

ANNEX A AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER, AS AMENDED

ANNEX B OPINION OF MORGAN STANLEY & CO. INCORPORATED, DATED FEBRUARY 22, 2001

ANNEX C OPINION OF GOLDMAN, SACHS & CO., DATED FEBRUARY 22, 2001

ANNEX D AMENDMENTS TO EQUITY OFFICE DECLARATION OF TRUST AS PART OF THE MERGER

Ex-5.1 Opinion of Hogan & Hartson L.L.P.

Ex-8.1 Opinion of Hogan & Hartson L.L.P.

Ex-8.2 Opinion of Hogan & Hartson L.L.P.

Ex-8.3 Opinion of Sullivan & Cromwell

Ex-8.4 Opinion of Morrison & Foerster LLP

Ex-10.1 Commitment Letter for Bridge Facility

EX-10.3 First Amendment to Revolving Credit Agmt.

EX-23.1 Consent of Ernst & Young LLP

EX-23.2 Consent of Arthur Andersen LLP

Ex-23.8 Consent of Goldman, Sachs & Co.

Ex-99.1 Equity Office Form of Proxy

Ex-99.2 Spieker - Form of Proxy





Page



i

QUESTIONS & ANSWERS ABOUT THE MERGER

iv

SUMMARY

The Companies

The Combined Company

The Equity Office Special Meeting; Vote Required

The Spieker Special Meeting; Vote Required

Recommendation of Equity Office Board

Recommendation of Spieker Board

Fairness Opinions

Merger Financing

Risks Associated with the Merger

Amendments to Equity Offices Declaration of
	Trust

The Merger Agreement

Regulatory Approvals

Accounting Treatment

Conflicts of Interest of Spieker Directors and
	Executive Officers in the Merger and the Partnership Merger

Trustees and Executive Officers of Equity Office
	After the Merger

Differences in the Rights of Shareholders

Selected Historical Consolidated and Combined
	Financial Data

Summary Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined
	Financial Data

RISK FACTORS

Spieker common stockholders may receive Equity
	Office common shares in the merger with a market value lower
	than expected

Equity Office historically has not owned or
	operated industrial properties and the market price of the
	Equity Office common shares you receive in the merger may
	decline if Equity Office fails to operate successfully the
	industrial properties acquired in the merger

The operations of Equity Office and Spieker may
	not be integrated successfully and intended benefits of the
	merger may not be realized, which could have a negative impact
	on the market price of Equity Office common shares after the
	merger

The directors and executive officers of Spieker
	have interests in the completion of the merger and the
	partnership merger that may conflict with the interests of
	Spiekers stockholders

EOP Partnership will need to replace, at or
	before maturity, a $1.0 billion bridge facility to be used
	to finance a portion of the cash merger costs

Equity Office and Spieker may incur substantial
	expenses and payments if the merger does not occur

The $160 million termination fee payable by
	Spieker and Spieker Partnership may discourage some third party
	proposals to acquire Spieker that Spieker stockholders may
	otherwise find desirable

The merger agreement does not require that the
	financial advisors fairness opinions be updated as a
	condition to closing the merger

Further declines in overall economic activity in
	Equity Offices and Spiekers markets could adversely
	affect Equity Offices operating results after the merger

A WARNING ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

THE EQUITY OFFICE SPECIAL MEETING

Date, Time, Place and Purpose of the Equity
	Office Special Meeting

Who Can Vote

Voting by Proxy Holders

Vote by Telephone

Vote by Internet

Vote by Mail

Required Vote

Voting on Other Matters

How You May Revoke Your Proxy Instructions

i



Page

How Votes Are Counted

Cost of this Proxy Solicitation

Attending the Equity Office Special Meeting

List of Equity Office Common Shareholders

THE SPIEKER SPECIAL MEETING

Date, Time, Place and Purpose of the Spieker
	Special Meeting

Who Can Vote

Voting by Proxy Holders

Vote by Telephone

Vote by Mail

Required Vote

Voting Agreements

Voting on Other Matters

How You May Revoke Your Proxy Instructions

How Votes Are Counted

Cost of this Proxy Solicitation

Attending the Spieker Special Meeting

List of Spieker Common Stockholders

THE MERGER

Structure of the Mergers

Background of the Merger

Equity Offices Reasons for the Merger;
	Recommendation of the Equity Office Board

Opinion of Morgan Stanley

Spiekers Reasons for the Merger;
	Recommendation of the Spieker Board

Opinion of Goldman Sachs

Trustees and Executive Officers of Equity Office
	After the Merger

Conflicts of Interest of Spieker Directors and
	Executive Officers in the Merger and the Partnership Merger

The Partnership Merger

Merger Financing

Regulatory Approvals

Accounting Treatment

Restrictions on Resales by Affiliates

No Dissenters Rights

Spieker Litigation

THE MERGER AGREEMENT

Closing; Effective Time of the Merger

Merger Consideration

Surrender of Spieker Stock Certificates

Possible Redesignation of Equity Office Preferred
	Shares and EOP Partnership Preferred Units to be Issued in the
	Merger and the Partnership Merger

Treatment of Spieker Stock Options

Severance and Bonus Payments

Representations and Warranties of Equity Office
	and Spieker

Conduct of Business of Equity Office and EOP
	Partnership Pending the Merger

Conduct of Business of Spieker and Spieker
	Partnership Pending the Merger

Pre-Merger Dividends and Distributions

Conditions to the Merger and the Partnership
	Merger

No Solicitation by Spieker

Termination of the Merger Agreement

Waiver and Amendment of the Merger Agreement

Indemnification; Directors and
	Officers Insurance

Assumption of Spiekers Obligations Under
	Registration Rights Agreements

Voting Agreements

Spieker Partnership Series D Preferred Units

Acquisition of Spieker Northwest

Nonsolicitation Agreements

Tax Related Undertakings of EOP Partnership

MATERIAL FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES RELATING
	TO THE MERGER

APPROVAL OF AMENDMENTS TO EQUITY OFFICES
	DECLARATION OF TRUST

DESCRIPTION OF EQUITY OFFICE SHARES OF BENEFICIAL
	INTEREST

General

Common Shares

Preferred Shares

Power to Issue Additional Common Shares and
	Preferred Shares

New Series E, F and H Preferred Shares

REIT Ownership Limitations and Transfer
	Restrictions Applicable to Equity Office Common Shares and
	Series A, B and C Preferred Shares

ii



Page

	REIT Ownership Limitations and Transfer Restrictions Applicable
	to Equity Office Series E, F and H Preferred Shares

	Possible Redesignation of Equity Office Preferred Shares to be
	Issued in the Merger

	Transfer Agent and Registrar

	Anti-Takeover Considerations

	COMPARISON OF SHAREHOLDER RIGHTS

	Authorized Shares

	Voting Rights

	Classification of the Board

	Number of Trustees/ Directors; Removal of Trustees/ Directors;
	Vacancies

	Limitation of Trustee/ Director and Officer Liability

	Indemnification

	Duties of Trustees and Directors

	Maryland Elective Provisions

	Call of Special Meetings of Shareholders

	Shareholder Action by Written Consent

	Advance Notice Provisions for Shareholder Nominations and
	Shareholder New Business Proposals

	Amendment of the Equity Office Declaration of Trust and Spieker
	Charter

	Amendment of the Bylaws

	Mergers, Consolidations and Sales of Assets

	Dissolution of Equity Office or Spieker; Termination of REIT
	Status

	Business Combinations with Interested Shareholders

	Control Share Acquisitions

	Other Constituencies

	Dissenters Rights

	Distributions

	Shareholder Rights Plans

	REIT Ownership Limitations

	LEGAL MATTERS

	EXPERTS

	SHAREHOLDER PROPOSALS

	OTHER MATTERS

	WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

	WHAT INFORMATION YOU SHOULD RELY ON

	PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

F-1

	Annex A  Agreement and Plan

	of Merger, as amended

A-1

	Annex B  Opinion of Morgan Stanley

	& Co. Incorporated, dated February 22, 2001

B-1

	Annex C  Opinion of Goldman, Sachs & Co.,
	dated February 22, 2001

C-1

	Annex D  Amendments to Equity Office Declaration of
	Trust as Part of the Merger

D-1

iii



QUESTIONS & ANSWERS ABOUT THE MERGER

Q: 

Why are Equity Office and Spieker proposing the merger?

A: 

	The boards of both companies believe that the merger represents
	a strategic combination of two premier real estate organizations
	that will be in the best interests of all of their respective
	shareholders. By increasing the office space owned and operated
	by Equity Office by approximately 25% based on square footage,
	the merger of Equity Office and Spieker also will solidify
	Equity Offices position as the nations largest
	publicly-held owner and operator of office properties with a
	large portfolio of high quality office buildings in key markets
	throughout the United States.

Q: 

What will I receive in the merger?

A: 

Spieker Stockholders.
 In the merger, Spieker common
	stockholders will receive $13.50 in cash and 1.49586 Equity
	Office common shares for each outstanding share of Spieker
	common stock. Cash will be paid instead of issuing fractional
	shares. Holders of outstanding Spieker preferred stock will
	receive one newly created Equity Office series E, F or H
	preferred share for each outstanding share of Spieker
	series B, C or E preferred stock, respectively. The Equity
	Office series  E, F and H preferred shares issued in the
	merger will have preferences, conversion and other rights,
	voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends,
	qualifications and terms or conditions of redemption identical
	to those of the shares of the corresponding series of Spieker
	preferred stock.

Equity Office Shareholders. 
Each Equity Office common
	share or preferred share held by Equity Office shareholders will
	continue to represent one Equity Office common share or
	preferred share after the merger. We estimate that approximately
	24.9% of the outstanding Equity Office common shares immediately
	following completion of the merger will have been issued to
	Spieker common stockholders in the merger and approximately
	75.1% will be owned by Equity Office common shareholders as of
	immediately prior to the completion of the merger, in each case
	considered on a fully diluted and as-converted basis.

Q: 

What happens if the price of Equity Office common shares
	and/or Spieker common stock changes before the closing of the
	merger?

A: 

	No change will be made to the 1.49586 exchange ratio or to the
	$13.50 per share cash amount payable to Spieker common
	stockholders in the merger. Because the market value of Equity
	Office common shares will fluctuate before and after the closing
	of the merger, the value of the consideration that Spieker
	common stockholders will receive in the merger will fluctuate as
	well.

Q: 

What am I being asked to vote upon?

A: 

Spieker Common Stockholders.
 You are being asked to
	approve the merger agreement and the merger of Spieker with and
	into Equity Office. Approval of the merger agreement and the
	merger requires the affirmative vote of at least a majority of
	the outstanding shares of Spieker common stock.

The Spieker board has adopted and approved the merger
	agreement and the merger of Spieker with and into Equity Office
	and recommends that Spieker common stockholders vote FOR
	approval of the merger agreement and the merger.

Equity Office Common Shareholders. 
You are being asked to
	approve the merger agreement and the merger and the amendments
	to the Equity Office declaration of trust to be effected as part
	of the merger. Approval of the merger agreement and the merger
	and approval of the amendments to the Equity Office declaration
	of trust require the affirmative vote of at least a majority of
	all votes entitled to be cast. The proposals to approve the
	merger agreement and the merger and to approve the amendments to
	the Equity Office declaration of trust are conditioned upon one
	another.

The Equity Office board has adopted and approved the merger
	agreement and the merger of Spieker with and into Equity Office
	and recommends that Equity Office common shareholders vote FOR
	approval of the merger agreement and the merger and FOR approval
	of the amendments to the Equity Office declaration of trust.

iv



Q: 

Do Spieker common or preferred stockholders have
	dissenters rights?

A: 

	No. Spieker is incorporated under Maryland law. Under Maryland
	law, because shares of Spieker common stock and series B, C
	and E preferred stock are listed on a national securities
	exchange, Spieker common and series B, C and E preferred
	stockholders have no rights to dissent and receive the appraised
	value of their shares in the merger.

Q: 

Do Equity Office common shareholders have dissenters
	rights?

A: 

	No. Following the merger, Equity Office shareholders will
	continue to own their Equity Office shares and, accordingly,
	will have no rights to dissent and receive the appraised value
	of their shares under Maryland law.

Q: 

How soon after the special meetings will the merger occur?

A: 

	If the merger agreement and the merger are approved at both the
	Equity Office and the Spieker special meetings and if Equity
	Office common shareholders approve the amendments to Equity
	Offices declaration of trust, we anticipate that the
	merger will occur as soon as practicable after the special
	meetings.

Q: 

Will I recognize taxable gain or loss as a result of the
	merger?

A: 

	We expect the following tax consequences generally to apply:

Spieker Stockholders. 
For U.S. federal income tax
	purposes, each Spieker common stockholder will recognize any
	gain realized on the exchange up to an amount equal to the
	lesser of:

     

	the cash received by that Spieker common stockholder, excluding
	cash received for fractional shares of Equity Office; and

     

	the amount by which the cash plus the fair market value of the
	Equity Office common shares received by that Spieker common
	stockholder exceeds that Spieker common stockholders
	adjusted basis in its shares of Spieker common stock.

	A Spieker common stockholder will not recognize any loss on the
	receipt of cash and Equity Office common shares in exchange for
	Spieker common stock. A Spieker common stockholder will have a
	tax basis in the Equity Office common shares received equal to
	the stockholders basis in its Spieker common stock
	exchanged, decreased by the amount of any cash received and
	increased by the amount of gain recognized in the exchange. A
	Spieker preferred stockholder will not recognize any gain or
	loss on the exchange of its Spieker preferred stock for Equity
	Office preferred shares received in the merger. A Spieker
	preferred stockholder will have a tax basis in the Equity Office
	preferred shares equal to the stockholders basis in its
	Spieker preferred stock exchanged. For a description of the tax
	treatment of cash received for fractional shares of Equity
	Office and other material tax consequences of the merger, see
	Material Federal Income Tax Consequences Relating to the
	Merger beginning on page  89.

Equity Office Common Shareholders.
 Equity Office common
	shareholders will not recognize either gain or loss for U.S.
	federal income tax purposes as a result of the merger.

If you hold shares of Spieker common stock, the tax
	consequences to you will depend on your personal situation,
	including your basis in your shares of Spieker common stock. You
	should consult your tax advisor for a full understanding of the
	tax consequences of the merger to you.

Q: 

What will my dividends be before and after the merger?

A: 

	Until the merger is completed, Spieker common and preferred
	stockholders will continue to receive regular dividends as
	authorized by Spiekers board of directors. Assuming the
	merger closes on or before July 13, 2001, Spieker currently
	does not intend to pay any further dividends during the
	pre-merger period, other than the quarterly dividends declared
	on March 7, 2001. If the merger closes after July 13,
	2001, Spieker currently intends to continue to pay regular
	quarterly dividends for any additional quarterly periods ending
	before the closing of the merger, including the quarter ending
	June 30, 2001, and, if necessary, a final dividend in an
	amount equal to the minimum amount necessary to maintain
	Spiekers REIT status under the Internal Revenue Code and
	to avoid the payment of any corporate level tax

v



	with respect to undistributed income or gain, as required by the
	merger agreement.

	After the completion of the merger, former holders of Spieker
	common stock will receive the distributions payable to all
	holders of Equity Office common shares with a record date after
	the closing, and former Spieker preferred stockholders will be
	entitled to receive the same cumulative distributions on their
	Equity Office preferred shares that they were entitled to as
	holders of Spieker preferred stock, including for the quarter
	ending June 30, 2001 if the merger is completed on or
	before July 13, 2001. Based on the merger consideration
	payable to Spieker common stockholders in the merger and Equity
	Offices current quarterly distribution of $0.45 per common
	share, a Spieker common stockholder would receive quarterly
	Equity Office distributions on a pro forma combined equivalent
	basis of $0.88 per share for each share of Spieker common stock
	exchanged, assuming Equity Offices current quarterly
	distribution of $0.45 per common share. The current quarterly
	dividend paid by Spieker on its common stock is $0.70 per share.
	Upon completion of the merger, you will cease receiving any
	distributions or dividends on all shares of Spieker common stock
	and Spieker preferred stock you held before the merger other
	than any dividends declared before completion of the merger but
	not yet paid.

Q: 

What should I do now?

A: 

	If you are an Equity Office common shareholder or a Spieker
	common stockholder, just indicate on your proxy card how you
	want to vote, and sign and mail it in the enclosed postage-paid
	envelope as soon as possible so that your shares will be
	represented at your special meeting or vote your shares by
	telephone or, if you are an Equity Office shareholder, through
	the Internet, in each case, by following the instructions on
	your proxy card.

	If you sign and send in your proxy and do not indicate how you
	want to vote, your proxy will be voted in favor of the proposal
	to approve the merger agreement and the merger and, if you are
	an Equity Office common shareholder, in favor of the proposal to
	approve the amendments to the Equity Office declaration of trust
	to be effected as part of the merger. If you do not sign and
	send in your proxy, vote by telephone, through the internet, or
	at your special meeting, or if you abstain, it will have the
	effect of a vote against approval of the merger agreement and
	the merger and, in the case of Equity Office common
	shareholders, against the amendments to the Equity Office
	declaration of trust.

	You can choose to attend your special meeting and vote your
	shares in person instead of completing and returning a proxy
	card. You also may vote by telephone or, if you are an Equity
	Office shareholder, through the Internet, in each case, by
	following the instructions on your proxy card. If you do
	complete and return a proxy card, you may change your vote at
	any time up to and including the time of the vote on the day of
	your special meeting by following the directions beginning on
	page 27 for Equity Office shareholders and beginning on
	page 30 for Spieker stockholders.

Q: 

If my shares are held in street name by my
	broker, will my broker vote my shares for me?

A: 

	Your broker will vote your Equity Office common shares or shares
	of Spieker common stock only if you instruct your broker how to
	vote by following the directions your broker provides. If you do
	not instruct your broker how to vote, your shares will not be
	voted and this will have the effect of voting against approval
	of the merger agreement and the merger and, in the case of
	Equity Office common shareholders, against approval of the
	amendments to the Equity Office declaration of trust.

Q: 

Should I send in my stock certificates now?

A: 

	No. After the merger, Equity Offices exchange agent will
	send to former Spieker common and preferred stockholders a
	letter of transmittal explaining what you must do to exchange
	your Spieker common or preferred stock certificates for the
	merger consideration payable to you.

	If you are an Equity Office shareholder, you are not required to
	take any action regarding your Equity Office common share
	certificates.

vi



Q: 

Who can answer my questions?

A: 

Equity Office Common Shareholders.
 Equity Office common
	shareholders who have more questions about the merger or desire
	additional copies of this joint proxy statement/ prospectus or
	additional proxy cards should contact:

Equity Office Properties Trust

Two North Riverside Plaza

Suite 2100

Chicago, Illinois 60606

Attention:  Diane Morefield

Telephone:  (312) 466-3300

Spieker Common and Preferred Stockholders.
 Spieker common
and preferred stockholders who have more questions about the
merger or desire additional copies of this joint proxy
statement/ prospectus or, with respect to Spieker common
stockholders, who desire additional proxy cards should contact:

Spieker Properties, Inc.

2180 Sand Hill Road

Suite 200

Menlo Park, California 94025

Attention: Karen Morris

Telephone: (650) 854-5600

vii



SUMMARY

This summary highlights selected information from this joint
proxy statement/ prospectus. It may not contain all of the
detailed information that may be important to you. To understand
the merger fully and for a more complete description of the
legal terms of the merger, you should read carefully this entire
document and the other documents to which we refer, including
the merger agreement, as amended. For more information about
Equity Office and Spieker, see Where You Can Find More
Information beginning on page 124. Each item in this
summary refers to the pages where that subject is discussed more
fully.

The Companies

Equity Office Properties Trust

Two North Riverside Plaza

Suite 2100

Chicago, Illinois 60606

(312) 466-3300

Equity Office Properties Trust, a Maryland real estate
investment trust, is the nations largest publicly-held
owner and operator of office properties, based upon equity
market capitalization and square footage. At March 31,
2001, Equity Office had a portfolio of 380 office buildings
comprising 99.0 million square feet in 24 states and the
District of Columbia. Equity Office, which has elected to be
taxed as REIT for federal income tax purposes, is an independent
real estate company that manages all aspects of its operations
internally.

Equity Office is the sole general partner of, and owns
approximately an 88.5% interest in, EOP Operating Limited
Partnership, a Delaware limited partnership. Equity Office owns
substantially all of its assets and conducts all of its
operations through EOP Partnership, which principally is engaged
in acquiring, owning, operating and leasing office properties.
Equity Office was organized in 1996 and began operations in 1997
to continue and expand the national office property business of
Mr. Samuel Zell, Chairman of the Board of Trustees of
Equity Office, and his affiliates.

Spieker Properties, Inc.

2180 Sand Hill Road

Suite 200

Menlo Park, California 94025

(650) 854-5600

Spieker Properties, Inc., a Maryland corporation, is the second
largest publicly-held owner and operator of office and
industrial properties, based upon equity market capitalization.
Spiekers properties are located primarily in greater
Seattle, Washington; greater Portland, Oregon; Northern
California and Southern California. As of March 31, 2001,
Spieker owned 37.4 million square feet of commercial real
estate. As of that date, Spiekers portfolio mix consisted
of 24.7 million square feet of office property and
12.7 million square feet of industrial property. Spieker,
which has elected to be taxed as a REIT for federal income tax
purposes, is an independent real estate company that manages all
aspects of its operations internally.

Substantially all of the business activities of Spieker are
conducted through its operating partnership, Spieker Properties,
L.P., a California limited partnership, of which Spieker is the
sole general partner. Spieker was formed to continue and expand
the real estate activities, including the acquisition,
development, management and leasing of the properties of its
predecessor firm, Spieker Partners, which commenced operations
in 1987. Spieker commenced operations in November 1993 with
the acquisition of properties of Spieker Partners and with the
completion of its initial public offering.

The Combined Company

Equity Office Properties Trust

Two North Riverside Plaza

Suite 2100

Chicago, Illinois 60606

(312) 466-3300

Upon completion of the merger, Equity Office will remain the
sole general partner of, and own approximately an 87.8% interest
in, EOP Partnership, assuming that (1) none of the
unitholders of EOP Partnership or Spieker Partnership redeem
their units for cash or exchange their units for Equity Office
common shares or Spieker common stock, as applicable, and
(2) no



holder of convertible securities of Equity Office, EOP
Partnership or Spieker, including share options of Equity Office
and Spieker, converts or exercises those securities for Equity
Office common shares or shares of Spieker common stock prior to
the merger.

Equity Office will own a portfolio comprising approximately
136.4 million square feet of commercial real estate in 24
states and the District of Columbia, and have 4.3 million
square feet of properties under development with an expected
investment in properties under development of approximately
$1.1 billion, upon completion of the merger. Based on per
share closing price of Equity Office common shares on the New
York Stock Exchange on June 5, 2001, the latest practicable
date before mailing this joint proxy statement/prospectus, the
debt and equity market capitalization of the combined company is
estimated to be approximately $26.7 billion.

The Equity Office Special Meeting; Vote

Required (see page 27)

The Equity Office special meeting will be held at One North
Franklin Street, Third Floor, Chicago, Illinois on Monday,
July 9, 2001 at 10:00 a.m., Central Time. At the
special meeting, holders of Equity Office common shares will be
asked to consider and vote upon a proposal to approve the merger
agreement and the merger of Spieker with and into Equity Office
and a proposal to approve the amendments to the Equity Office
declaration of trust described under
 Amendments to Equity Offices Declaration
of Trust on page 4. Approval of the merger agreement
and the merger, as well as the amendments to Equity
Offices declaration of trust, requires the affirmative
vote of the holders of at least a majority of the outstanding
Equity Office common shares as of the record date for the
special meeting. As of the record date for the Equity Office
special meeting, the trustees, executive officers and their
affiliates beneficially owned, excluding share options and EOP
Partnership units held by them, 4,170,306 Equity Office common
shares representing 1.35% of the outstanding Equity Office
common shares entitled to be voted at the Equity Office special
meeting. The vote of Equity Office preferred shareholders is not
required for approval of the merger agreement and the merger or
approval of the amendments to the Equity Office declaration of
trust.

You can vote at the Equity Office special meeting if you owned
Equity Office common shares at the close of business on
May 21, 2001.

The Spieker Special Meeting; Vote Required
(see page 30)

The Spieker special meeting will be held at Quadrus Conference
Center, Room QCC, 2400 Sand Hill Road, Menlo Park,
California, on Monday, July 9, 2001 at 8:00 a.m.,
Pacific Time. At the special meeting, holders of Spieker common
stock will be asked to consider and vote upon a proposal to
approve the merger agreement and the merger of Spieker with and
into Equity Office. Approval of the merger agreement and the
merger requires the affirmative vote of the holders of a
majority of the outstanding shares of Spieker common stock as of
the record date for the special meeting. The vote of Spieker
preferred stockholders is not required for approval of the
merger agreement and the merger. Less than 1% of the shares of
Spieker common stock entitled to vote at the Spieker special
meeting were held as of the record date by Spieker directors,
executive officers and their affiliates. Eleven Spieker
directors and executive officers holding 494,805 shares of
Spieker common stock, or approximately 0.73% of the outstanding
shares of Spieker common stock as of the record date, have
entered into voting agreements agreeing to vote these shares in
favor of the merger agreement and the merger at the Spieker
special meeting.

You can vote at the Spieker special meeting if you owned Spieker
common stock at the close of business on May 21, 2001.

Recommendation of Equity Office Board
(see page 39)

The Equity Office board of trustees has adopted and approved the
merger agreement and the merger, has determined that the merger
agreement and the merger are in the best interests of Equity
Office and its shareholders and recommends that Equity Office
common shareholders vote FOR approval of the merger agreement
and the merger and FOR approval of the amendments to the Equity
Office declaration of trust described under
 Amendments to Equity Offices Declaration
of Trust on page 4. Equity Office common shareholders
also should refer to the reasons the Equity Office board
considered in determining



whether to adopt and approve the merger agreement and the merger
beginning on page 39.

Recommendation of Spieker Board (see page 47)

The Spieker board of directors has adopted and approved the
merger agreement and the merger, has determined that the merger
agreement and the merger are in the best interests of Spieker
and its stockholders and recommends that Spieker common
stockholders vote FOR approval of the merger agreement and the
merger. Spieker common stockholders also should refer to the
reasons the Spieker board considered in determining whether to
adopt and approve the merger agreement and the merger beginning
on page 47.

Fairness Opinions

Equity Office (see page 41)

In deciding to adopt and approve the merger agreement and the
merger, the Equity Office board considered the oral opinion,
delivered February 22, 2001, of its financial advisor,
Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated, that, as of that date,
the consideration to be paid by Equity Office under the merger
agreement was fair, from a financial point of view, to Equity
Office. This opinion was confirmed in writing on
February 22, 2001. The Morgan Stanley opinion, which sets
forth the assumptions made, procedures followed, matters
considered and limitations on the review undertaken by Morgan
Stanley in connection with its opinion, is attached as

Annex B
 to this document. Morgan Stanley did not
make any independent valuation or appraisal of the assets or
liabilities of Spieker and was not furnished with any such
appraisals in connection with preparing its fairness opinion.
Equity Office has agreed to pay Morgan Stanley a financial
advisory fee of $9.0 million contingent upon completion of
the merger. 
We encourage Equity Office shareholders to read
this opinion carefully. This opinion does not, however,
constitute a recommendation to any Equity Office shareholder
with respect to any matters relating to the proposed merger.

Spieker (see page 51)

In deciding to adopt and approve the merger agreement and the
merger, the Spieker board considered the opinion, delivered
February 22, 2001, of its financial advisor, Goldman, Sachs
& Co., that, as of that date and based upon and subject to
the matters set forth in that opinion, the consideration to be
received by Spieker common stockholders in the merger was fair,
from a financial point of view, to the Spieker common
stockholders. The Goldman Sachs opinion, which sets forth the
assumptions made, procedures followed, matters considered and
limitations on the review undertaken by Goldman Sachs in
connection with its opinion, is attached as 
Annex C

to this document. Goldman Sachs did not make an independent
evaluation or appraisal of the assets and liabilities of Spieker
or Equity Office or any of their subsidiaries and was not
furnished with an evaluation or appraisal of any of these assets
or liabilities in connection with preparing its fairness
opinion. Spieker has agreed to pay Goldman Sachs a financial
advisory fee of $6.0 million contingent upon completion of
the merger. 
We encourage Spieker stockholders to read this
opinion carefully. This opinion does not, however, constitute a
recommendation to any Spieker stockholder with respect to any
matters relating to the proposed merger.

Merger Financing (see page 64)

Equity Office intends to finance the estimated $1.187 billion of
merger costs, including the approximately $907 million cash
portion of the consideration to be paid to Spieker common
stockholders, under a new $1.0 billion unsecured bridge
facility, to be entered into before the closing of the merger,
and by EOP Partnership borrowing the remaining $187 million
of merger costs under EOP Partnerships existing
$1.0 billion credit facility. EOP Partnership has received
executed commitments from various lenders for the entire
$1.0 billion principal amount of the new bridge facility,
which will have a term of 364 days from funding and an
interest rate of LIBOR plus 80 basis points, subject to EOP
Partnerships credit rating. Equity Office will guarantee
any outstanding obligation under the new bridge facility. EOP
Partnership and Equity Office have agreed, jointly and
severally, to pay a commitment fee of 20 basis points, or $2.0
million, if the new bridge facility is not refinanced within
120 days from the date of funding. At March 31, 2001,
EOP Partnership had available borrowing capacity under its
existing $1.0 billion credit facility of $962 million.

Risks Associated with the Merger (see page 22)

The board of trustees of Equity Office and the board of
directors of Spieker believe that the



merger is in the best interests of their respective shareholders
and stockholders. There are, however, risks associated with the
merger that you should consider in deciding how to vote. These
risks include, among others:

 

	the fact that the value of the Equity Office shares Spieker
	stockholders will receive in the merger will fluctuate during
	the period before the merger;

 

	the potential inability of Equity Office to integrate
	successfully Spiekers portfolio and to realize the cost
	savings expected from the merger;

 

	the fact that the directors and officers of Spieker may have
	interests in, and will receive benefits from, the merger that
	are different from, or in addition to, and, therefore, may
	conflict with the interests of Spieker stockholders in the
	merger;

 

	the fact that EOP Partnership will need to refinance the new
	$1.0 billion bridge facility being obtained to finance
	$1.0 billion of the estimated $1.187 billion of merger
	costs within 364 days from date of funding, and anticipates
	incurring increased interest costs on the replacement
	indebtedness due to higher interest costs of longer-term debt;

 

	the fact that Spieker and Spieker Partnership may be required to
	pay a termination fee of up to $160 million under specified
	circumstances;

 

	the fact that Equity Office and Spieker have already incurred
	substantial expenses in connection with the merger, and may
	incur additional expenses in the event that the merger is not
	completed; and

 

	the risk that further declines in overall economic activity in
	Equity Offices and Spiekers markets could adversely
	affect Equity Offices results after the merger.

Amendments to Equity Offices Declaration of Trust
(see page 93)

As part of the merger, Equity Office common shareholders will be
asked to vote upon a proposal to amend the Equity Office
declaration of trust, to:

 

	increase the maximum number of trustees from 15 to 16; and

 

	authorize the Equity Office board of trustees to exempt one or
	more series of preferred shares issued in connection with a
	business combination from all or any portion of the ownership
	limitations and restrictions on transfer set forth in
	Article VII of the Equity Office declaration of trust.

The Equity Office board of trustees has declared advisable the
amendments to be effected as part of the merger and recommends
that Equity Office shareholders approve these amendments.

The proposal to approve the merger agreement and the merger and
the proposal to approve the amendments to the Equity Office
declaration of trust are conditioned upon one another. If both
proposals are not approved, Equity Office and Spieker cannot
complete the merger.

The Merger Agreement (see page 66)

The merger agreement, as amended, is attached at the back of
this document as 
Annex A
. We urge you to read the
merger agreement because it is the legal document that governs
the merger.

The merger agreement contemplates the following two-step
transaction:

 

	the partnership merger, in which Spieker Partnership will merge
	with and into EOP Partnership, and Spieker Partnership will
	cease to exist, which we refer to as the partnership merger,
	followed by

 

	the merger, in which Spieker will merge with and into Equity
	Office and Spieker will cease to exist.

The merger will be completed as soon as practicable following
the partnership merger.

The Vote of Partners of EOP Partnership and Spieker
Partnership (see page 63)

Under authority granted Equity Office, as general partner of EOP
Partnership, Equity Office has approved the partnership merger.
No vote or consent of unitholders of EOP Partnership is



required for approval of the partnership merger. The partnership
agreement of EOP Partnership requires the approval of the merger
by the consent of unitholders holding at least a majority of the
outstanding EOP Partnership units, including any EOP Partnership
units held by Equity Office. Equity Office owns more than a
majority of the outstanding EOP Partnership class A units and
all of the outstanding EOP Partnership preferred units, and
intends to take action by written consent, as permitted under
the partnership agreement of EOP Partnership, to approve the
merger on or about 10:00 a.m., Central Time, on Monday,
July 9, 2001.

California law requires the approval of the principal terms of
the partnership merger by at least a majority in interest of
each class of the outstanding Spieker Partnership units,
including any preferred Spieker Partnership units held by
Spieker. Spieker owns more than a majority of the outstanding
Spieker Partnership units, including all outstanding classes of
preferred units other than the series D preferred units of
Spieker Partnership, and intends to take action by written
consent, as permitted under California law, to approve the
principal terms of the partnership merger on or about 8:00 a.m.,
Pacific Time, on Monday, July 9, 2001. The holders of
Spieker Partnership series D preferred units have already
consented to the principal terms of the partnership merger.

The required partner approvals of the partnership merger and the
merger are, therefore, assured. Neither the merger nor the
partnership merger will be completed, however, if the partners
of EOP Partnership and Spieker Partnership approve the merger
and the partnership merger, as applicable, but the Equity Office
common shareholders or the Spieker common stockholders do not
approve the merger.



Structure Diagrams

The following diagrams depict in summary form the structure of
Equity Office and Spieker before and after the partnership
merger and the merger, assuming that (1) none of the
unitholders of EOP Partnership or Spieker Partnership redeem
their units for cash or exchange their units for Equity Office
common shares or Spieker common stock, as applicable, and
(2) no holder of convertible securities of Equity Office,
EOP Partnership or Spieker, including share options of Equity
Office and Spieker, converts or exercises those securities for
Equity Office common shares or shares of Spieker common stock.
The percentages in the diagrams reflect ownership of partnership
interests of EOP Partnership and Spieker Partnership, other than
preferred interests as of May 21, 2001 and as of
immediately after the partnership merger and the merger. All
outstanding preferred units of EOP Partnership are owned by
Equity Office. All outstanding preferred interests of Spieker
Partnership are owned by Spieker, except for the Spieker
Partnership series D preferred units, which are owned by
two institutional investors and will be purchased by Spieker
Partnership immediately before the partnership merger. As a
result of the merger, Equity Office will succeed to the EOP
Partnership units issued to Spieker Partnership in the
partnership merger.



Conditions to the Merger and the Partnership Merger (see
page 75)

Before we can complete the partnership merger and the merger, a
number of conditions must be satisfied. These include:

 

	the approval of the merger agreement and the merger, as well as
	the amendments to the Equity Office declaration of trust
	described under Approval of Amendments to Equity
	Offices Declaration of Trust beginning on
	page 93 by Equity Office common shareholders;

 

	the approval of the merger agreement and the merger by Spieker
	common stockholders;

 

	the approval of the merger by the partners of EOP Partnership;

 

	the approval of the principal terms of the partnership merger by
	the partners of Spieker Partnership;

 

	the absence of a court order or law preventing the completion of
	either the merger or the partnership merger; and

 

	other customary closing conditions.

Where the law permits, Equity Office or Spieker could decide to
complete the merger even though one or more conditions were not
satisfied. By law, neither Equity Office nor Spieker can waive:

 

	the requirement that Equity Office common shareholders, Spieker
	common stockholders and partners of EOP Partnership approve the
	merger and that Equity Office common shareholders approve the
	amendments to Equity Offices declaration of trust to be
	effected as part of the merger;

 

	the requirement that partners of Spieker Partnership approve the
	principal terms of the partnership merger; or

 

	any court order or law preventing the closing of the merger or
	the partnership merger.

Whether any of the other conditions would be waived would depend
on the facts and circumstances as determined by the reasonable
business judgment of the board of trustees of Equity Office or
the board of directors of Spieker. If Equity Office or Spieker
waived compliance with one or more of the other conditions and
the condition was deemed material to a vote of Equity Office
common shareholders and/or Spieker common stockholders, Equity
Office and/or Spieker would have to resolicit shareholder or
stockholder approval, as applicable, before closing the merger.
Neither Equity Office nor Spieker intends to notify shareholders
or stockholders of any waiver that, in the judgment of Equity
Offices board of trustees and Spiekers board of
directors, does not require resolicitation of shareholder or
stockholder approval.

It is a condition to the closing of the merger that
Hogan & Hartson L.L.P., counsel to Equity Office,
and Sullivan & Cromwell, counsel to Spieker, deliver
opinions that the merger qualifies as a reorganization under the
provisions of section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code.
This condition will not be waived.

Termination of the Merger Agreement (see
page 80)

Equity Office or Spieker may terminate the merger agreement,
whether before or after the required shareholder and partner
approvals are obtained, if:

 

	the merger and the partnership merger are not completed by
	December 31, 2001, unless extended by the parties; however,
	neither Equity Office nor Spieker may terminate the merger
	agreement if its breach is the reason that the merger or the
	partnership merger is not completed by that date;

 

	a final, non-appealable judgment or governmental order is issued
	preventing completion of the merger or the partnership merger;

 

	the Spieker common stockholders do not approve the merger
	agreement and the merger, the partners of Spieker Partnership do
	not approve the principal terms of the partnership merger, or
	Equity Office determines that either such approval cannot be
	obtained, but Spieker may not terminate the merger agreement for
	either of these reasons if it is in breach in any material
	respect of its obligations contained in the merger agreement
	relating to obtaining these approvals; or



 

	Equity Office common shareholders do not approve the merger
	agreement and the merger, and the amendments to the Equity
	Office declaration of trust, or the partners of EOP Partnership
	do not approve the merger, but Equity Office may not terminate
	the merger agreement for either of these reasons if it is in
	breach in any material respect of its obligations contained in
	the merger agreement relating to obtaining these approvals.

Equity Office also may terminate the merger agreement if:

 

	Spieker or Spieker Partnership breaches or does not perform any
	of its covenants, obligations or agreements in the merger
	agreement, or breaches any of its representations or warranties
	or if any of its representations and warranties is or becomes
	untrue, in either case so that the conditions to completion of
	the merger and the partnership merger would be incapable of
	being satisfied by December 31, 2001, unless extended by
	the parties; or

 

	the Spieker board of directors does not recommend or withdraws,
	modifies, amends or qualifies, in any manner adverse to Equity
	Office, its approval or recommendation of either the merger or
	the merger agreement, or approves or recommends any superior
	alternative acquisition proposal, or the Spieker board or any
	committee of the Spieker board resolves to do any of the
	foregoing; or

 

	following the announcement or receipt of an alternative
	acquisition proposal, Spieker does not call the Spieker special
	meeting or does not prepare and mail to its stockholders this
	joint proxy statement/ prospectus or the Spieker board or any
	committee of the Spieker board resolves to do any of the
	foregoing.

Spieker also may terminate the merger agreement if:

 

	Equity Office or EOP Partnership breaches or fails to perform
	any of its covenants, obligations or agreements in the merger
	agreement, or breaches any of its representations or warranties
	or if any of its representations and warranties is or becomes
	untrue, in either case so that the conditions to completion of
	the merger and the partnership merger would be incapable of
	being satisfied by December 31, 2001, unless extended by
	the parties; or

 

	the Spieker board withdraws, modifies, amends or qualifies, in
	any manner adverse to Equity Office, its approval or
	recommendation of either of the merger or the merger agreement
	in connection with, or approves or recommends, any superior
	alternative acquisition proposal, or in order to enter into a
	binding written agreement with respect to a superior acquisition
	proposal, so long as, in each case, Spieker has complied with
	the terms of the no solicitation provisions contained in the
	merger agreement and, before terminating the merger agreement,
	pays to EOP Partnership the termination fee.

Equity Office and Spieker also may mutually agree to terminate
the merger agreement.

Termination Fee and Termination Expenses (see
page 81)

Spieker and Spieker Partnership have agreed to pay to EOP
Partnership a termination fee of up to $160 million, if the
merger agreement is terminated:

 

	by Spieker under the circumstances described above where it is
	permitted to terminate the merger agreement because its board of
	directors has withdrawn, modified or qualified, in any manner
	adverse to Equity Office, its recommendation of either the
	merger or the merger agreement in connection with, or has
	approved or recommended, any superior acquisition proposal, or
	in order to enter into a binding agreement with respect to a
	superior acquisition proposal; or

 

	by Equity Office because the Spieker board does not recommend or
	withdraws, modifies, amends or qualifies, in any manner adverse
	to Equity Office, its approval or recommendation of the merger,
	the partnership merger or the merger agreement, or approves or
	recommends any superior alternative acquisition proposal, or
	resolves to do any of the foregoing.



The termination fee of up to $160 million also would be payable
by Spieker and Spieker Partnership if:

 

	Spieker or Spieker Partnership has received a proposal for an
	alternative acquisition transaction before the termination;

 

	before or within 12 months after the termination, Spieker
	or Spieker Partnership enters into an agreement regarding any
	alternative acquisition transaction that is later completed; and

 

	the merger agreement was terminated by Equity Office because a
	final, non-appealable judgment or governmental order resulting
	primarily from action or inaction of Spieker or Spieker
	Partnership was issued or the merger agreement was terminated by
	Equity Office or Spieker for any other reason other than by
	mutual agreement, a breach by Equity Office or EOP Partnership
	of its representations and warranties, covenants, obligations or
	agreements, the failure of Equity Office common shareholders to
	approve the merger agreement and the merger and the amendments
	to the Equity Office declaration of trust or the failure of
	partners of EOP Partnership to approve the merger.

Under the merger agreement, Spieker and Spieker Partnership, on
the one hand, and Equity Office and EOP Partnership, on the
other, also may become obligated under specified circumstances
to reimburse up to $7.5 million of the other parties
expenses if the merger agreement is terminated. The amount of
any termination fee paid by Spieker and Spieker Partnership
would be reduced by any expense reimbursement paid by them.

Regulatory Approvals (see page 64)

No material federal or state regulatory requirements must be
complied with or approvals must be obtained by Equity Office,
EOP Partnership, Spieker or Spieker Partnership in connection
with either the merger or the partnership merger.

Accounting Treatment (see page 64)

The merger will be treated as a purchase for financial
accounting purposes.

Conflicts of Interest of Spieker Directors and Executive
Officers in the Merger and the Partnership Merger (see
page 58)

In considering the recommendation of the Spieker board with
respect to the merger agreement and the merger, Spieker
stockholders should be aware that, as described below, some
Spieker directors and executive officers have interests in, and
will receive benefits from, the merger and the partnership
merger that differ from, or are in addition to, and, therefore,
may conflict with the interests of Spieker stockholders
generally.

Trustees of Equity Office After the Merger. 
Under the
merger agreement, Warren E. Spieker, Jr.,
Spiekers Chairman of the Board, and John A. Foster
and Craig G. Vought, Spiekers Co-Chief Executive
Officers, will become members of the Equity Office board of
trustees following the merger. Mr. Spiekers term will
expire in 2004, Mr. Voughts term in 2003 and
Mr. Fosters term in 2002. See
 Trustees and Executive Officers of Equity
Office After the Merger beginning on page 11.

Indemnification and Insurance.
 The merger agreement
provides that Equity Office and EOP Partnership will provide
exculpation and indemnification for directors and officers of
Spieker and Spieker Partnership, including for actions taken in
connection with the merger, which is the same as the exculpation
and indemnification provided by Spieker and Spieker Partnership
as of the date of the merger agreement. The merger agreement
also provides that Equity Office and EOP Partnership will
indemnify and hold harmless former directors and officers of
Spieker and Spieker Partnership after the merger to the fullest
extent permitted by law. In addition, Equity Office has agreed
to provide directors and officers insurance for the
benefit of those individuals currently covered by Spiekers
insurance for a period of six years after the merger.

Equity-Based Awards. 
Unvested options to purchase an
aggregate of 1,075,247 shares of Spieker common stock at an
average exercise price of $38.33 per share previously
awarded to 17 Spieker directors and executive officers will
vest in connection with the merger pursuant to the plans under
which they were issued and in any event no later than the day
before the merger closes. These 17 Spieker directors and
executive officers also currently hold vested options to



purchase an aggregate of an additional 2,577,505 shares of
Spieker common stock at an average exercise price of $30.48. All
Spieker stock options will be converted in the merger into
options to purchase Equity Office common shares under the terms
of the merger agreement.

Under the merger agreement, holders of Spieker stock options
will be entitled to tender the Equity Office options that they
will receive in the merger to EOP Partnership for a cash payment
per option converted in the merger equal to the excess, if any,
of $58.50 over the exercise price of the Spieker option,
which acquisition and payment will be made within three business
days of the closing of the merger. Options to purchase Equity
Office common shares that are not tendered to EOP Partnership as
described above would remain outstanding as options to purchase
Equity Office common shares.

Eleven Spieker directors and executive officers holding vested
options to purchase an aggregate of 2,471,505 shares of Spieker
common stock at an average exercise price of $30.27, and
unvested options to purchase an additional 946,247 shares of
Spieker common stock at an average exercise price of $38.00 that
will vest in connection with the merger, have agreed to tender
their options to EOP Partnership. The aggregate value of these
vested and unvested options, calculated using the average
exercise prices of the options and the $58.50 cash option tender
price, is approximately $89.2 million. The remaining six
Spieker directors and executive officers who have not indicated
whether or not they intend to tender their options hold vested
options to purchase an aggregate of 106,000 shares of Spieker
common stock at an average exercise price of $35.57, and
unvested options to purchase an additional 129,000 shares of
Spieker common stock at an average exercise price of $40.74 that
will vest in the merger. At the $58.50 cash tender offer price,
these vested and unvested options have an aggregate value of
approximately $4.7 million.

In addition, 205,182 unvested shares of Spieker restricted stock
previously awarded to Spieker directors and executive officers
will vest on the day immediately before the date on which the
Spieker common stockholders approve the merger. Using a $57.70
pro forma equivalent value for Spieker common stock, the
aggregate value of the unvested Spieker restricted stock
previously awarded to Spieker directors and executive officers
is approximately $11.8 million.

Special Severance Policy. 
Spieker has a special
severance policy applicable to executive officers that
provides for severance compensation under specified
circumstances in the event of a change in control. Equity Office
has acknowledged that the merger will be a change in control for
purposes of the Spieker special severance policy and that
severance payments will be made as provided in the Spieker
special severance policy to any participant who becomes entitled
to these payments because of a termination of employment
occurring on or after the closing of the merger, unless the
termination is for cause or is a voluntary resignation without
good reason under the terms of the Spieker special severance
policy. No executive officer eligible for the benefits of the
Spieker special severance policy will become an executive
officer of Equity Office following the merger.

If any payments made to an executive officer by Spieker under
the Spieker special severance policy would result in an excise
tax imposed by section 4999 of the Internal Revenue Code,
the executive officer will receive a tax reimbursement payment
that would put the executive officer in the same financial
position after-tax that he would have been in if the excise tax
did not apply to such amounts. However, if reducing the total
payments under the special severance policy by 10% or less would
avoid triggering the excise tax, the payments under the Spieker
special severance policy will be reduced by the amount necessary
to avoid triggering the excise tax rather than making the tax
reimbursement payment.

Under the severance policy, the thirteen executive officers of
Spieker will be entitled to receive estimated cash payments
ranging from approximately $1.1 million to
$5.0 million as a base amount, or approximately
$33.9 million in the aggregate. In the event these
executive officers become entitled to tax reimbursement as
described above, the tax reimbursement amounts could range from
$0 to $3.4 million per individual, or approximately $19.9
million in the aggregate. The calculation of the estimated cash
payments under the special severance policy assumes that Equity
Offices obligations under the policy are triggered
immediately upon the closing of the merger and that the merger
will close on July 9, 2001. The amounts shown include
estimated 2001



bonuses through the closing date. Neither Spieker nor Equity
Office has yet determined that any tax reimbursement payments
would be required.

In addition, under the Spieker special severance policy, the
executive officer and his or her eligible dependents will
continue to be eligible to participate in the medical, dental,
disability and life insurance plans and arrangements applicable
to him or her immediately before his or her termination of
employment, on substantially the same terms and conditions in
effect immediately before the termination. If such participation
is prohibited, equivalent coverage will be purchased for the
executive officer and his or her eligible dependents with no
greater after-tax cost to the executive officer than he or she
paid for coverage prior to being terminated. Coverage will
continue for three years from the date of termination in the
case of Messrs. Spieker, Foster and Vought, and John K.
French and Dennis E. Singleton, each of whom is a
Vice-Chairman of Spiekers board, Stuart A. Rothstein,
Spiekers Chief Financial Officer, and one other executive
officer and for two years from the date of termination in the
case of Joseph D. Russell, Jr., Peter H. Schnugg and James C.
Eddy and all other eligible executive officers.

Tax Related Undertakings of EOP Partnership.
 Under the
merger agreement, EOP Partnership has agreed, for the benefit of
17 named unitholders, not to sell, exchange or otherwise
dispose of, except in tax-free or tax-deferred transactions,
specified office properties comprising approximately
6.5 million square feet, or approximately 26.5% of Spieker
Partnerships office portfolio on a square footage basis,
and specified industrial properties comprising approximately
5.6 million square feet, or approximately 43.7% of Spieker
Partnerships industrial portfolio on a square footage
basis. These office and industrial properties comprise
approximately 12.1 million square feet, or approximately
32.3% of Spieker Partnerships total portfolio on a square
footage basis. These restrictions, which benefit
Messrs. Spieker, Foster, Vought, French, Singleton, Schnugg
and Eddy and one other Spieker executive officer, among others,
last for at least 10 years and, depending on whether the
unitholder enters into, and complies with the terms of, an
agreement not to sell specified percentages of their Equity
Office common shares and EOP Partnership units during the
initial 10 year restriction period, up to 20 years
after closing of the partnership merger. In addition, EOP
Partnership has agreed for tax purposes to make available to
these same named unitholders the opportunity to guarantee
specified debt of EOP Partnership for the same period and has
made specified other undertakings. These provisions are intended
to ensure that these unitholders, who originally contributed
properties to Spieker Partnership in exchange for Spieker
Partnership units, will be able to continue to defer the
otherwise substantial gain that would be recognized by them for
tax purposes as EOP Partnership unitholders upon a sale of any
one or more of these properties.

Loan Forgiveness.
 According to its terms, a $400,000 loan
made in April 2000 by Spieker to Mr. Rothstein, together with
accrued interest, will be forgiven upon completion of the
merger. The loan was extended to Mr. Rothstein for the
purchase of a personal residence and has an outstanding balance
of $360,000. If the merger were not to occur, 10% of the
original loan amount would be forgiven in each of the next four
years under the terms of the loan, subject to his continued
employment.

Acquisition of Spieker Northwest. 
In connection with the
merger, a subsidiary of Equity Office will purchase 100% of the
voting and 5% of the non-voting capital stock of Spieker
Northwest, Inc., a noncontrolled third-party service subsidiary
of Spieker, for an aggregate of $202,500 in cash from the
holders of that stock, who include Messrs. Spieker, French
and Singleton and one other individual, each of whom owns 25% of
the voting capital stock of Spieker Northwest, Inc. and 1.25% of
the non-voting capital stock.

BroadBand Restricted Stock Agreements. 
Spieker has
entered into restricted stock agreements with its executive
officers, among others, under which those executive officers
have been awarded shares of common stock of BroadBand Office,
Inc. In connection with the merger, the restrictions with
respect to those shares will lapse. BroadBand Office, Inc. filed
for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection under the U.S. Bankruptcy
Code on May 9, 2001. Therefore, such awards are not
expected to have any value.

Trustees and Executive Officers of Equity Office After the
Merger (see page 58)

Following the merger, the current trustees of Equity Office will
remain as trustees of Equity Office. In addition, the merger
agreement provides that Messrs. Spieker, Foster and Vought
will become members of the Equity Office board of



trustees as described above. Following the merger, the current
executive officers of Equity Office will remain as executive
officers of Equity Office. No current executive officers of
Spieker will become executive officers of Equity Office
following the merger.

Differences in the Rights of Shareholders 

 (see page 106)

The rights of holders of Spieker common and preferred stock
currently are governed by the Maryland General Corporation Law
and Spiekers charter and bylaws. Following the closing of
the merger, the rights of former holders of Spieker common and
preferred stock who receive Equity Office common or preferred
shares in the merger will be governed by the Maryland REIT Law
and Equity Offices declaration of trust and bylaws. The
Maryland REIT Law contains trust governance provisions that
generally are comparable to or the same as many corporate
governance provisions in the Maryland General Corporation Law.



Selected Historical Consolidated and Combined Financial
Data

Equity Office

The following tables set forth selected consolidated and
combined financial and operating information on a historical
basis for Equity Office and its predecessors. The selected
operating data and certain other data set forth below for the
years ended December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998, for the
period from July 11, 1997 through December 31, 1997,
for the period from January 1, 1997 through July 10,
1997 and for the year ended December 31, 1996, and the
balance sheet data as of December 31, 2000, 1999, 1998,
1997 and 1996 and July 10, 1997, have been derived from the
historical audited consolidated and combined financial
statements of Equity Office and its predecessors, audited by
Ernst & Young LLP, independent auditors. The
selected operating and other data at and for the three months
ended March 31, 2001 and 2000 have been derived from the
unaudited financial statements of Equity Office. The following
information should be read together with the consolidated
financial statements and financial statement notes of Equity
Office incorporated by reference in this joint proxy statement/
prospectus. See Where You Can Find More Information
beginning on page 124.

Equity Office

For the

period

from

For the three months ended

July 11, 1997

March 31,

For the years ended December 31,

through

December 31,

2000(1)

1997(2)

(Dollars in thousands, except per share data)

Operating Data:

Revenues:

Rental, parking and other

$

650,209

$

460,936

$

2,217,146

$

1,919,056

$

1,658,420

$

406,713

Total revenues

663,216

468,875

2,264,243

1,942,243

1,679,699

412,968

Expenses:

Interest

157,940

100,532

525,787

413,995

338,611

76,675

Depreciation and amortization

124,974

89,652

436,417

358,989

305,982

70,346

Property operating and ground rent(3)

217,672

157,361

764,007

669,763

600,367

155,679

General and administrative

25,639

19,651

91,415

80,927

63,564

17,690

Total expenses

526,225

367,196

1,817,626

1,523,674

1,308,524

320,390

Income before allocation to minority interests,
	income from investment in unconsolidated joint ventures, net
	gain (loss) on sales of real estate, extraordinary items and
	cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle

136,991

101,679

446,617

418,569

371,175

92,578

Minority interests

(19,535

)

(12,969

)

(66,219

)

(50,153

)

(38,340

)

(7,799

)

Income from investment in unconsolidated joint
	ventures

15,426

11,374

56,251

13,824

11,267

3,173

Net gain (loss) on sales of real 
	estate and extraordinary items



3,251

34,211

49,113

4,927

(16,240

)

Cumulative effect of a change in accounting
	principle

(1,142

)











Net income

131,740

103,335

470,860

431,353

349,029

71,712

Put option settlement



(1,030

)

(2,576

)

(5,658

)





Preferred distributions, net

(10,884

)

(10,697

)

(43,348

)

(43,603

)

(32,202

)

(649

)

Net income available for common shares

$

120,856

$

91,608

$

424,936

$

382,092

$

316,827

$

71,063

Net income available per weighted average common
	share outstanding  basic

$

0.39

$

0.37

$

1.53

$

1.49

$

1.25

$

0.44

Net income available per weighted average common
	share and common share equivalent outstanding  diluted

$

0.39

$

0.37

$

1.52

$

1.48

$

1.24

$

0.43

[Additional columns below]

[Continued from above table, first column(s) repeated]

Equity Office Predecessors

For the

period

from

January 1,

For the

through

year ended

July 10,

December 31,

(Dollars in thousands, except per share data)

Operating Data:

Revenues:

Rental, parking and other

$

327,017

$

493,396

Total revenues

339,104

508,124

Expenses:

Interest

80,481

119,595

Depreciation and amortization

66,034

96,237

Property operating and ground rent(3)

127,285

201,067

General and administrative

17,201

23,145

Total expenses

291,001

440,044

Income before allocation to minority interests,
	income from investment in unconsolidated joint ventures, net
	gain (loss) on sales of real estate, extraordinary items and
	cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle

48,103

68,080

Minority interests

(912

)

(2,086

)

Income from investment in unconsolidated joint
	ventures

1,982

2,093

Net gain (loss) on sales of real 
	estate and extraordinary items

12,236

5,338

Cumulative effect of a change in accounting
	principle





Net income

61,409

73,425

Put option settlement





Preferred distributions, net





Net income available for common shares

$

61,409

$

73,425

Net income available per weighted average common
	share outstanding  basic

Net income available per weighted average common
	share and common share equivalent outstanding  diluted



Equity Office

For the

period

from

For the three months ended

July 11, 1997

March 31,

For the years ended December 31,

through

December 31,

2000(1)

1997(2)

(Dollars in thousands, except per share data)

Weighted average common shares
	outstanding  basic

306,971,084

247,695,287

277,186,733

256,045,895

253,167,037

162,591,477

Weighted average common shares and common share
	equivalents outstanding  diluted

351,400,853

283,568,648

318,997,407

291,157,204

283,974,532

180,014,027

Cash distributions declared per common share

$

.45

$

.42

$

1.74

$

1.58

$

1.38

$

0.56

Balance Sheet Data

(at end of period):

Investment in real estate, net of accumulated
	depreciation

$

16,612,557

$

12,497,425

$

16,641,325

$

12,572,153

$

13,331,560

$

10,976,319

Total assets

$

18,723,298

$

14,089,833

$

18,794,253

$

14,046,058

$

14,261,291

$

11,751,672

Mortgage debt, unsecured notes and lines of credit

$

8,658,159

$

5,962,784

$

8,802,994

$

5,851,918

$

6,025,405

$

4,284,317

Total liabilities

$

9,415,412

$

6,484,776

$

9,504,662

$

6,334,985

$

6,472,613

$

4,591,697

Minority interests

$

1,194,223

$

858,634

$

1,218,396

$

883,454

$

737,715

$

754,818

Redeemable common shares

$

54,122

$

52,576

$

54,122

$

51,546

$

100,000

$

100,000

Preferred shares

$

613,423

$

613,923

$

613,923

$

615,000

$

615,000

$

200,000

Shareholders equity/owners equity

$

7,446,118

$

6,079,924

$

7,403,150

$

6,161,073

$

6,335,963

$

6,105,157

Other Data:

General and administrative expenses as a
	percentage of total revenues

3.9

%

4.2

%

4.0

%

4.2

%

3.8

%

4.3

%

Number of office properties

Net rentable square feet of office properties (in
	millions)

99.0

77.0

99.0

77.0

75.1

65.3

Occupancy of office properties

%

%

%

%

%

%

Funds from operations(4)

$

272,591

$

195,559

$

910,959

$

749,641

$

661,645

$

160,929

Property net operating income(5)

$

435,618

$

305,599

$

1,463,151

$

1,256,180

$

1,065,714

$

253,418

Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and
	amortization(6)

$

461,483

$

314,588

$

1,535,943

$

1,226,053

$

1,046,626

$

241,477

Cash flow provided by operating activities

$

192,801

$

109,489

$

907,343

$

720,711

$

759,151

$

190,754

Cash flow (used for) investing activities

$

(63,672

)

$

(65,929

)

$

(1,311,778

)

$

(67,138

)

$

(2,231,712

)

$

(1,592,272

)

Cash flow (used for) provided by financing
	activities

$

(144,775

)

$

(29,522

)

$

455,353

$

(718,315

)

$

1,310,788

$

1,630,346

Ratio of earnings to combined fixed charges and
	preferred share dividends

1.8

1.8

1.8

1.8

1.9

2.1

[Additional columns below]

[Continued from above table, first column(s) repeated]

Equity Office Predecessors

For the

period

from

January 1,

For the

through

year ended

July 10,

December 31,

(Dollars in thousands, except per share data)

Weighted average common shares
	outstanding  basic

Weighted average common shares and common share
	equivalents outstanding  diluted

Cash distributions declared per common share

Balance Sheet Data

(at end of period):

Investment in real estate, net of accumulated
	depreciation



$

3,291,815

Total assets



$

3,912,565

Mortgage debt, unsecured notes and lines of credit



$

1,964,892

Total liabilities



$

2,174,483

Minority interests



$

11,080

Redeemable common shares





Preferred shares





Shareholders equity/owners equity



$

1,727,002

Other Data:

General and administrative expenses as a
	percentage of total revenues

5.1

%

4.6

%

Number of office properties



Net rentable square feet of office properties (in
	millions)



29.2

Occupancy of office properties



%

Funds from operations(4)

$

113,022

$

160,460

Property net operating income(5)

$

202,108

$

294,556

Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and
	amortization(6)

$

196,134

$

283,490

Cash flow provided by operating activities

$

95,960

$

165,975

Cash flow (used for) investing activities

$

(571,068

)

$

(924,227

)

Cash flow (used for) provided by financing
	activities

$

245,851

$

1,057,551

Ratio of earnings to combined fixed charges and
	preferred share dividends

1.6

1.5

(1) 

	On June 19, 2000, Equity Office completed its acquisition
	of Cornerstone Properties Inc. See note 3 to Equity
	Offices consolidated financial statements incorporated by
	reference in this joint proxy statement/ prospectus.

(2) 

	On December 19, 1997, Equity Office completed its
	acquisition of Beacon Properties Corporation at a cost of
	approximately $4.3 billion. As a result of this transaction,
	Equity Office acquired an interest in 130 properties
	containing approximately 20.9 million square feet.

(3) 

	Property operating expenses include real estate taxes,
	insurance, repairs and maintenance and other property operating
	expenses.



(4) 

	The White Paper on Funds from Operations approved by the Board
	of Governors of the National Association of Real Estate
	Investment Trusts, or NAREIT, in March 1995 defines funds
	from operations as net income (loss), computed in accordance
	with generally accepted accounting principles, excluding gains
	(or losses) from debt restructuring and sales of properties,
	plus real estate related depreciation and amortization and after
	adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures.
	In November 1999, NAREIT issued a National Policy Bulletin
	effective January 1, 2000 clarifying the definition of
	funds from operations to include all operating results, both
	recurring and non-recurring, except those defined as
	extraordinary under generally accepted accounting principles. In
	accordance with this NAREIT Bulletin, Equity Office no longer
	adjusts for the amortization of discounts and premiums on
	mortgages when calculating funds from operations. Accordingly,
	Equity Office restated the prior period data for comparative
	purposes. Equity Office believes that funds from operations is
	helpful to investors as a measure of the performance of an
	equity REIT because, along with cash flow from operating
	activities, financing activities and investing activities, it
	provides investors with an indication of the ability of Equity
	Office to incur and service debt, to make capital expenditures
	and to fund other cash needs. Equity Office computes funds from
	operations in accordance with standards established by NAREIT,
	which may not be comparable to funds from operations reported by
	other REITs that do not define the term in accordance with the
	current NAREIT definition or that interpret the current NAREIT
	definition differently than Equity Office. Equity Office
	computes funds from operations in accordance with the standards
	established by NAREIT, and, therefore, includes straight-line
	rents in its funds from operations. Spieker excludes
	straight-line rents in calculating its funds from operations.
	Note 3 to Spiekers selected data table on
	page 18 shows under the caption Funds from operations
	before straight-line rent funds from operations of Spieker
	calculated on a comparable basis to how Equity Office calculates
	its funds from operations. Funds from operations does not
	represent cash generated from operating activities in accordance
	with generally accepted accounting principles, nor does it
	represent cash available to pay distributions and should not be
	considered as an alternative to net income, determined in
	accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, as an
	indication of Equity Offices financial performance or to
	cash flow from operating activities, determined in accordance
	with generally accepted accounting principles, as a measure of
	Equity Offices liquidity, nor is it indicative of funds
	available to fund Equity Offices cash needs, including its
	ability to make cash distributions. Equity Office calculates
	funds from operations as follows:

Equity Office

For the three months

ended March 31,

For the years ended December 31,

2000(1)

Income before allocation to minority interests,
	income from investment in unconsolidated joint ventures, net
	gain on sales of real estate, extraordinary items and cumulative
	effect of a change in accounting principle

$

136,991

$

101,679

$

446,617

$

418,569

$

371,175

Add (deduct):

Income allocated to minority interests for
	partially owned properties

(3,253

)

(553

)

(5,370

)

(1,981

)

(2,114

)

Income from investment in unconsolidated joint
	ventures

15,426

11,374

56,251

13,824

11,267

Depreciation and amortization (real estate
	related) (including share of unconsolidated joint ventures)

134,311

94,786

459,385

368,490

313,519

Put option settlement



(1,030

)

(2,576

)

(5,658

)



Preferred distributions, net

(10,884

)

(10,697

)

(43,348

)

(43,603

)

(32,202

)

Funds from operations

$

272,591

$

195,559

$

910,959

$

749,641

$

661,645

[Additional columns below]

[Continued from above table, first column(s) repeated]

Equity Office

Equity Office Predecessors

For the

period

For the

from

period from

January 1,

July 11, 1997

For the year

through

through

ended

December 31,

July 10,

December 31,

1997(2)

Income before allocation to minority interests,
	income from investment in unconsolidated joint ventures, net
	gain on sales of real estate, extraordinary items and cumulative
	effect of a change in accounting principle

$

92,578

$

48,103

$

68,080

Add (deduct):

Income allocated to minority interests for
	partially owned properties

(789

)

(912

)

(2,086

)

Income from investment in unconsolidated joint
	ventures

3,173

1,982

2,093

Depreciation and amortization (real estate
	related) (including share of unconsolidated joint ventures)

66,616

63,849

92,373

Put option settlement







Preferred distributions, net

(649

)





Funds from operations

$

160,929

$

113,022

$

160,460

(5) 

	Property net operating income is defined as rental income,
	including tenant reimbursements, parking and other income less
	property operating expenses, including real estate taxes,
	insurance, repairs and maintenance and other property operating
	expenses.

(6) 

	Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization
	is presented because Equity Office believes this data is used by
	some investors to evaluate Equity Offices ability to meet
	debt service



	requirements. Equity Office considers earnings before interest,
	taxes, depreciation and amortization to be an indicative measure
	of its operating performance due to the significance of Equity
	Offices long-lived assets and because this data can be
	used to measure Equity Offices ability to service debt,
	fund capital expenditures and expand its business. However, this
	data should not be considered as an alternative to net income,
	operating profit, cash flows from operations or any other
	operating or liquidity performance measure prescribed by
	generally accepted accounting principles. In addition, earnings
	before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization as
	calculated by Equity Office may not be comparable to similarly
	titled measures reported by other companies. Interest expense,
	taxes, depreciation and amortization, which are not reflected in
	the presentation of earnings before interest, taxes,
	depreciation and amortization, have been, and will be, incurred
	by Equity Office. Investors are cautioned that these excluded
	items are significant components in understanding and assessing
	Equity Offices financial performance. Equity Office
	calculates earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and
	amortization as follows:

Equity Office

For the

period from

For the three months

July 11, 1997

ended March 31,

For the years ended December 31,

through

December 31,

2000(1)

1997(2)

Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation
	and amortization:

Net income available for common shares

$

120,856

$

91,608

$

424,936

$

382,092

$

316,825

$

71,063

Plus minority interest  EOP Partnership

16,282

12,416

59,376

48,172

36,226

7,010

Plus depreciation and lease amortization

123,648

88,275

426,671

354,296

299,578

66,168

Plus preferred distributions, net

10,884

10,697

43,348

43,603

32,202

Plus put option settlement



1,030

2,576

5,658





Plus interest expense and loan amortization

159,266

101,909

535,533

418,688

345,015

80,853

Plus taxes

1,517

2,719

1,666

Less income from investment in unconsolidated
	joint ventures, net of income allocated to minority interest in
	partially owned properties

(12,173

)

(10,821

)

(49,408

)

(11,843

)

(9,153

)

(2,384

)

Plus Equity Offices share of earnings
	(losses) before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization
	from its investment in unconsolidated joint ventures, net of
	earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization
	allocated to minority interests in partially owned properties

40,061

22,678

122,930

33,844

29,194

1,638

Less net (gain) loss on sales of real estate,
	extraordinary items and cumulative effect of a change in
	accounting principle

1,142

(3,251

)

(32,738

)

(49,113

)

(4,927

)

16,241

Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation
	and amortization

$

461,483

$

314,588

$

1,535,943

$

1,226,053

$

1,046,626

$

241,477

[Additional columns below]

[Continued from above table, first column(s) repeated]

Equity Office Predecessors

For the

period

from

January 1,

For the year

through

ended

July 10,

December 31,

Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation
	and amortization:

Net income available for common shares

$

61,409

$

73,425

Plus minority interest  EOP Partnership





Plus depreciation and lease amortization

63,263

91,962

Plus preferred distributions, net





Plus put option settlement





Plus interest expense and loan amortization

83,252

123,870

Plus taxes

1,375

Less income from investment in unconsolidated
	joint ventures, net of income allocated to minority interest in
	partially owned properties

(1,070

)

(7

)

Plus Equity Offices share of earnings
	(losses) before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization
	from its investment in unconsolidated joint ventures, net of
	earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization
	allocated to minority interests in partially owned properties

(1,797

)

Less net (gain) loss on sales of real estate,
	extraordinary items and cumulative effect of a change in
	accounting principle

(12,236

)

(5,338

)

Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation
	and amortization

$

196,134

$

283,490



Spieker

The following table sets forth selected consolidated financial
and operating information on a historical basis for Spieker. The
selected operating and certain other data set forth below for
the years ended December 31, 2000, 1999, 1998, 1997 and
1996, and the balance sheet data as of December 31, 2000,
1999, 1998, 1997 and 1996, have been derived from the historical
consolidated financial statements of Spieker, audited by Arthur
Andersen LLP, independent auditors. The selected operating data
and certain other data for the three months ended March 31,
2001 and 2000, and the balance sheet data as of March 31,
2001 and March 31, 2000 have been derived from
Spiekers unaudited financial statements. The following
information should be read together with the consolidated
financial statements and financial statement notes of Spieker
incorporated by reference in this joint proxy statement/
prospectus. See Where You Can Find More Information
beginning on page 124.

For the three months

ended March 31,

Year ended December 31,

(amounts in thousands, except per share amounts)

Operating Data:

Revenues

210,398

169,512

$

753,836

$

643,829

$

561,097

$

331,313

$

200,699

Income from operations before disposition of real
	estate and minority interests

79,671

53,257

239,863

195,516

163,924

110,134

65,764

Net income

88,071

66,124

333,464

220,151

159,665

115,004

64,190

Net income available to common stockholders

79,754

57,807

300,195

187,322

130,431

99,890

52,051

Net income per share of common
	stock(1)  basic

1.21

0.89

4.59

2.93

2.10

2.07

1.51

Net income per share of common
	stock(1)  diluted

1.17

0.87

4.45

2.89

2.07

2.04

1.50

Dividends and distributions per share:

Series A preferred stock(2)

0.85

0.85

3.41

2.98

2.80

2.41

2.10

Series B preferred stock

0.59

0.59

2.36

2.36

2.36

2.36

2.36

Series C preferred stock

0.49

0.49

1.97

1.97

1.97

0.44



Series E preferred stock

0.50

0.50

2.00

2.00

1.15





Common stock

0.70

0.70

2.80

2.44

2.29

2.09

1.77

Class B common stock(2)









2.10

2.50

2.23

Class C common stock(2)









2.32

2.02

1.77

Balance Sheet Data:

Investments in real estate (before accumulated
	depreciation)

4,755,314

4,504,477

$

4,704,358

$

4,404,274

$

4,182,806

$

3,252,572

$

1,447,173

Net investments in real estate

4,354,363

4,173,363

4,328,597

4,088,034

3,942,028

3,083,521

1,319,472

Total assets

4,614,786

4,323,832

4,528,288

4,268,485

4,056,870

3,242,934

1,390,314

Mortgage loans

51,785

93,289

56,738

97,331

110,698

96,502

45,997

Unsecured debt

2,031,132

1,909,500

1,998,119

1,899,512

1,736,500

1,335,000

674,000

Total debt

2,082,917

2,002,789

2,054,857

1,996,843

1,847,198

1,431,502

719,997

Stockholders equity

1,977,987

1,812,487

1,940,057

1,793,445

1,723,462

1,493,828

563,928

Other Data:

Funds from operations(3)

99,867

72,419

$

329,259

$

258,828

$

215,064

$

147,912

$

93,293

Cash flow provided (used) by:

Operating activities

124,375

96,415

377,132

321,005

287,860

191,450

112,581

Investing activities

(70,267

)

(56,259

)

(209,979

)

(211,495

)

(780,373

)

(1,697,885

)

(387,567

)

Financing activities

(30,094

)

(45,695

)

(171,247

)

(97,312

)

474,801

1,499,727

296,749

Ratio of earnings to combined fixed charges and
	preferred distributions

2.34

1.83

1.97

1.74

1.65

2.05

1.97

Total rentable square footage of properties at
	end of period

37,395

40,391

37,715

40,659

40,843

34,543

21,430

Occupancy rate at end of period

97.4

%

96.3

%

97.4

%

96.3

%

96.4

%

94.5

%

96.6

%

(1) 

Per share amounts based upon the basic weighted
	average shares outstanding for the quarterly periods ended
	March 31, 2001 and March 31, 2000 were 65,937,390 and
	65,071,321, respectively, and the diluted weighted average
	shares outstanding were 69,111,093 and 67,247,908, respectively.
	Per share amounts based upon the basic weighted average shares
	outstanding for the years ended December 31, 2000 through
	1996 were as follows: 65,401,668 for 2000, 63,984,711 for 1999,
	62,113,172 for 1998, 48,207,141 for 1997, and 34,438,317 for
	1996, and the diluted weighted average shares outstanding were
	68,166,326 for 2000, 64,983,415 for 1999, 62,877,995 for 1998,
	48,968,905 for 1997, and 34,691,140 for 1996. Diluted weighted
	average shares outstanding include the dilutive effect of stock
	options using the treasury method.

(2) 

As of December 31, 1999, all class B
	and class C shares were converted into Spieker common
	stock. The series A preferred stock was converted to
	Spieker common stock in April 2001.



(3) 

The White Paper on Funds from Operations approved
	by the Board of Governors of NAREIT in March 1995 defines funds
	from operations as net income, computed in accordance with GAAP,
	excluding gains (or losses) from debt restructuring and sales of
	properties, plus real estate related depreciation and
	amortization and after adjustments for unconsolidated
	partnerships and joint ventures. In accordance with this NAREIT
	Bulletin, Spieker restated the 1996 data to reflect the new
	NAREIT definition except that Spieker eliminates straight-line
	rent from the calculation. In November 1999, NAREIT issued a
	National Policy Bulletin effective January 1, 2000
	clarifying the definition of funds from operations to include
	all operating results, both recurring and non-recurring, except
	those defined as extraordinary under GAAP. Spieker believes that
	funds from operations is helpful to investors as a measure of
	the performance of an equity REIT because, along with cash flow
	from operating activities, financing activities and investing
	activities, it provides investors with an indication of
	Spiekers ability to incur and service debt, to make
	capital expenditures and to fund other cash needs. Spieker
	computes funds from operations in accordance with standards
	established by NAREIT except that Spieker eliminates
	straight-line rent from the calculation, which may not be
	comparable to funds from operations reported by other REITs that
	interpret the current NAREIT definition differently than Spieker
	does. Equity Office computes funds from operations in accordance
	with the standards established by NAREIT, and, therefore,
	includes straight-line rents in its funds from operations
	calculations. Amounts shown in the table below under the caption
	Funds from operations before straight-line rent are
	presented for Spieker showing funds from operations calculated
	on a comparable basis to how Equity Office calculates its funds
	from operations. Funds from operations does not represent cash
	generated from operating activities in accordance with GAAP, nor
	does it represent cash available to pay distributions and should
	not be considered as an alternative to net income, determined in
	accordance with GAAP, as an indication of Spiekers
	financial performance or to cash flow from operating activities,
	determined in accordance with GAAP, as a measure of
	Spiekers liquidity, nor is it indicative of funds
	available to fund Spiekers cash needs, including
	Spiekers ability to make cash distributions.

For the three

months ended

March 31,

Year ended December 31,

Income from operations before disposition of real
	estate and minority interests:

$

79,671

$

53,257

$

239,863

$

195,516

$

163,924

$

110,134

$

65,764

Less:

Dividends on series B preferred stock

(2,510

)

(2,510

)

(10,041

)

(10,041

)

(10,041

)

(10,041

)

(10,041

)

Dividends on series C preferred stock

(2,953

)

(2,953

)

(11,813

)

(11,813

)

(11,813

)

(2,658

)



Dividends on series E preferred stock

(2,000

)

(2,000

)

(8,000

)

(8,000

)

(4,600

)





Distributions on preferred operating partnership
	units

(1,441

)

(1,441

)

(5,766

)

(7,904

)

(8,542

)

(402

)



Income from operations after preferred dividends
	and distributions

70,767

44,353

204,243

157,758

128,928

97,033

55,723

Add:

Depreciation and amortization

33,797

30,064

136,360

110,003

93,512

52,172

37,040

Other, net
(a)

1,866

1,262

Funds from operations before straight-line
	rent
(b)

105,145

74,839

342,469

269,023

222,552

149,952

93,066

Straight-line rent

(5,278

)

(2,420

)

(13,210

)

(10,195

)

(7,488

)

(2,040

)

Funds from operations

$

99,867

$

72,419

$

329,259

$

258,828

$

215,064

$

147,912

$

93,293

(a)

	Primarily includes our share of funds from operations from
	Spieker Griffin/W9 Associates, L.L.C., an unconsolidated joint
	venture. Further discussion of this joint venture can be found
	under Investments in Affiliates in our notes to
	consolidated financial statements.

(b)

	Amounts shown in this line correspond to Equity Offices
	calculation of funds from operations.



Equivalent Per Share Data

We have summarized below specified per common share information
for our respective companies on a historical basis, pro forma
combined basis and pro forma combined equivalent basis. The pro
forma combined amounts are based on the purchase method of
accounting. The Spieker per common share pro forma combined
equivalents are calculated by multiplying the pro forma combined
per common share amounts by the common stock exchange ratio of
1.49586 and by adding to that the $13.50 cash amount to be paid
per share of Spieker common stock in the merger.

The following information should be read together with the
historical and pro forma financial statements included or
incorporated by reference in this document. See Where You
Can Find More Information beginning on page 124.

For the three

months ended

For the year ended

March 31, 2001

December 31, 2000

Basic

Diluted

Basic

Diluted

Net income per common share before
	extraordinary items and cumulative effect of a change in
	accounting principle:

Equity Office

$

0.40

$

0.39

$

1.54

$

1.53

Spieker

$

1.21

$

1.17

$

4.59

$

4.45

Equity Office and Spieker pro forma combined
	before extraordinary items and cumulative effect of a change in
	accounting principle

$

0.44

$

0.44

$

1.67

$

1.66

Spieker pro forma combined equivalent

$

0.86

$

0.86

$

3.27

$

3.25

For the three

months ended

For the year ended

March 31, 2001

December 31, 2000

Cash distributions declared per common share:

Equity Office

$

0.45

$

1.74

Spieker

$

0.70

$

2.80

Equity Office and Spieker pro forma combined

$

0.45

$

1.74

Spieker pro forma combined equivalent

$

0.88

$

3.38

Shareholders equity (book value) per
	common share (end  of period):

Equity Office

$

24.26

$

24.28

Spieker

$

24.40

$

23.89

Equity Office and Spieker pro forma combined

$

25.52

$

25.55

Spieker pro forma combined equivalent

$

51.68

$

51.73

Market Prices of Equity Office Common Shares and Spieker
Common Stock

The following table sets forth the price per share of Equity
Office common shares and Spieker common stock based on the last
reported sale prices per share on the NYSE on February 22,
2001, the last trading day before the public announcement of the
execution of the merger agreement, and on June 5, 2001, the
latest practicable date before mailing this joint proxy
statement/ prospectus.

Price per share

Spieker pro

Equity Office

Spieker

forma equivalent(1)

February 22, 2001

$

29.43

$

52.10

$

57.52

June 5, 2001

$

29.55

$

57.37

$

57.70

(2)

(1) 

	Computed by multiplying the Equity Office common share closing
	price by the 1.49586 exchange ratio and adding the $13.50 cash
	amount per share.

(2) 

	The average last reported sale price per Equity Office common
	share for the ten trading days preceding June 6, 2001 was
	$29.18. The Spieker pro forma equivalent, based on such ten
	trading days, would be $57.15.



Summary Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial
Data

The following table sets forth the summary unaudited pro forma
condensed combined financial data for Equity Office and Spieker
as a combined entity, giving effect to the merger as if it had
occurred on the dates indicated and after giving effect to the
pro forma adjustments. The unaudited pro forma condensed
combined operating data are presented as if the merger had been
consummated on January 1, 2000. The unaudited pro forma
condensed combined balance sheet data at March 31, 2001 are
presented as if the merger had occurred on March 31, 2001.
In the opinion of management of Equity Office, all adjustments
necessary to reflect the effects of these transactions have been
made. The merger will be accounted for under the purchase method
of accounting as provided by Accounting Principles Board Opinion
No. 16.

The pro forma financial information should be read together with
the respective historical audited consolidated financial
statements and financial statement notes of Equity Office and of
Spieker incorporated by reference into this joint proxy
statement/prospectus. See Where You Can Find More
Information on page 124. The unaudited pro forma
operating data are presented for comparative purposes only and
are not necessarily indicative of what the actual combined
results of operations of Equity Office and Spieker would have
been for the period presented, nor do these data purport to
represent the results of future periods. See Equity Office
Properties Trust Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial
Statements beginning on page F-1.

Pro forma

Pro forma

for the three months ended

for the year ended

March 31, 2001

December 31, 2000

(Dollars in thousands, except per share data)

Operating Data:

Revenues:

Rental

$

672,084

$

2,294,095

Tenant reimbursements

146,299

512,362

Parking

30,590

112,107

Other

14,955

51,886

Fee income

2,494

12,466

Interest/dividends

11,793

40,129

Total revenues

878,215

3,023,045

Expenses:

Interest:

Expense incurred

210,059

731,455

Amortization of deferred financing costs

1,326

9,746

Depreciation

159,009

579,233

Amortization

9,082

26,903

Real estate taxes

89,551

319,838

Insurance

5,091

17,880

Repairs and maintenance

82,694

300,604

Property operating

92,012

329,968

Ground rent

3,081

10,012

General and administrative

33,278

120,237

Total expenses

685,183

2,445,876



Pro forma

Pro forma

for the three months ended

for the year ended

March 31, 2001

December 31, 2000

(Dollars in thousands, except per share data)

Income before allocation to minority interests,
	income from investment in unconsolidated joint ventures, net
	gain on sales of real estate, extraordinary items and cumulative
	effect of a change in accounting principle

193,032

577,169

Minority interests:

EOP Partnership

(26,038

)

(93,686

)

Partially owned properties

(3,253

)

(6,843

)

Income from investment in unconsolidated joint
	ventures

15,426

56,251

Net gain on sales of real estate

20,516

176,064

Net income from continuing operations

199,683

708,955

Put option settlement



(2,576

)

Preferred distributions, net

(18,347

)

(73,202

)

Net income from continuing operations before
	extraordinary items and cumulative effect of a change in
	accounting principle available for common shares

$

181,336

$

633,177

Net income from continuing operations before
	extraordinary items and cumulative effect of a change in
	accounting principle per weighted average common share
	outstanding  basic

$

0.44

$

1.67

Weighted average common shares
	outstanding  basic

408,581,209

378,765,944

Net income from continuing operations before
	extraordinary items and cumulative effect of a change in
	accounting principle per weighted average common share and
	common share equivalent outstanding  diluted

$

0.44

$

1.66

Weighted average common shares and common share
	equivalents outstanding  diluted

470,172,726

437,738,366

Balance Sheet Data (at end of period):

Investment in real estate net of accumulated
	depreciation

$

23,794,833

Total assets

$

26,042,889

Total debt

$

11,909,149

Total liabilities

$

12,931,681

Minority interests

$

1,685,215

Redeemable common shares

$

54,122

Shareholders equity

$

11,371,871



RISK FACTORS

In addition to the risks relating to the businesses of Equity
Office and Spieker, which are incorporated by reference in this
joint proxy statement/prospectus from Equity Offices
Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 23,
2001 and Spiekers Amendment to Form 10-K on
Form 10-K/A for the year ended December 31, 2000 as
filed with the SEC on June 6, 2001 and the other
information included in this document, including the matters
addressed in A Warning About Forward-Looking
Statements on page 26, you should carefully consider
the following material risk factors to the merger in determining
whether or not to vote in favor of the approval of the merger
agreement and the merger.

Spieker common stockholders may receive Equity Office common
shares in the merger with a market value lower than expected

Spieker common stockholders will receive $13.50 in cash and
1.49586 Equity Office common shares in the merger for each share
of Spieker common stock at the time of the closing of the
merger. The market price of Equity Office common shares at the
time of the merger may vary significantly from the price on the
date of execution of the merger agreement or from the price on
either the date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus or the
date of the Equity Office and Spieker special meetings. These
variances may arise due to, among other things:

 

	changes in the business, operations and prospects of Equity
	Office;

 

	market assessments of the likelihood that the merger will be
	completed;

 

	demand for office space in California and other West Coast
	markets or nationwide;

 

	the financial condition of current or prospective tenants; and

 

	interest rates, general market and economic conditions and other
	factors.

Substantially all of these factors are beyond the control of
Equity Office and Spieker. It should be noted that during the
12-month period ending on June 5, 2001, the most recent
date practicable before the mailing of this joint proxy
statement/prospectus, the closing per share price of Equity
Office common shares varied from a low of $26.69 to a high of
$33.19 and ended that period at $29.55. Historical trading
prices are not necessarily indicative of future performance.

The exchange ratio for shares of Spieker common stock to be
exchanged for Equity Office common shares in the merger was
fixed at the time of the signing of the merger agreement and is
not subject to adjustment based on changes in the trading price
of Equity Office common shares or Spieker common stock before
the closing of the merger. Accordingly, the market price of any
Equity Office common shares that Spieker common stockholders
receive in the merger will depend on the market price of Equity
Office common shares at the time of closing of the merger.

Equity Office historically has not owned or operated
industrial properties and the market price of the Equity Office
common shares you receive in the merger may decline if Equity
Office fails to operate successfully the industrial properties
acquired in the merger

In the merger, a subsidiary of Equity Office will acquire
Spiekers portfolio of industrial properties totaling
approximately 12.7 million rentable square feet, including
industrial properties totaling approximately 6.7 million
rentable square feet under contract for sale. The industrial
properties will represent approximately 9% of the combined
portfolio based on square footage and approximately 5% based on
net operating income. Equity Office historically has not owned
or operated industrial properties. If Equity Office fails to
operate successfully these industrial properties, the market
price of Equity Office common shares could decline. In addition,
if Equity Office determines to liquidate these industrial
properties over time, it may not be successful in doing so or
may not do so at attractive prices, which could adversely affect
the market price of Equity Office common shares.



The operations of Equity Office and Spieker may not be
integrated successfully and intended benefits of the merger may
not be realized, which could have a negative impact on the
market price of Equity Office common shares after the merger

The completion of the merger poses risks for the ongoing
operations of Equity Office, including that:

 

	following the merger, Equity Office may not achieve expected
	cost savings and operating efficiencies, such as the elimination
	of redundant administrative costs and property management costs;

 

	the diversion of management attention to the integration of the
	operations of Spieker could have an adverse effect on the
	revenues, expenses and operating results of Equity Office;

 

	the Spieker portfolio may not perform as well as Equity Office
	anticipates due to various factors, including changes in
	macro-economic conditions and the demand for office space in
	California and other West Coast markets in which Spieker has a
	substantial presence;

 

	Equity Office may experience difficulties and incur expenses
	related to the assimilation and retention of Spieker
	non-executive employees; and

 

	Equity Office may not effectively integrate Spiekers
	operations.

If Equity Office fails to integrate successfully Spieker and/or
to realize the intended benefits of the merger, the market price
of Equity Office common shares could decline from their market
price at the time of completion of the merger.

The directors and executive officers of Spieker have
interests in the completion of the merger and the partnership
merger that may conflict with the interests of Spiekers
stockholders

In considering the recommendation of the Spieker board with
respect to the merger agreement and the merger, Spieker
stockholders should be aware that some Spieker directors and
executive officers have interests in, and will receive benefits
from, the merger and the partnership merger that differ from, or
are in addition to, and, therefore, may conflict with the
interests of Spieker stockholders generally, including the
following:

 

	Three current directors or executive officers of Spieker,
	Messrs. Spieker, Foster and Vought, will become trustees of
	Equity Office;

 

	Equity Office and EOP Partnership will provide exculpation and
	indemnification for directors and officers of Spieker and
	Spieker Partnership, including for actions taken in connection
	with the merger, which is the same as the exculpation and
	indemnification provided by Spieker and Spieker Partnership as
	on the date of the merger agreement;

 

	Equity Office and EOP Partnership will indemnify and hold
	harmless former directors and officers of Spieker and Spieker
	Partnership after the merger to the fullest extent permitted by
	law;

 

	Equity Office has agreed to provide directors and
	officers insurance for the benefit of those individuals
	currently covered by Spiekers insurance for a period of
	six years after the merger;

 

	Unvested options to purchase an aggregate of 1,075,247 shares of
	Spieker common stock at an average exercise price of
	$38.33 per share previously awarded to 17 Spieker
	directors and executive officers will vest in connection with
	the merger pursuant to the plans under which they were issued
	and in any event no later than the day before the merger closes.
	These 17 Spieker directors and executive officers also currently
	hold vested options to purchase an aggregate of an additional
	2,577,505 shares of Spieker common stock at an average
	exercise price of $30.48. All Spieker stock options will be
	converted in the merger into options to purchase Equity Office
	common shares under the terms of the merger agreement. Under the
	merger agreement, holders of Spieker stock options will be
	entitled to tender their options to EOP Partnership for a cash
	payment equal to the excess, if any, of $58.50 per Spieker share
	option over the exercise price of the Spieker options multiplied
	by the number of their Spieker options converted in the merger,
	which acquisition and payment will be made within three business
	days of the closing of the merger. Options to purchase



	Equity Office common shares that are not tendered to EOP
	Partnership as described above would remain outstanding as
	options to purchase Equity Office common shares. Under
	agreements entered into with Equity Office, eleven Spieker
	directors and executive officers holding vested options to
	purchase an aggregate of 2,471,505 shares of Spieker common
	stock at an average exercise price of $30.27, and unvested
	options to purchase an additional 946,247 shares of Spieker
	common stock at an average exercise price of $38.00 that will
	vest in the merger, have agreed to tender their options to EOP
	Partnership. The aggregate value of these vested and unvested
	options, calculated using the average exercise prices of the
	options and the $58.50 cash option tender price, is
	approximately $89.2 million. The remaining six Spieker
	directors and executive officers who have not indicated whether
	or not they intend to tender their options hold vested options
	to purchase an aggregate of 106,000 shares of Spieker common
	stock at an average exercise price of $35.57, and unvested
	options to purchase an additional 129,000 shares of Spieker
	common stock at an average exercise price of $40.74 that will
	vest in the merger. At the $58.50 cash tender offer price, these
	vested and unvested options have an aggregate value of
	approximately $4.7 million.

 

	205,182 unvested shares of Spieker restricted stock previously
	awarded to Spieker directors and executive officers will vest on
	the day immediately before the date on which the Spieker common
	stockholders approve the merger. Using a $57.70 pro forma
	equivalent value for Spieker common stock, the aggregate value
	of the unvested Spieker restricted stock previously awarded to
	Spieker directors and executive officers is approximately
	$11.8  million;

 

	Under the Spieker special severance policy, the thirteen
	executive officers of Spieker will be entitled to receive
	estimated cash payments ranging from approximately
	$1.1 million to $5.0 million as a base amount, or
	approximately $33.9 million in the aggregate. If the tax
	reimbursements described under The Merger 
	Conflicts of Interest of Spieker Directors and Executive
	Officers in the Merger and the Partnership Merger 
	Special Severance Policy beginning on page 60 were
	payable, the tax reimbursement amounts could range from $0 to
	$3.4 million per individual, or approximately
	$19.9 million in the aggregate. The calculation of the
	estimated cash payments under the special severance policy
	assumes that Equity Offices obligations under the policy
	are triggered immediately upon the closing of the merger and
	that the merger will close on July 9, 2001. The amounts
	shown include estimated 2001 bonuses through the closing date.
	Neither Spieker nor Equity Office has yet determined that any
	tax reimbursement payments would be required;

 

	Under the Spieker special severance policy the executive officer
	and his or her eligible dependents will continue to be eligible
	to participate in the medical, dental, disability and life
	insurance plans and arrangements applicable to him or her
	immediately before his or her termination of employment, on
	substantially the same terms and conditions in effect
	immediately before the termination. If such participation is
	prohibited, equivalent coverage will be purchased for the
	executive officer and his or her eligible dependents with no
	greater after-tax cost to the executive officer than he or she
	paid for coverage prior to being terminated;

 

	Under the merger agreement, EOP Partnership has agreed, for the
	benefit of 17 named unitholders, not to sell, exchange or
	otherwise dispose of, except in tax-free or tax-deferred
	transactions, specified office properties comprising
	approximately 6.5 million square feet, or approximately
	26.5% of Spieker Partnerships office portfolio on a square
	footage basis, and specified industrial properties comprising
	approximately 5.6 million square feet, or approximately
	43.7% of Spieker Partnerships industrial portfolio on a
	square footage basis. These office and industrial properties
	comprise approximately 12.1 million square feet, or
	approximately 32.3% of Spieker Partnerships total
	portfolio on a square footage basis;

 

	According to its terms, a $400,000 loan made in April 2000
	by Spieker to Mr.  Rothstein, together with accrued
	interest, will be forgiven upon completion of the merger. The
	loan was extended to Mr. Rothstein for the purchase of a
	personal residence and has an outstanding principal balance of
	$360,000;



 

	A subsidiary of Equity Office will purchase 100% of the voting
	and 5% of the non-voting capital stock of Spieker Northwest,
	Inc., a noncontrolled third-party service subsidiary of Spieker,
	for an aggregate of $202,500 in cash from the holders of that
	stock, who include Messrs. Spieker, French and Singleton
	and one other individual, each of whom owns 25% of the voting
	capital stock of Spieker Northwest, Inc. and 1.25% of the
	non-voting; and

 

	Spieker has entered into restricted stock agreements with its
	executive officers, among others, under which those executive
	officers have been awarded shares of common stock of BroadBand
	Office, Inc. In connection with the merger, the restrictions
	with respect to those shares will lapse. BroadBand Office, Inc.
	filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection under the U.S.
	Bankruptcy Code on May 9, 2001. Therefore, such awards are
	not expected to have any value.

EOP Partnership will need to replace, at or before maturity,
a $1.0 billion bridge facility to be used to finance a
portion of the cash merger costs

EOP Partnership has received $1.0 billion of executed
commitments from various lenders for an unsecured
$1.0 billion bridge facility expected to be entered into by
EOP Partnership by the closing of the merger. The bridge
facility is expected to be used to fund $1.0 billion of the
$1.187 billion of cash merger costs. The balance of the
cash merger costs is expected to be funded under EOP
Partnerships existing line of credit. The commitments
provide for a bridge facility having a term of 364 days
from the funding of the bridge facility, and an interest rate of
LIBOR plus 80 basis points, subject to EOP Partnerships
credit rating. Equity Office will guarantee any outstanding
obligation under the bridge facility. EOP Partnership and Equity
Office have agreed, jointly and severally, to pay a commitment
fee of 20 basis points, or $2.0 million, if the bridge facility
is not refinanced within 120 days from the date of funding. EOP
Partnership expects to replace the bridge facility with
longer-term financing within 120 days of the funding of the
bridge facility. However, it also anticipates incurring
increased interest costs on the replacement indebtedness due to
higher interest costs of longer-term debt. The interest rate on
the replacement indebtedness will depend on prevailing market
conditions at the time. Each  1/8
th
 of 1%
increase in the annual interest rate on the replacement
indebtedness as compared to the interest rate on the bridge
facility will increase Equity Offices annual consolidated
interest expense by approximately $1.5 million.

Equity Office and Spieker may incur substantial expenses and
payments if the merger does not occur

It is possible that the merger may not be completed. If the
merger is not completed, Equity Office and Spieker will have
incurred substantial expenses. In addition, Spieker and Spieker
Partnership may incur a termination fee of up to
$160 million if the merger agreement is terminated under
specified circumstances. Further, the parties also may become
obligated to reimburse up to $7.5 million of the other
parties expenses if the merger agreement is terminated for
certain reasons. The amount of any termination fee paid by
Spieker and Spieker Partnership would be reduced by any expense
reimbursement paid by them.

The $160 million termination fee payable by Spieker and
Spieker Partnership may discourage some third party proposals to
acquire Spieker that Spieker stockholders may otherwise find
desirable

The $160 million termination fee payable by Spieker and Spieker
Partnership if the merger agreement is terminated under
specified circumstances represents approximately 2.5% of the
approximate $6.5 billion debt and equity market capitalization
of Spieker at the time the merger agreement was entered into.
This $160 million termination fee may discourage some third
party proposals to acquire Spieker in the 12 months
following termination of the merger agreement that Spieker
stockholders may otherwise find desirable to the extent that a
potential acquiror would not be willing to assume the $160
million termination fee.

The merger agreement does not require that the financial
advisors fairness opinions be updated as a condition to
closing the merger

The merger agreement does not require that the financial
advisors fairness opinions be updated as a condition to
closing the merger and neither Equity Office nor Spieker
currently intends to request that those opinions be updated. As
such, the fairness opinions do not reflect any changes in the
relative values of Equity Office or Spieker subsequent to the
date of the merger agreement. The market price of the Equity
Office common shares and Spieker common stock at the completion
of the merger may vary



significantly from the market price as of the date of the merger
agreement, which is the same date as the fairness opinions of
the financial advisors.

Further declines in overall economic activity in Equity
Offices and Spiekers markets could adversely affect
Equity Offices operating results after the merger

As a result of the current slowdown in economic activity, there
has been an increase in vacancy rates for office properties in
substantially all major markets in which Equity Office and
Spieker own properties. In particular, the San Francisco, San
Jose, Seattle, Oakland, Washington, D.C., Denver and Boston
metropolitan statistical areas, in which approximately 42% of
the combined entitys properties based on square footage
will be located, experienced an increase in vacancy rates
between December 31, 2000 and March 31, 2001 ranging
from 2% in Boston to 3.5% in San Francisco based on published
industry data. At March 31, 2001, vacancy rates in these
markets ranged from 4.6% in San Jose to 11.2% in Denver. During
the same period, there also was an increase in sublease space in
most of the other major markets in which Equity Office or
Spieker have office properties, ranging up to an estimated high
of 3.3% of all leasable office space in Chicago, 3.1% in Dallas
and Seattle and 3.0% in San Francisco. While market conditions
within a particular metropolitan statistical area may vary
within various submarkets and property classes, Equity Office
and Spieker believe the foregoing data are illustrative of
current market trends. Reflective of current economic
conditions, during the three months ended March 31, 2001,
both Equity Office and Spieker experienced a reduction in the
number of broker inquiries and tours at many of their properties
suggesting a reduced tenant demand for space. Although a
reduction in tenant demand ultimately may result in decreased
market rents, Equity Office and Spieker believe that it is too
soon to draw any conclusions about where market rents ultimately
will stabilize. Increases in overall vacancy rates and sublease
space and/or declines in market rents could adversely affect
Equity Offices occupancy rates subsequent to the merger,
the rents it can charge on expiring leases as well as its
revenues and operating results in subsequent periods.

A WARNING ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

Equity Office and Spieker have each made forward-looking
statements in this document, and in documents that are
incorporated by reference in this document, that are subject to
risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements include
information concerning possible or assumed future results of
operations of Equity Office and Spieker. Also, statements
including words such as believes,
expects, anticipates,
intends, plans, estimates,
or similar expressions are forward-looking statements. Many
factors, some of which are discussed elsewhere in this document
and in the documents incorporated by reference in this document,
could affect the future financial results of Equity Office and
could cause actual results to differ materially from those
expressed in forward-looking statements contained or
incorporated by reference in this document. Important factors
that could cause actual results to differ materially from
current expectations reflected in these forward-looking
statements include, among others, the factors discussed under
the caption Risk Factors beginning on page 22
and the filings made by Equity Office and Spieker with the SEC
that are identified on pages 124 and 125 and incorporated
in this document.

Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance.
They involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. The future
results and shareholder values of Equity Office following
completion of the merger may differ materially from those
expressed in these forward-looking statements. Many of the
factors that will determine these results and values are beyond
the ability of Equity Office and Spieker to control or predict.
For these forward-looking statements, Equity Office and Spieker
claim the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking
statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform
Act of 1995.



THE EQUITY OFFICE SPECIAL MEETING

Date, Time, Place and Purpose of the Equity Office Special
Meeting

The special meeting of the Equity Office common shareholders is
scheduled to be held on Monday, July 9, 2001 at
10:00 a.m., Central Time, at One North Franklin
Street, Third Floor, Chicago, Illinois. It may be adjourned or
postponed to another date and/or place for proper purposes. The
purpose of the meeting is to consider and vote upon (1) a
proposal to approve the merger agreement and the merger of
Spieker with and into Equity Office and (2) a proposal to
amend the Equity Office declaration of trust as discussed below.
The Equity Office common shareholders also might be asked to
vote upon a proposal to adjourn the Equity Office special
meeting for the purpose, among others, of allowing additional
time for the solicitation of additional votes to approve the
merger agreement and the merger.

At the meeting, in addition to the vote on the merger agreement
and the merger, Equity Office common shareholders will be asked
to vote upon a proposal to amend the Equity Office declaration
of trust as part of the merger to increase the maximum number of
trustees from 15 to 16 and to authorize the board of trustees to
exempt one or more series of preferred shares issued in
connection with a business combination from all or any portion
of the ownership limitations and restrictions on transfer set
forth in Article VII of the Equity Office declaration of trust.
The proposal to approve the merger agreement and the merger and
the proposal to approve the amendments to the Equity Office
declaration of trust are conditioned upon one another.

Who Can Vote

You are entitled to vote your Equity Office common shares if our
shareholder records showed that you held your Equity Office
common shares as of the close of business on May 21, 2001.
At the close of business on that date, a total of 309,815,068
Equity Office common shares were outstanding and entitled to
vote. Each Equity Office common share has one vote. The enclosed
proxy card shows the number of Equity Office common shares that
you are entitled to vote. Your individual vote is confidential
and will not be disclosed to third parties.

Voting by Proxy Holders

If you hold your Equity Office common shares in your name as a
holder of record, you may instruct the proxy holders how to vote
your Equity Office common shares by using the toll-free
telephone number, the Internet website listed on the proxy card
or by signing, dating and mailing the proxy card in the
postage-paid envelope that we have provided to you. Whichever of
these methods you select to transmit your instructions, the
proxy holders will vote your Equity Office common shares as
provided by those instructions. If you give us a signed proxy
without giving specific voting instructions, your Equity Office
common shares will be voted by the proxy holders in favor of the
merger agreement and the merger and in favor of the amendments
to the Equity Office declaration of trust. 
If your Equity
Office common shares are held by a broker, bank or other
nominee, you will receive instructions from your nominee which
you must follow to have your common shares voted.

Vote by Telephone

You can vote your Equity Office common shares by telephone by
dialing the toll-free telephone number, at no cost to you,
printed on your proxy card. Telephone voting is available 24
hours a day until 3:00 p.m. Eastern Time, on Friday,
July 6, 2001. Easy-to-follow voice prompts allow you to
vote your Equity Office common shares and confirm that your
instructions have been properly recorded. Our telephone voting
procedures are designed to authenticate shareholders by using
individual control numbers. 
If you vote by telephone, you do
not need to return your proxy card
. If you are located
outside the U.S. and Canada, you should use the collect calling
option printed on your proxy card.



Vote by Internet

You can also choose to vote through the Internet. The website
for Internet voting is printed on your proxy card. Internet
voting is available 24 hours a day until 3:00 p.m.
Eastern Time, on Friday, July 6, 2001. As with telephone
voting, you will be given the opportunity to confirm that your
instructions have been properly recorded. 
If you vote through
the Internet, you do not need to return your proxy card
.

Vote by Mail

If you choose to vote by mail, simply mark your proxy card, sign
and date it, and return it to EquiServe LP in the postage-paid
envelope provided.

Required Vote

Approval of the merger agreement and the merger, as well as the
amendments to the Equity Office declaration of trust, requires
the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of
the Equity Office common shares entitled to vote at the Equity
Office special meeting and outstanding on the record date,
May 21, 2001. The vote of the holders of Equity
Offices preferred shares is not required for approval of
the merger agreement, the merger or the amendments to the Equity
Office declaration of trust. As of the record date for the
Equity Office special meeting, trustees, executive officers and
their affiliates beneficially owned, excluding share options and
EOP Partnership units held by them, 4,170,306 Equity Office
common shares representing 1.35% of the outstanding Equity
Office common shares entitled to vote at the Equity Office
special meeting.

Voting on Other Matters

We are not now aware of any matters to be presented at the
Equity Office special meeting except for those described in this
joint proxy statement/prospectus. If any other matters not
described in this joint proxy statement/prospectus are properly
presented at the meeting, the proxy holders will use their own
judgment to determine how to vote your Equity Office common
shares. If the meeting is adjourned or postponed, your Equity
Office common shares may be voted by the proxy holders on the
new meeting date as well, unless you have revoked your proxy
instructions before that date.

How You May Revoke Your Proxy Instructions

To revoke your proxy instructions, you must (1) so advise
Equity Offices Secretary, Stanley M. Stevens, c/o
Equity Office Properties Trust, Two North Riverside Plaza,
Suite 2100, Chicago, Illinois 60606, in writing or by
facsimile before your Equity Office common shares have been
voted by the proxy holders at the meeting, (2) re-vote your
shares on the Internet, (3) deliver to Equity Offices
Secretary before the date of the meeting your revised proxy
instructions, or (4) attend the meeting and vote your
Equity Office common shares in person.

How Votes Are Counted

A quorum of shares entitled to vote must be present in person or
by proxy at the special meeting in order to hold the vote on the
proposal to approve the merger agreement and the merger and the
amendments to the Equity Office declaration of trust. A majority
of the outstanding Equity Office common shares entitled to vote
constitutes a quorum. If you have returned valid proxy
instructions or attend the meeting in person, your Equity Office
common shares will be counted for the purpose of determining
whether there is a quorum, even if you wish to abstain from
voting on some or all matters introduced at the meeting. If you
hold your Equity Office common shares through a broker, bank or
other nominee, the nominee may only vote the Equity Office
common shares which it holds for you as provided by your
instructions. If it has not received your instructions by the
10th day before the meeting, the nominee may not vote on the
merger agreement, the merger or the amendments to the Equity
Office declaration of trust, which would result in a
broker non-vote on the merger agreement and the
merger as well as on the amendments to the Equity Office
declaration of trust. Abstentions and broker non-votes will



have the same effect as a vote against the proposals to approve
the merger agreement, the merger and the amendments to the
Equity Office declaration of trust.

Cost of this Proxy Solicitation

Equity Office will pay the cost of its proxy solicitation. In
addition to soliciting proxies by mail, we have engaged
MacKenzie Partners, Inc., a proxy solicitation firm, to assist
in obtaining proxies from our common shareholders on a timely
basis. We will pay MacKenzie Partners, Inc.s reasonable
out of pocket expenses plus a $7,500 fee for these services. We
will, upon request, reimburse brokers, banks and other nominees
for their reasonable expenses in sending proxy material to their
principals and obtaining their proxies.

We also expect that several of our employees will solicit Equity
Office common shareholders personally and by telephone. None of
these employees will receive any additional or special
compensation for doing this.

Attending the Equity Office Special Meeting

If you are a holder of record of Equity Office common shares and
you plan to attend the Equity Office special meeting, please
indicate this when you vote. If you are a beneficial owner of
Equity Office common shares held by a bank or broker, you will
need proof of ownership to be admitted to the meeting. A recent
brokerage statement or letter from a bank or broker are examples
of proof of ownership. If you want to vote in person your Equity
Office common shares held in street name, you will have to get a
proxy in your name from the registered holder.

List of Equity Office Common Shareholders

A list of Equity Office common shareholders entitled to vote at
the Equity Office special meeting will be available at the
Equity Office special meeting and for ten days before the
meeting between the hours of 8:45 a.m. and 4:30 p.m.,
Central Time, at our corporate offices located at Two North
Riverside Plaza, Suite 2100, Chicago, Illinois 60606. You
may arrange to review this list by contacting Stanley M.
Stevens, the Secretary of Equity Office.



THE SPIEKER SPECIAL MEETING

Date, Time, Place and Purpose of the Spieker Special
Meeting

The special meeting of the Spieker common stockholders is
scheduled to be held on Monday, July 9, 2001 at
8:00 a.m., Pacific Time, at Quadrus Conference Center, Room
QCC, 2400 Sand Hill Road, Menlo Park, California. It may be
adjourned or postponed to another date and/or place for proper
purposes. The purpose of the meeting is to consider and vote
upon a proposal to approve the merger agreement and the merger
of Spieker with and into Equity Office. The Spieker common
stockholders also might be asked to vote upon a proposal to
adjourn the Spieker special meeting for the purpose, among
others, of allowing additional time for the solicitation of
additional votes to approve the merger agreement and the merger.

Who Can Vote

You are entitled to vote your Spieker common stock if our
stockholder records showed that you held your Spieker common
stock as of the close of business on May 21, 2001. At the
close of business on that date, a total of
67,395,001 shares of Spieker common stock were outstanding
and entitled to vote. Each share of Spieker common stock has one
vote. The enclosed proxy card shows the number of shares of
Spieker common stock that you are entitled to vote. Your
individual vote is confidential and will not be disclosed to
third parties.

Voting by Proxy Holders

If you hold your Spieker common stock in your name as a holder
of record, you may instruct the proxy holders how to vote your
Spieker common stock by using the toll-free telephone number or
by signing, dating and mailing the proxy card in the
postage-paid envelope that we have provided to you. The proxy
holders will vote your Spieker common stock as provided by those
instructions. If you give us a signed proxy without giving
specific voting instructions, your Spieker common stock will be
voted by the proxy holders in favor of the proposal to approve
the merger agreement and the merger. 
If your shares of
Spieker common stock are held by a broker, bank or other
nominee, you will receive instructions from your nominee which
you must follow to have your common stock voted
.

Vote by Telephone

You can vote your shares of Spieker common stock by telephone by
dialing the toll-free telephone number, at no cost to you,
printed on your proxy card. Telephone voting is available
24 hours a day until 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time, on
Friday, July 6, 2001. Easy-to-follow voice prompts allow
you to vote your shares of Spieker common stock and confirm that
your instructions have been properly recorded. Our telephone
voting procedures are designed to authenticate stockholders by
using individual control numbers. 
If you vote by telephone,
you do not need to return your proxy card
. If you are
located outside the U.S. and Canada, you should use the collect
calling option printed on your proxy card.

Vote by Mail

If you choose to vote by mail, simply mark your proxy card, sign
and date it, and return it in the postage-paid envelope provided.

Required Vote

Approval of the merger agreement and the merger requires the
affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the
shares of Spieker common stock entitled to vote at the Spieker
special meeting and outstanding on the record date, May 21,
2001. The vote of the holders of Spieker preferred stock is not
required for approval of the merger agreement and the merger.
Less than 1% of the shares of Spieker common stock entitled to
vote at the Spieker special meeting were held by Spieker
directors, executive officers and their affiliates as of the
record date.



Voting Agreements

Eleven Spieker directors and executive officers holding 494,805
shares of Spieker common stock, or approximately 0.73% of the
outstanding shares of Spieker common stock as of the record
date, have entered into voting agreements agreeing to vote these
shares in favor of the merger agreement and the merger at the
Spieker special meeting.

Voting on Other Matters

We are not now aware of any matters to be presented at the
special meeting except for those described in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus. If any other matters not described in this
joint proxy statement/prospectus are properly presented at the
meeting, the proxy holders will use their own judgment to
determine how to vote your Spieker common stock. If the meeting
is adjourned or postponed, your Spieker common stock may be
voted by the proxy holders on the new meeting date as well,
unless you have revoked your proxy instructions before that date.

How You May Revoke Your Proxy Instructions

To revoke your proxy instructions, you must (1) so advise
Spiekers Secretary, Sara R. Steppe, c/o Spieker
Properties, Inc., 2180 Sand Hill Road, Suite 200,
Menlo Park, California 94025, in writing or by facsimile
before your Spieker common stock has been voted by the proxy
holders at the meeting, (2) deliver to Spiekers
Secretary before the date of the meeting your revised proxy
instructions, or (3) attend the meeting and vote your
Spieker common stock in person.

How Votes Are Counted

A quorum of shares of Spieker common stock entitled to vote must
be present in person or by proxy at the Spieker special meeting
in order for Spieker to hold a vote on the proposal to approve
the merger agreement and the merger. A majority of the
outstanding shares of Spieker common stock entitled to vote
constitutes a quorum. If you have returned valid proxy
instructions or attend the meeting in person, your Spieker
common stock will be counted for the purpose of determining
whether there is a quorum, even if you wish to abstain from
voting on some or all matters introduced at the meeting. If you
hold your Spieker common stock through a broker, bank or other
nominee, the nominee may only vote the shares of Spieker common
stock which it holds for you as provided by your instructions.
If it has not received your instructions by the 10th day before
the meeting, the nominee may not vote on the merger agreement
and the merger, which would result in a broker
non-vote on the merger agreement and the merger.
Abstentions and broker non-votes will have the same effect as a
vote against the proposal to approve the merger agreement and
the merger.

Cost of this Proxy Solicitation

Spieker will pay the cost of its proxy solicitation. In addition
to soliciting proxies by mail, we have engaged MacKenzie
Partners, Inc., a proxy solicitation firm, to assist in
obtaining proxies from our common stockholders on a timely
basis. We will pay MacKenzie Partners, Inc.s reasonable
out of pocket expenses plus a $7,500 fee for these services. We
will, upon request, reimburse brokers, banks and other nominees
for their reasonable expenses in sending proxy material to their
principals and obtaining their proxies.

We also expect that several of our employees will solicit
Spieker common stockholders personally and by telephone. None of
these employees will receive any additional or special
compensation for doing this.

Attending the Spieker Special Meeting

If you are a holder of record of shares of Spieker common stock
and you plan to attend the Spieker special meeting, please
indicate this when you vote. If you are a beneficial owner of
shares of Spieker common stock held by a bank or broker, you
will need proof of ownership to be admitted to the meeting.



A recent brokerage statement or letter from a bank or broker are
examples of proof of ownership. If you want to vote in person
your Spieker common stock held in street name, you will have to
get a proxy in your name from the registered holder.

List of Spieker Common Stockholders

A list of Spieker common stockholders entitled to vote at the
Spieker special meeting will be available at the Spieker special
meeting and for ten days before the meeting between the hours of
8:45 a.m. and 4:30 p.m., Pacific Time, at our
corporate offices located at Spieker Properties, Inc.,
2180 Sand Hill Road, Suite 200, Menlo Park,
California 94025. You may arrange to view this list by
contacting Sara R. Steppe, the Secretary of Spieker.



THE MERGER

Structure of the Mergers

The merger agreement contemplates the following two-step
transaction:

 

	the partnership merger, in which Spieker Partnership will merge
	with and into EOP Partnership, and Spieker Partnership will
	cease to exist, followed by

 

	the merger, in which Spieker will merge with and into Equity
	Office and Spieker will cease to exist.

The merger will be completed as soon as practicable following
the partnership merger. Completion of the merger is conditioned
upon completion of the partnership merger.

Merger Consideration

In the partnership merger:

 

	holders of partnership units (other than preferred units) in
	Spieker Partnership, including Spieker, will receive, for each
	Spieker Partnership unit (other than preferred units)
	outstanding immediately before the partnership merger, 1.94462
	class A common units of limited partnership interest in EOP
	Partnership;

 

	the series B preferred interest in Spieker Partnership held
	by Spieker will be exchanged for 4,250,000 series E
	preferred units of limited partnership interest in EOP
	Partnership;

 

	the series C preferred interest in Spieker Partnership held
	by Spieker will be exchanged for 6,000,000 series F
	preferred units of limited partnership interest in EOP
	Partnership; and

 

	the series E preferred interest in Spieker Partnership held
	by Spieker will be exchanged for 4,000,000 series H
	preferred units of limited partnership interest in EOP
	Partnership.

In the merger:

 

	holders of Spieker common stock will receive, for each share of
	Spieker common stock issued and outstanding immediately before
	the merger, $13.50 in cash and 1.49586 Equity Office common
	shares;

 

	holders of Spieker series B preferred stock will receive,
	for each share of Spieker series B preferred stock issued
	and outstanding immediately before the merger, one Equity Office
	series E preferred share;

 

	holders of Spieker series C preferred stock will receive,
	for each share of Spieker series C preferred stock issued
	and outstanding immediately before the merger, one Equity Office
	series F preferred share; and

 

	holders of Spieker series E preferred stock will receive,
	for each share of Spieker series E preferred stock issued
	and outstanding immediately before the merger, one Equity Office
	series H preferred share.

The Equity Office series E, F and H preferred shares
issued in the merger will have preferences, conversion and other
rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to
dividends, qualifications and terms or conditions of redemption
identical to those of the shares of the corresponding series of
Spieker preferred stock.

Holders of Spieker common stock will not receive certificates or
scrip representing fractional Equity Office common shares.
Instead, each holder of Spieker common stock otherwise entitled
to a fractional



share interest in Equity Office will be paid an amount in cash,
without interest, rounded to the nearest cent, determined by
multiplying:

 

	the average closing price of an Equity Office common share on
	the NYSE on the five trading days immediately preceding the
	closing date of the merger by

 

	the fraction of an Equity Office common share which such holder
	of Spieker common stock would otherwise be entitled to receive.

The merger will be completed as soon as practicable following
the partnership merger. Upon conversion of the outstanding
shares of Spieker common stock and preferred stock into the
merger consideration, the Spieker common stock and preferred
stock will be cancelled and retired and will cease to exist.

Background of the Merger

In pursuing their strategies for enhancing shareholder value,
each of Equity Office and Spieker regularly consider
opportunities for acquisitions, joint ventures and other
significant transactions.

Over the last five years, representatives of Spieker management
have investigated and evaluated a number of strategic
opportunities for the purpose of enhancing value for Spieker
stockholders. The strategic opportunities considered have
included mergers with other entities, acquisitions of other
entities and businesses, divestiture of substantial portions of
Spiekers assets and joint venture opportunities. Among
other activities, Messrs. Spieker, Foster and Vought
evaluated numerous acquisition and merger opportunities in
different markets throughout the United States and reported on
these opportunities to the Spieker board of directors as
appropriate.

This analysis of strategic opportunities continued during 1999
and early 2000. In early 1999, the chief executive officer of
another entity, referred to in this description as
company B, contacted Spieker concerning a
possible transaction between Spieker and company B
culminating in a meeting between Mr. Spieker and the chief
executive officer of company B on April 6, 1999. Like
Spieker, company B was an office property REIT of
comparable size with Spieker. At that time, Spieker and
company B concluded that a strategic combination of their
two companies was not in the best interests of their respective
stockholders. Spieker and company B reached this conclusion
based upon, among other factors, different expectations
concerning the future growth of the businesses of both companies
and the fact that the relative valuations for the two companies
at the time did not support a business combination along the
lines that the parties had discussed.

At the regularly scheduled meeting of the Spieker board of
directors on December 8, 1999, the Spieker board of
directors again considered Spiekers strategic alternatives
to enhance stockholder value. Among other things, the board of
directors discussed and considered the general status of the
economy and of Spiekers markets and other markets in
general, the REIT industry and Spiekers stock price
performance. The Spieker board of directors also received a
report of Spieker management concerning stock repurchase
programs and REIT leveraged buyout transactions.

On March 8, 2000, at a regularly scheduled meeting of the
board of directors, the Spieker board of directors discussed
with Spieker management the three-year target plan for Spieker
and different strategic alternatives available to Spieker to
enhance stockholder value. Among other things, the board of
directors reviewed Spiekers recent growth and its
prospects for future growth and the risk to Spiekers
ability to maintain above-industry average growth rates as a
result of (1) moderating of growth in market rents in
Spiekers existing markets and (2) a lack of
geographic diversification with respect to Spiekers
portfolio. In addition, Mr. Vought and Mr. Foster led
a discussion of the Spieker board of directors and
representatives of Spieker management concerning the possibility
of a merger of Spieker with another entity, the sale of Spieker
to another entity, the sale of specific assets of Spieker,
geographic diversification of Spieker and its properties through
acquisitions of other entities or entering into different but
related lines of business. The Spieker board of directors
directed management of Spieker to continue to evaluate strategic
alternatives with the goal of maximizing stockholder value and
returns.



At the June 7, 2000 and September 6, 2000 regularly
scheduled meetings of the Spieker board of directors,
discussions with representatives of Spieker management
concerning Spiekers strategic alternatives continued. At
each meeting, the board of directors again considered the
possibility of merging with other entities, divesting portions
of Spiekers assets to refocus attention on particular
markets and assets and entering into different but related lines
of business. The board also discussed the difficulties Spieker
might face in meeting its long-term growth targets on its own
given the projected size of Spieker and the markets in which
Spieker conducts its operations.

In August 2000, Spieker entered into an agreement with
another company, referred to in this description as
company C. Like Spieker, company C was an
office property REIT, although smaller than Spieker. Pursuant to
the agreement, Spieker and company C agreed to exchange
confidential information for the purpose of evaluating a
business transaction between the two companies which would
result in an acquisition by Spieker of company C. Pursuant
to that confidentiality agreement, each party agreed to keep
confidential information provided by the other and to use that
information only for purposes of considering a transaction
between the two companies. In addition, each company agreed that
it would not seek to acquire the voting securities of the other
company or take other related actions for a period of 18 months
from the date of the agreement. After the exchange of
confidential information, Spieker determined not to pursue an
acquisition of company C, primarily because of its view
that the quality of company Cs portfolio would not
fit well with Spiekers existing portfolio.

During much of 2000, representatives of Equity Office and
representatives of Spieker collaborated on a variety of specific
projects, including a technology consortium, and other ancillary
matters. From that collaboration, Mr. Vought and
Timothy H. Callahan, the Chief Executive Officer of Equity
Office, expressed an interest in discussing whether their
respective companies might jointly pursue a range of other
opportunities.

On December 6, 2000, at a regularly scheduled meeting of
the Spieker board of directors, Mr. Spieker led a
discussion of strategic alternatives for Spieker, including
maintaining Spiekers independence, pursuing possible
acquisitions and pursuing possible merger transactions.
Mr. Spieker informed the board that management had
concluded, after reviewing all of the possible strategic
alternatives, that a strategic merger or business combination
could be the best alternative for maximizing stockholder value.
Mr. Spieker indicated that Spieker management had concluded
that two companies were Spiekers most attractive potential
merger candidates, one of which was Equity Office and the other
of which was company B. Mr. Spieker and
Mr. Vought then led a discussion of the board of directors
concerning the relative advantages and disadvantages of a merger
with either of the two candidates. Following further discussion,
the Spieker board of directors concluded that Spieker and its
stockholders would be well served if Spieker management
investigated potential merger opportunities and directed
management to do so and to make further reports to the board.
Following this meeting, Spieker management continued to
investigate the possibility of remaining independent or of
engaging in strategic asset sales, but concluded, with respect
to merger opportunities, that a merger with company B or
Equity Office presented the only viable merger opportunities at
the time with companies of similar asset quality and
characteristics.

Following the December 6, 2000 meeting, Mr. Spieker
contacted the chief executive officer of company B and
discussed the fact that Spieker was in the process of reviewing
its strategic alternatives and inquired whether company B
would be interested in resuming their conversations from
April 1999. The chief executive officer of company B
indicated that company B would be interested in resuming
those conversations and, on December 20, 2000,
Mr. Spieker and the chief executive officer of
company B met in New York where they discussed in more
detail the possibility of a combination of their two companies.
The chief executive officer of company B indicated that
company B would be interested in pursuing the possibility
of a strategic combination with Spieker in which the two
companies would combine their management teams and operations
with neither company being viewed as acquired by or acquiring
the other. In conjunction with the resumed conversations between
Spieker and company B, the chief executive officer of
company B suggested that he and other officers of
company B meet with Mr. Foster and Mr. Vought.



Following the December 6, 2000 meeting, Mr. Vought
contacted Mr. Callahan of Equity Office to suggest that the
two meet to discuss their respective companies and businesses.
On December 21, 2000, Mr. Vought met with
Mr. Callahan in Chicago where they discussed the
possibility of a combination of their two businesses and whether
that would be in the best interests of their respective
shareholders. Mr. Callahan indicated that he was interested
in continuing these conversations and would give Mr. Vought
a further call following Christmas. On December 23, 2000,
Mr. Callahan contacted Mr. Vought to re-affirm that he
was interested in continuing these conversations. On
December 28, 2000, Mr. Callahan told Mr. Vought
that Equity Office was interested in pursuing a business
combination with Spieker and suggested to Mr. Vought that
their two respective companies enter into a confidentiality
agreement so that they could appropriately share more detailed
information with each other. On January 2, 2001, Spieker
and Equity Office entered into a confidentiality agreement.
Pursuant to that confidentiality agreement, each party agreed to
keep confidential information provided by the other and to use
that information only for purposes of considering a transaction
between the two companies. In addition, each company agreed that
it would not seek to acquire the securities of the other company
or take other related actions for a period of 12 months
from the date of the agreement.

On January 5, 2001, David A. Helfand, Executive Vice
President  Business Development of Equity Office,
Richard D. Kincaid, Chief Financial Officer of Equity
Office, and Shobi S. Khan, Vice President 
Business Development Investments of Equity Office, met with
Mr. Vought and Mr. Rothstein in San Francisco where
the representatives of the two parties exchanged information
concerning their respective businesses.

On January 9, 2001, Mr. Callahan contacted
Mr. Vought to update him on the status of Equity
Offices due diligence efforts.

On January 9, 2001, Mr. Vought met with the chief
executive officer of company B to discuss the merits of a
transaction between their two companies and the possible manner
in which a transaction might be effected. On January 10,
2001, Mr. Foster and Mr. Vought met with the chief
executive officer of company B, together with three other
officers of company B, to discuss a possible combination of
their two companies and the various issues associated with a
combination, including the combination of their different
corporate cultures and how the combined company would be
operated. Subsequent to these meetings on January 9 and 10,
2001, Mr. Vought and Mr. Rothstein had several
conversations with the chief executive officer and the chief
financial officer of company B, respectively, concerning
the possibility of a merger of their two companies.

During the remaining weeks of January and the first week of
February, Mr. Callahan and Mr. Vought and
Mr. Foster continued to have various conversations
concerning the combination of their two businesses. On
January 25, 2001, Mr. Foster and Mr. Rothstein
met with Mr. Kincaid, Peter H. Adams, Senior Vice
President  Strategic Planning and Operations of
Equity Office, and Michael A. Steele, Executive Vice
President  Real Estate Operations and Chief Operating
Officer of Equity Office, in San Francisco to exchange
additional information on the structure of their respective
organizations and discussed the management and personnel of
their respective businesses.

On January 26, 2001, Spieker and company B entered
into a confidentiality agreement. Pursuant to that
confidentiality agreement, each party agreed to keep
confidential information provided by the other and to use that
information only for purposes of considering a transaction
between the two companies. In addition, each company agreed that
it would not seek to acquire the voting securities of the other
company or take other related actions for a period of
12 months from the date of the agreement.

On February 7, 2001, Mr. Vought met with
Mr. Callahan, Mr. Kincaid and Mr. Helfand in
Chicago. At that meeting, the representatives of Equity Office
presented a proposal to Mr. Vought concerning a merger of
Spieker with Equity Office in which the holders of common stock
of Spieker would receive merger consideration with a per share
value of $58.00. The representatives of Equity Office explained
that the offer contemplated that each share of Spieker common
stock would be converted in such merger for $9.50 in cash, with
the balance of the per share consideration to be paid in the
form of common shares of Equity Office with the exchange ratio
for the shares to be fixed based on the average trading price of
Equity Office common shares over the ten trading



day period prior to determination of the price. On
February 9, 2001, Mr. Callahan called Mr. Vought
to discuss the proposal by Equity Office to merge with Spieker.

On February 9, 2001, at a special telephonic meeting of the
Spieker board of directors, Mr. Spieker described to the
board the proposal that Equity Office had presented to Spieker
on February 7, 2001. In addition, Spieker management
informed the board that they viewed further discussions with
company B as not likely to result in a proposal that they would
be prepared to recommend to the board and that would be in the
best interests of Spieker and its stockholders. Spieker
management reached this conclusion primarily because
company B had been discussing with Spieker management a
strategic business combination of their two companies in which
no premium would be paid by company B with respect to the
current market price of Spieker common stock and because Spieker
management believed that the two companies had different
corporate cultures that would impede a successful combination of
their two organizations. After further discussion of the Equity
Office proposal and numerous questions by the board of directors
and after receiving the recommendation of Spieker management
that Spieker pursue a transaction with Equity Office, the board
authorized Spieker management to negotiate a strategic
combination of Spieker and Equity Office and to engage
investment bankers and other advisors to help negotiate the
terms of the transaction and to evaluate whether any resulting
transaction would be fair to and in the best interests of the
Spieker stockholders.

Following that special meeting of the Spieker board of
directors, during a series of conversations between
Mr. Vought and Mr. Callahan, negotiations continued
between representatives of Spieker and representatives of Equity
Office concerning, among other things, the value of the
consideration to be received by Spieker stockholders in any
transaction. On February 12, 2001, Mr. Zell called
Mr. Spieker to discuss Equity Offices long-term
strategy and the proposal by Equity Office to merge with
Spieker. Early in the week of February 12, 2001,
Mr. Vought asked Mr. Callahan to present to Spieker
the best and final proposal of Equity Office by Wednesday or
Thursday of that week.

At the regularly scheduled Equity Office board of trustees
meeting held on February 13, 2001, Mr. Zell and
Mr. Callahan updated the board on the discussions with Mr.
Spieker, Mr. Foster, Mr. Vought and other
representatives of Spieker regarding a possible merger of
Spieker with Equity Office. At this meeting, various members of
the board expressed their support for a transaction if it could
be accomplished along the lines described at the meeting.

On February 15, 2001, the Spieker board of directors held a
special telephonic meeting at which Mr. Spieker informed
the board that as a result of further negotiations, Equity
Office had agreed to increase the consideration payable to the
Spieker stockholders to $58.50 per share and to change the
relative mix of cash and stock consideration, with the value of
the stock component of the merger consideration to be based on a
fixed exchange ratio that was based on the average closing price
of Equity Office common shares over the 10 preceding
trading days. After further discussion of the increased
consideration and other matters relating to the merger, the
Spieker board of directors authorized Spieker management to
negotiate a merger agreement with Equity Office on these terms,
subject to Spiekers continuing due diligence with respect
to Equity Office and subject to the boards final review
and approval of a merger agreement and its terms and conditions.

On February 16, 2001, Spieker engaged Goldman Sachs to act
as its financial advisor in connection with the proposed
transaction, and Equity Office engaged Morgan
Stanley & Co. Incorporated to act as its financial
advisor in connection with the proposed transaction. During the
weeks of February 12 and February 19, each of Spieker
and Equity Office and their respective advisors conducted due
diligence with respect to each other. On February 18, 2001,
Hogan & Hartson L.L.P., counsel to Equity Office,
provided to Spieker and its counsel a draft merger agreement. On
February 19, 2001, the parties began to negotiate the terms
and conditions of the merger agreement, including the structure
of the mergers as a two-step transaction involving the merger of
Spieker Partnership with and into EOP Partnership, followed by
the merger of Spieker with and into Equity Office. The two-step
merger structure was designed to comply with the partnership
agreements of EOP Partnership and Spieker Partnership and to
preserve in the combined company the pre-merger UPREIT structure
of both Equity Office and Spieker. An UPREIT is a REIT



that owns substantially all of its assets through an operating
partnership. Beginning on February 20, 2001,
representatives of Spieker and Equity Office, Goldman Sachs,
Morgan Stanley, Sullivan & Cromwell, counsel to Spieker, and
Hogan & Hartson L.L.P. met in New York to continue the
negotiations of the merger agreement and ancillary agreements
including, among other things, voting agreements and the tax
protection arrangements described under
 Conflicts of Interest of Spieker Directors and
Executive Officers in the Merger and the Partnership
Merger beginning on page 58.

On February 22, 2001, the Equity Office board held a
special meeting at which eleven of the thirteen Equity Office
trustees, members of management and representatives of Morgan
Stanley and Hogan & Hartson L.L.P. were present in
person or by conference telephone call. The special meeting was
held in order for the Equity Office board to consider and
formally act upon the proposed merger with Spieker. At this
meeting, Equity Offices senior management reviewed with
the board financial and business terms of the proposed
transaction, including the need for Equity Office to finance the
cash portion of the proposed merger consideration, and the
results of Equity Offices due diligence review. Equity
Offices legal counsel made a presentation to the Equity
Office board in which it explained the material terms of the
proposed merger agreement and related agreements, including
closing conditions, termination rights and provisions regarding
break-up fees and termination expenses, and briefed the board on
open items. Morgan Stanley then presented its financial analysis
of the proposed merger, and delivered to the Equity Office board
its oral opinion that, as of the date of that opinion, the
consideration to be paid by Equity Office under the merger
agreement was fair, from a financial point of view, to Equity
Office.

Following these presentations, the Equity Office trustees
present at the meeting asked numerous questions of management
and its legal counsel and financial advisors and discussed at
length the issues raised by the presentations. After discussion
by the Equity Office board of trustees concerning, among other
things, the matters described below under
 Equity Offices Reasons for the Merger;
Recommendation of the Equity Office Board, the Equity
Office board approved the merger agreement, the merger and the
partnership merger on substantially the terms discussed at the
meeting. The Equity Office board also authorized management to
complete negotiations of, and execute, the merger agreement,
subject to final approval of the transaction terms by a special
committee of the board, comprised of Mr. Callahan, and
receipt of Morgan Stanleys written fairness opinion.

On February 22, 2001, at a special meeting of the Spieker
board of directors at which all Spieker directors but one were
present in person or by conference telephone call, Spieker
management reviewed with the directors the terms and conditions
of the proposed merger agreement with Equity Office, and noted
that the Equity Office board of trustees had approved the
proposed merger with Spieker in which holders of Spieker common
stock would receive $58.50 per share, including $13.50 of cash,
representing a $.50 overall increase in the value of the
consideration and an overall increase in the cash component from
$9.50 to $13.50. A representative of Sullivan & Cromwell
then reviewed with the directors the terms of the merger
agreement and answered questions from the directors regarding
those terms. A representative of Goldman Sachs presented the
Spieker board of directors with Goldman Sachs financial
analyses concerning the proposed transaction. Goldman Sachs then
orally delivered its opinion to the Spieker board of directors
that, as of February 22, 2001 and based upon and subject to
the matters set forth in its opinion, the consideration to be
received by holders of Spieker common stock pursuant to the
merger agreement was fair, from a financial point of view, to
those holders. In addition Spieker notified company B on
February 22, 2001 that Spieker was no longer considering a
combination with company B.

The Spieker board of directors then engaged in a lengthy
discussion of the proposed merger and asked numerous questions
of management and representatives of Goldman Sachs and Sullivan
& Cromwell. After further discussion by the Spieker board of
directors concerning, among other things, the fairness opinion
of Goldman Sachs, the business and operations of Equity Office
and the matters described below under
 Spiekers Reasons for the Merger;
Recommendation of the Spieker Board, the Spieker board of
directors concluded that the proposed merger and partnership
merger were fair to and in the best interests of Spieker and its
stockholders and Spieker Partnership and its unitholders and
authorized and approved the merger agreement and the merger.



Shortly after the conclusion of the special meeting of the
Spieker board of directors on February 22, 2001,
Mr. Callahan approved the final terms of the transaction.
Shortly after that approval, the parties executed the merger
agreement.

Equity Offices Reasons for the Merger; Recommendation
of the Equity Office Board

The Equity Office board of trustees has approved and adopted the
merger agreement and the merger. The Equity Office board
believes that the terms of the merger agreement, the merger and
the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement,
including the issuance of Equity Office shares to Spieker
stockholders and the amendments to the Equity Office declaration
of trust to be effected as part of the merger, are advisable and
in the best interests of Equity Office and its shareholders.
Accordingly, the Equity Office board recommends that Equity
Office common shareholders approve the merger agreement and the
merger, as well as the amendments to the Equity Office
declaration of trust.

Set forth below is a discussion of all material positive and
negative factors considered by the Equity Office board of
trustees in making its determination to adopt and approve the
merger agreement and the merger. As used in this discussion,
(1) references to the assets and business activities of
Equity Office mean the assets and business activities of EOP
Partnership, through which Equity Office conducts substantially
all of its operations and (2) references to the assets and
business activities of Spieker mean the assets and business
activities of Spieker Partnership, through which Spieker
conducts substantially all of its operations. Neither Equity
Office nor Spieker has material assets other than their
respective interests in EOP Partnership and Spieker Partnership
and they conduct all of their business activities through those
partnerships.

Positive Factors Considered by the Equity Office Board

In making its determination with respect to the merger agreement
and the merger, the Equity Office board discussed with Equity
Office senior management, as well as its financial and legal
advisors, and considered a number of factors, including the
following material positive factors:

 

	the uniqueness of the opportunity presented by the merger for
	Equity Office to acquire a significant portfolio of
	well-located, high-quality office properties in key California
	and other West Coast office markets, consisting of ownership or
	interests in approximately 25  million rentable square feet
	of predominantly Class A office properties, and the view of
	Equity Office senior management that this portfolio likely could
	not be replicated through acquisitions of individual assets;

 

	the potential for Spiekers office portfolio to
	significantly enhance Equity Offices existing presence in
	these West Coast office markets, including Seattle,
	San Francisco, San Jose, Orange County and Los Angeles,
	many submarkets of which have significant impediments to new
	office supply;

 

	the potential for the merger, by increasing the number of office
	properties operated by Equity Office by approximately 25% based
	on square footage, to further solidify Equity Offices
	position as the largest publicly-held owner and operator of
	office properties in the United States. Were the merger to
	occur, Equity Office would be the largest or second largest
	owner and operator of office properties in nine of Equity
	Offices ten largest office markets in the United States,
	based on square footage;

 

	the significant potential rent growth in Spiekers
	portfolio as a result of prevailing market rents in excess of
	rental amounts under Spiekers current leases. In the next
	three years, a total of 52% of the leases in the Spieker
	portfolio are scheduled to expire and rental rates in effect as
	of February 22, 2001 under most of those leases were
	significantly below current rental rates;

 

	estimated cost savings and reductions in expenses of
	approximately $2530  million following the merger
	through reductions in corporate and executive staff and
	reductions in office space requirements;



 

	the potential for Equity Office to manage Spiekers office
	properties efficiently following the merger as a result of the
	significant geographic overlap of Equity Offices and
	Spiekers office portfolios;

 

	the opportunity presented by the merger for Equity Office to
	expand its existing development pipeline in California and other
	West Coast markets;

 

	the number of Equity Office common shares and EOP Partnership
	units required to be issued in the merger and the partnership
	merger was fixed and would not be adjusted in the event of a
	decline in the trading price of Equity Office common shares;

 

	the due diligence review of Spieker and its assets conducted by
	Equity Office management and its advisors, including, among
	other things, site tours of a significant number of
	Spiekers properties, and Equity Office managements
	favorable assessment of the quality of Spiekers assets and
	the significant barriers to additional supply in many of
	Spiekers markets;

 

	the estimated post-merger incremental accretion of $0.02 and
	$0.10 to Equity Offices First Call consensus 2001 and 2002
	funds from operations per share estimates of $3.18 and $3.51,
	respectively, as described under  Opinion of
	Morgan Stanley below;

 

	the likelihood that Equity Offices leverage, on a pro
	forma basis after giving effect to the assumption of
	Spiekers debt in the merger and the debt to be incurred by
	Equity Office to finance the cash portion of the merger
	consideration, would improve modestly due to Spiekers
	lower leverage, as described under Opinion of Morgan
	Stanley below;

 

	managements belief that the increased size of Equity
	Office following the merger would provide greater financial
	flexibility to the merged company and that its increased equity
	market capitalization would result in greater liquidity for
	Equity Offices shareholders;

 

	the report by Equity Office management based on conversations
	with the rating agencies to the effect that the rating agencies
	viewed the transaction favorably and confirmed that Equity
	Offices ratings would likely be affirmed, giving effect to
	the merger; and

 

	the opinion, analyses and presentations of Morgan Stanley
	described under Opinion of Morgan Stanley
	beginning on page 41, including the opinion of Morgan
	Stanley that, as of the date of that opinion, and based upon and
	limited by the matters stated in that opinion, the consideration
	to be paid by Equity Office under the merger agreement is fair,
	from a financial point of view, to Equity Office.

Negative Factors Considered by the Equity Office Board

The Equity Office board of trustees also considered the
following potentially negative factors in its deliberations
concerning the merger and the merger agreement:

 

	managements view that market rents in some of
	Spiekers markets were declining as a result of an economic
	slowdown in the broader economy;

 

	the need to finance the cash portion of the consideration of
	approximately $900  million payable to Spieker common
	stockholders in the merger;

 

	the risk that the anticipated benefits of the merger to Equity
	Office and its shareholders might not be realized as a result of
	possible changes in the real estate market in California and
	other West Coast markets;

 

	the risk that the anticipated benefits of the merger to Equity
	Office and its shareholders might not be realized as a result of
	an inability to operate or dispose of the Spieker portfolio of
	industrial properties;

 

	the risk that the anticipated benefits of the merger to Equity
	Office and its shareholders might not be fully realized as a
	result of any inability to achieve the anticipated cost savings
	and reduction in



	expenses and other potential difficulties in integrating the two
	companies and their respective operations;

 

	the limitations on Equity Offices ability to sell a
	substantial number of Spieker properties resulting from the tax
	protection agreements to be entered into or assumed in
	connection with the merger;

 

	that the shares to be issued as part of the merger consideration
	were being issued at less than what management believed to be
	their inherent, long-term value;

 

	the significant cost involved in connection with completing the
	merger and the substantial management time and effort required
	to effect the merger and integrate the businesses of Equity
	Office and Spieker; and

 

	the risk that the merger might not be completed based upon the
	failure to satisfy covenants or closing conditions and the
	resulting interruption to the business of Equity Office.

The above discussion is not intended to be exhaustive of all
factors considered by the Equity Office board, but does set
forth all material positive and negative factors considered by
the Equity Office board of trustees. The Equity Office trustees
present at the February 22, 2001 special meeting of the
board unanimously adopted and approved the merger agreement and
the merger and recommended approval of the merger agreement and
the merger in light of the various factors described above and
other factors that each such member of the Equity Office board
of trustees felt were appropriate. In view of the wide variety
of factors considered by the Equity Office board in connection
with its evaluation of the merger and the complexity of these
matters, the Equity Office board did not consider it practical,
and did not attempt, to quantify, rank or otherwise assign
relative weights to the specific factors it considered in
reaching its decision. Rather, the Equity Office board made its
determination based on the totality of information presented to
and the investigation conducted by it. In considering the
factors discussed above, individual trustees may have given
different weights to different factors.

Opinion of Morgan Stanley

Equity Office retained Morgan Stanley to provide it with
financial advisory services and a financial fairness opinion in
connection with the merger. The Equity Office board of trustees
selected Morgan Stanley to act as Equity Offices financial
advisor based on Morgan Stanleys qualifications, expertise
and reputation and its knowledge of the business and affairs of
Equity Office. At the meeting of the Equity Office board on
February 22, 2001, Morgan Stanley rendered its oral
opinion, subsequently confirmed in writing, that as of
February 22, 2001, and subject to and based on the
considerations in its opinion, the consideration to be paid by
Equity Office pursuant to the merger agreement is fair from a
financial point of view to Equity Office.

The full text of Morgan Stanleys opinion, dated as of
February 22, 2001, which sets forth, among other things,
the assumptions made, procedures followed, matters considered
and limitations on the review undertaken by Morgan Stanley, is
attached as 
Annex B
 to this joint proxy
statement/prospectus. We urge you to read this opinion carefully
and in its entirety. Morgan Stanleys opinion is directed
to the board of trustees of Equity Office, addresses only the
fairness from a financial point of view of the consideration to
be paid by Equity Office pursuant to the merger agreement, and
does not address any other aspect of the merger or constitute a
recommendation with respect to the merger. This summary should
be read together with the full text of the opinion.

In connection with rendering its opinion, Morgan Stanley, among
other things:

 

	reviewed certain publicly available financial statements and
	other business and financial information of Spieker and Equity
	Office, respectively;

 

	reviewed certain internal financial statements and other
	financial and operating data concerning Spieker and Equity
	Office, respectively;



 

	analyzed certain financial forecasts prepared by the managements
	of Spieker and Equity Office, respectively;

 

	reviewed information relating to certain strategic, financial
	and operational benefits anticipated from the merger, prepared
	by the managements of Spieker and Equity Office, respectively;

 

	discussed the past and current operations and financial
	condition and the prospects of Equity Office, including
	information relating to certain strategic, financial and
	operational benefits anticipated from the merger, with senior
	executives of Equity Office;

 

	reviewed the pro forma impact of the merger on Equity
	Offices funds from operations per share, cash flow,
	consolidated capitalization and financial ratios;

 

	reviewed the reported prices and trading activity for Spieker
	common stock and Equity Office common shares, respectively;

 

	compared the financial performance of Spieker and Equity Office
	and the prices and trading activity of Spieker common stock and
	Equity Office common shares with that of certain other
	publicly-traded companies comparable with Spieker and Equity
	Office, respectively, and their securities;

 

	reviewed the financial terms, to the extent publicly available,
	of certain comparable acquisition transactions;

 

	participated in discussions and negotiations among
	representatives of Spieker and Equity Office and their financial
	and legal advisors;

 

	reviewed the merger agreement and certain related documents; and

 

	considered such other factors and performed such other analyses
	as Morgan Stanley deemed appropriate.

Morgan Stanley assumed and relied upon without independent
verification the accuracy and completeness in all material
respects of the information supplied or otherwise made available
to Morgan Stanley for the purposes of this opinion. With respect
to the internal financial forecasts, including information
relating to certain strategic, financial and operational
benefits anticipated from the merger, Morgan Stanley assumed
that they have been reasonably prepared on bases reflecting the
best currently available estimates and judgments of the future
financial performance of Spieker and Equity Office. In addition,
Morgan Stanley assumed that the merger would be consummated in
accordance with the terms set forth in the merger agreement.
Morgan Stanley did not make any independent valuation or
appraisal of the assets or liabilities of Spieker, nor was
Morgan Stanley furnished with any such appraisals. The opinion
of Morgan Stanley is necessarily based on financial, economic,
market and other conditions as in effect on, and the information
made available to Morgan Stanley as of, February 22, 2001.

The following is a summary of the material financial analyses
performed by Morgan Stanley in connection with its oral opinion
and the preparation of its written opinion. These summaries of
financial analyses include information presented in tabular
format. In order to fully understand the financial analyses used
by Morgan Stanley, the tables must be read together with the
text of each summary. The tables alone do not constitute a
complete description of the financial analyses.

Historical Share Price Performance. 
Morgan Stanley
reviewed the historical trading prices for the common stock of
Spieker from February 16, 2000 through February 16,
2001. The table below presents the share prices based on
specified parameters during the period and presents the premium
to such prices implied by the acquisition price. The acquisition
price was determined to be $58.50 per share for Spieker,
which is based on the $13.50 per share in cash and 1.49586
common shares of Equity Office being offered for each share of
Spieker common stock, and assuming a value of $30.083 per
share of Equity Office, which was the average closing price of
Equity Office for the ten trading days before February 16,
2001.



Metric

Period Date

Spieker Share Price

Proposal % Premium

Price on February 16, 2001

2/16/01

$

52.00

12.5

%

Average Price

Last 2 weeks

52.90

10.6

Average Price

Last 6  months

53.95

8.4

Average Price

51.25

14.2

Price on February 16, 2000

2/16/00

40.56

44.2

All-Time High

9/15/00

58.88

(0.6)

Net Asset Valuation Analysis. 
Using Equity Offices
projections of Spiekers performance results for the year
2001 and projected asset and liability balances as of the
estimated closing date of June 30, 2001, Morgan Stanley
calculated the net asset value per share for Spieker. In so
doing, Morgan Stanley applied a range of capitalization rates
from 8.25% to 8.75% to Equity Offices projections of
Spiekers 2001 net operating income for the office
properties, assuming no additional net operating income from
future acquisitions or developments, and applied a range of
capitalization rates and per square foot values to
Spiekers projected, stabilized 2001 net operating income
and square footage, respectively, for the industrial properties.
The resulting gross real estate value was added to the gross
value of Spiekers other assets, including developments in
progress, land, cash and marketable securities, certain other
assets and fee income (valued at a 5.0x multiple of earnings
before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization), less
Spiekers outstanding debt and certain other liabilities,
to arrive at an equity net asset value. The equity net asset
value per share was then calculated by dividing the equity net
asset value by the number of shares of Spieker common stock and
Spieker Partnership units outstanding on a fully diluted basis.
This analysis indicated a net asset value range of between
$55.92 and $62.78 per share. The acquisition price of $58.50 per
share for Spieker falls within this range.

Discounted Cash Flow Analysis.
 Morgan Stanley performed
discounted cash flow analyses, that is, analyses of the present
value, calculated as of June 30, 2001, of both the
projected unlevered free cash flows and cash flows to equity of
Spieker.

Free Cash Flow Model.
 Morgan Stanley performed a
	discounted cash flow analysis, calculated as of June 30,
	2001, of the projected free cash flows for the period from 2001
	to 2005 of Spieker based upon projections provided by Equity
	Office. In addition, Morgan Stanley assumed recurring capital
	expenditures that equal ten percent of net operating income and
	valued fee income at a 5.0x multiple. Morgan Stanley
	employed discount rates reflecting an unlevered cost of capital
	ranging from 12.0% to 13.5% and terminal forward 12-month
	capitalization rates applied to 2005 net operating income
	ranging from 9.00% to 10.00%. Based upon Equity Offices
	projections of Spieker cash flows for the years 2001 through
	2005, the range of present values per share of Spieker common
	stock was as follows:

Terminal Forward 12-Month Capitalization Rates

Discount Rates

9.00%

9.25%

9.50%

9.75%

10.00%

12.0%

$

69.91

$

67.84

$

65.88

$

64.01

$

62.25

12.5%

68.55

66.51

64.57

62.74

61.00

13.0%

67.21

65.20

63.30

61.50

59.78

13.5%

65.90

63.92

62.05

60.27

58.58

	This range of present values implied by the free cash flow model
	exceeds the acquisition price of $58.50 per share for Spieker.

Dividend Discount Model.
 Morgan Stanley performed a
	discounted cash flow analysis, calculated as of June 30,
	2001, of the projected cash flows to equity for the period from
	2001 to 2005 of Spieker based upon projections provided by
	Equity Office. For the purposes of this analysis, Morgan Stanley
	grew dividends per share by applying 90.0% of the previous
	years funds from operations per share growth rate to the
	previous years dividend per share. Morgan Stanley employed
	discount rates reflecting an equity cost of capital ranging from
	14.5% to 16.5% and employed terminal forward 12-month funds from
	operations multiples applied to 2005 funds from operations per
	share ranging from



	9.0x to 11.0x. Based upon Equity Offices projections of
	Spieker cash flows to equity for the years 2001 through 2005,
	the range of present values per share of Spieker common stock
	was as follows:

Terminal Forward 12-Month Funds From

Operations Multiples

Discount Rates

9.0x

9.5x

10.0x

10.5x

11.0x

14.5%

$

57.66

$

60.17

$

62.68

$

65.19

$

67.70

15.0%

56.88

59.35

61.82

64.30

66.77

15.5%

56.11

58.55

60.98

63.42

65.85

16.0%

55.63

57.76

60.16

62.56

64.96

16.5%

54.62

56.98

59.35

61.71

64.07

	The acquisition price of $58.50 per share for Spieker falls
	within the above range of present values implied by the
	dividends discount model.

Comparable Companies Analysis. 
Morgan Stanley compared
various publicly available information of Spieker with publicly
traded companies that share similar characteristics with
Spieker. These companies include:

 

	Arden Realty Inc.;

 

	Boston Properties, Inc.;

 

	CarrAmerica Realty Corporation;

 

	Equity Office;

 

	Kilroy Realty Corporation;

 

	Mack-Cali Realty Corporation;

 

	Reckson Associates Realty Corp.; and

 

	SL Green Realty Corp.

Morgan Stanley arrived at a range of comparable company
multiples by (1) dividing the share prices (using closing
share prices as of February 16, 2001) by consensus 2001 and
2002 funds from operations per share and adjusted funds from
operations per share estimates from First Call and Realty Stock
Review, respectively, and (2) dividing estimated price/2001
funds from operations multiples by total returns (the sum of
existing indicated dividend yield and First Call 5-year growth
estimates). Morgan Stanleys calculations resulted in a
selected range of price/2001 funds from operations multiples,
price/2002 funds from operations multiples, price/2001 adjusted
funds from operations multiples, price/2002 adjusted funds from
operations multiples and 2001 funds from operations
multiple/total return as follows:

Price/2001

Price/2002

2001 Funds

Price/2001

Price/2002

Adjusted

Adjusted

From

Funds From

Funds From

Funds From

Funds From

Operations

Operations

Operations

Operations

Operations

Multiples/

Multiples

Multiples

Multiples

Multiples

Total Return

High

11.0

x

9.5

x

14.0

x

12.5

x

60.0

%

Low

9.0

7.5

11.0

10.5

45.0

All multiples were applied to Equity Offices projections
for Spieker, and maintenance capital expenditures (for the
purposes of calculating adjusted funds from operations) were
assumed to be 10% of



net operating income. Applying a 20% control premium to the
above-mentioned selected range of multiples, Morgan Stanley
determined an implied value per share of Spieker common stock as
follows:

20% Premium to

Price/2001

Price/2002

2001 Funds

Price/2001

Price/2002

Adjusted

Adjusted

From

Funds From

Funds From

Funds From

Funds From

Operations

Operations

Operations

Operations

Operations

Multiples/

Multiples

Multiples

Multiples

Multiples

Total Return

High

$

71.54

$

75.35

$

77.68

$

85.19

$

73.93

Low

58.54

59.49

61.04

71.56

58.85

This range of values implied by the comparable companies
analysis exceeds the acquisition price of $58.50 per share for
Spieker.

Premiums Paid in Selected Precedent Transactions
Analysis.
 Morgan Stanley used publicly available information
from several precedent transactions and analyzed the
premiums/discounts paid in these transactions over prevailing
market prices, 52-week high closing prices and net asset value
per share estimates from Green Street Advisors before the
announcement of these transactions. Morgan Stanley selected
these transactions because they were acquisitions of large,
publicly-traded real estate investment trusts in the broader
real estate industry.

The transactions reviewed include:

 

	the Rodamco North America NV acquisition of Urban Shopping
	Centers, Inc.;

 

	the Equity Office acquisition of Cornerstone Properties Inc.;

 

	the Olympus Real Estate Corporation acquisition of Walden
	Residential Properties, Inc.;

 

	the Duke Realty Investments, Inc. acquisition of Weeks
	Corporation;

 

	The Irvine Company acquisition of Irvine Apartment Communities;

 

	the ProLogis Trust acquisition of Meridian Industrial Trust;

 

	the Equity Residential Properties Trust acquisition of Merry
	Land & Investment Company;

 

	the New Plan Realty Trust acquisition of Excel Realty Trust;

 

	the Equity Office acquisition of Beacon Properties Corporation;
	and

 

	the Simon Property Group, Inc. acquisition of DeBartolo Realty
	Corporation.

The table below provides the selected high and low premiums to
the unaffected price (average stock price for the
10 trading days ending 5 trading days before the
announcement of the transaction), the 52-week high closing price
and the Green Street Advisors net asset value per share
estimate (before the announcement of the merger) for the
precedent transactions:

Premium to

Unaffected Price

52-Week High

Green Street Net Asset Value

High

37.7

%

10.6

%

25.6

%

Low

12.0

%

(1.3

%)

5.9

%

Based on an unaffected share price of $52.00, a 52-week high
closing price of $58.88 and Green Street Advisors net
asset value per share estimate of $55.21, these premiums imply a
valuation range as follows:

Premium to

Unaffected Price

52-Week High

Green Street Net Asset Value

High

$

71.60

$

65.12

$

69.34

Low

58.24

58.11

58.46



The acquisition price of $58.50 per share for Spieker falls
within the above range of values implied by the premiums paid in
selected precedent transactions analysis.

Securities Research Analysts Future Price Targets and
Net Asset Value Estimates Analysis.
 Morgan Stanley reviewed
the net asset value per share and price target estimates for
shares of Spieker common stock as estimated by analysts from
various financial institutions in recent reports. These
financial institutions included: Morgan Stanley, Merrill Lynch,
Goldman Sachs, Credit Suisse First Boston and Salomon Smith
Barney. Net asset value per share estimates ranged from $56.00
to $62.75 and target price per share estimates ranged from
$57.00 to $68.00. The acquisition price of $58.50 per share for
Spieker falls within these ranges.

Pro Forma Merger Analysis.
 Morgan Stanley analyzed the
effect of the merger on, among other things, the estimated First
Call consensus funds from operations per fully diluted Equity
Office common share, including EOP Partnership units, for the
years ended December 31, 2001-2005. The First Call
consensus funds from operations are the funds from operations
estimates, and those implied by the long-term growth rate
estimates, compiled by First Call Corporation from contributing
equity research analysts. In doing so, Morgan Stanley combined
the projected operating results for Equity Office and Spieker
and assumed a 50% savings in Spiekers general and
administrative expenses as well as additional costs related to
the transaction of approximately $90 million, all in accordance
with estimates provided by the management of Equity Office.
Morgan Stanley observed a total projected post-merger
incremental accretion of $0.02 and $0.10 to Equity Offices
First Call consensus 2001 and 2002 funds from operations per
share estimates of $3.18 and $3.51, respectively. The analysis
assumed a transaction closing date of June 30, 2001. In
calculating the purchase price for Spieker common stock and
Spieker Partnership units, a $30.083 share price for Equity
Office common shares was assumed, which equals Equity
Offices average closing share price for the ten trading
days prior to February 16, 2001.

Morgan Stanley also analyzed the effect of the merger on Equity
Offices pro forma equity market capitalization, total
market capitalization and leverage ratios. In this regard,
Morgan Stanley noted that:

 

	the pro forma equity market capitalization for Equity Office
	would be approximately $14.2 billion, assuming a share
	price of $30.083 and assuming approximately 470.6 million
	Equity Office common shares and EOP Partnership units
	outstanding after completion of the merger, and the pro forma
	total market capitalization would be approximately
	$28.0 billion; and

 

	Equity Offices debt to total market capitalization ratio
	would decrease, upon completion of the merger, from 46.2% before
	the merger to 45.8% after the assumption of Spiekers
	outstanding debt plus the incremental debt incurred for the cash
	portion of the transaction consideration and for the payment of
	the transaction costs.

In connection with the review of the merger by Equity
Offices board of trustees, Morgan Stanley performed a
variety of financial and comparative analyses for purposes of
rendering its opinion. The preparation of a fairness opinion is
a complex process and is not necessarily susceptible to a
partial analysis or summary description. In arriving at its
opinion, Morgan Stanley considered the results of all of its
analyses as a whole and did not attribute any particular weight
to any analysis or factor considered by it. Morgan Stanley
believes that the summary provided and the analyses described
above must be considered as a whole and that selecting portions
of these analyses, without considering all of them, would create
an incomplete view of the process underlying its analyses and
opinion. In addition, Morgan Stanley may have given various
analyses and factors more or less weight than other analyses and
factors and may have deemed various assumptions more or less
probable than other assumptions, so that the range of valuations
resulting from any particular analysis described above should
therefore not be taken to be Morgan Stanleys view of the
actual value of Spieker or Equity Office.

In performing its analyses, Morgan Stanley made numerous
assumptions with respect to industry performance, general
business and economic conditions and other matters, many of
which are beyond the control of Equity Office or Spieker. Any
estimates contained in Morgan Stanleys analysis are not
necessarily indicative of future results or actual values, which
may be significantly more or less favorable



than those suggested by these estimates. The analyses performed
were prepared solely as a part of Morgan Stanleys analysis
of the fairness from a financial point of view of the
consideration to be paid by Equity Office pursuant to the merger
agreement and were conducted in connection with the delivery by
Morgan Stanley of its opinion dated February 22, 2001 to
the board of trustees of Equity Office. Morgan Stanleys
analyses do not purport to be appraisals or to reflect the
prices at which shares of common stock of Spieker or Equity
Office might actually trade. The consideration to be paid by
Equity Office in the merger was determined through negotiations
between Equity Office and Spieker and was approved by Equity
Offices board of trustees. Morgan Stanley did not
recommend any specific consideration to Equity Office or that
any given consideration constituted the only appropriate
consideration for the merger.

Morgan Stanleys opinion was one of the many factors taken
into consideration by the Equity Office board of trustees in
making its determination to approve the merger. Morgan
Stanleys analyses summarized above should not be viewed as
determinative of the opinion of the Equity Office board of
trustees with respect to the value of Spieker or of whether the
Equity Office board of trustees would have been willing to agree
to a different form of consideration.

Morgan Stanley is an internationally recognized investment
banking and advisory firm. Morgan Stanley, as part of its
investment banking and financial advisory business, is
continuously engaged in the valuation of businesses and their
securities in connection with mergers and acquisitions,
negotiated underwritings, competitive biddings, secondary
distributions of listed and unlisted securities, private
placements and valuations for corporate and other purposes. In
the past, Morgan Stanley and its affiliates have provided
financial advisory and financing services to Equity Office and
Spieker and have received customary fees for the rendering of
these services. In the ordinary course of business, Morgan
Stanley may from time to time trade in the securities of or
indebtedness of Equity Office and Spieker for its own account,
the accounts of investment funds and other clients under the
management of Morgan Stanley and for the accounts of its
customers and, accordingly, may at any time hold a long or short
position in these securities or indebtedness. Furthermore,
Morgan Stanley is financial advisor to, and affiliates of Morgan
Stanley are, participants in Constellation Real
Technologies LLC, a joint venture in which both Equity
Office and Spieker are participants.

Equity Office has agreed to pay Morgan Stanley a financial
advisory fee of $9 million upon completion of the
transaction. Equity Office has also agreed to reimburse Morgan
Stanley for its expenses incurred in performing its services and
to indemnify Morgan Stanley and its affiliates, their respective
directors, officers, agents and employees and each person, if
any, controlling Morgan Stanley or any of its affiliates against
certain liabilities and expenses, including certain liabilities
under federal securities laws, related to or arising out of
Morgan Stanleys engagement and any related transactions.

The merger agreement does not contemplate or provide for Morgan
Stanley to update its opinion dated February 22, 2001.
Equity Office does not currently intend to request an updated
opinion from Morgan Stanley. If there were a material amendment
to the merger agreement before the completion of the merger that
results in a resolicitation of proxies for the Equity Office and
Spieker shareholder votes on the merger agreement and the
merger, Equity Office would consider at that time whether it was
appropriate to obtain an updated opinion from Morgan Stanley.

Spiekers Reasons for the Merger; Recommendation of the
Spieker Board

The Spieker board of directors approved the merger and approved
and adopted the merger agreement at a meeting held on
February 22, 2001. The Spieker board believes that the
merger agreement, the merger and the other transactions
contemplated by the merger agreement are advisable and in the
best interests of Spieker and its stockholders. Accordingly,
after careful consideration, the Spieker board recommends that
Spieker common stockholders vote FOR approval of the merger
agreement and the merger.

In considering the recommendation of the Spieker board with
respect to the merger, Spieker stockholders should be aware that
some members of the Spieker board as well as some Spieker
executive officers have interests in the merger and the
partnership merger that differ from, or are in addition to, the



interests of Spieker stockholders generally. See 
Conflicts of Interest of Spieker Directors and Executive
Officers in the Merger and the Partnership Merger
beginning on page 58.

In determining whether to adopt and approve the merger agreement
and the merger and to recommend approval of the merger agreement
and the merger by the Spieker stockholders, the Spieker board of
directors considered the following matters as specified by the
Spieker charter as part of its consideration of the positive and
negative factors discussed below:

 

	the economic effect, both immediate and long-term, upon
	Spiekers stockholders;

 

	the social and economic effect on the employees of, customers
	of, and others dealing with, Spieker and its subsidiaries and on
	the communities in which Spieker and its subsidiaries operate or
	are located;

 

	the acceptability of the proposed merger based on the historical
	and current operating results or financial condition of Spieker;

 

	whether a more favorable price could be obtained for
	Spiekers stock or other securities in the future;

 

	the reputation and business practices of Equity Office and its
	management and affiliates as they would affect the employees of
	Spieker and its subsidiaries;

 

	the future value of the stock or any other securities of Spieker;

 

	any antitrust or other legal and regulatory issues that are
	raised by the proposed merger; and

 

	the business and financial condition and earnings prospects of
	Equity Office, including, but not limited to, debt service and
	other existing financial obligations, financial obligations to
	be incurred in connection with the proposed merger and other
	likely financial obligations of Equity Office.

Set forth below is a discussion of all material positive and
negative factors considered by the Spieker board of directors in
making its determination to adopt and approve the merger
agreement and the merger. As used in this discussion,
(1) references to the assets and business activities of
Spieker mean the assets and business activities of Spieker
Partnership, through which Spieker conducts substantially all of
its operations and (2) references to the assets and
business activities of Equity Office mean the assets and
business activities of EOP Partnership, through which Equity
Office conducts substantially all of its operations. Neither
Equity Office nor Spieker has material assets other than their
respective interests in EOP Partnership and Spieker Partnership
and they conduct all of their business activities through those
partnerships.

Positive Factors Considered by the Spieker Board

In addition, in making the determination described above, the
Spieker board of directors discussed with Spieker senior
management, as well as its financial and legal advisors, and
considered a number of factors, including the following material
positive factors:

 

	the terms of the merger agreement, including that each share of
	Spieker common stock will be converted into $13.50 in cash and
	1.49586 common shares of Equity Office, representing based on
	the implied $58.50  per share price (1) a premium of
	10% over the average closing price for Spieker common stock for
	the 10 day trading period ending February 14, 2001,
	which was the 10 day trading period over which the exchange
	ratio was determined, (2) a premium of 12% over the Spieker
	common stock price based on the closing stock price for Spieker
	on February 22, 2001 and (3) 97.6% of the 52-week high
	closing price for Spieker common stock;

 

	managements assessment that a merger of Spieker with
	another entity with broader geographic markets and a more
	diverse property portfolio was Spiekers most attractive
	strategic alternative, and that a combination of Spieker and
	Equity Office would be expected to produce a combined company
	with better than average risk-adjusted returns due to, among
	other things:



 

	the overlap of Equity Offices properties in the markets
	where Spieker operates that would result in a strong
	concentration of ownership in those markets;

 

	the fact that the combined company to result from the merger
	would be focused on the type of markets that Spieker had
	traditionally focused on  that is, markets with high
	barriers to entry due to the fact that those markets are already
	substantially built out; and

 

	Equity Offices strong market position in the top ten
	office real estate markets in the nation;

 

	the belief that Equity Offices common shares trade below
	the net asset value of its property portfolio, indicating the
	potential for future appreciation in the trading prices for
	Equity Office common shares;

 

	the reputation and strength of Equity Offices management
	team;

 

	the fact that a merger with Equity Office would result in a
	larger, more diverse and more liquid stockholder base for the
	Spieker stockholders, including any Spieker Partnership
	unitholders who receive shares of Spieker common stock by
	converting their units into those shares before the partnership
	merger or who receive Equity Office common shares by redeeming
	EOP Partnership units after the partnership merger, and the
	likelihood that the larger, more diverse stockholder base of the
	combined company would result in a lower cost of capital for the
	combined company;

 

	the fact that two to three representatives of Spieker were to be
	elected to the Equity Office board of trustees for a period of
	time, so that Spieker stockholders interests will continue
	to be represented following the merger;

 

	the due diligence review of Equity Office and its assets
	conducted by or on behalf of Spieker management by its advisors,
	including, among other things, site tours of a significant
	number of Equity Offices properties, and Spieker
	managements assessment of the high quality of Equity
	Offices assets;

 

	historical and prospective information concerning Equity
	Offices and Spiekers respective businesses,
	operations and financial performance, including, among other
	things, the earnings prospects of Equity Office and its debt
	service and financial obligations, both before and after the
	merger;

 

	Spieker managements assessment of the high quality of the
	tenant base of Equity Office, and correspondingly its low
	delinquency rate;

 

	the financial presentation of Goldman Sachs on February 22,
	2001 and the opinion of Goldman Sachs rendered to the Spieker
	board on that date to the effect that, as of such date and based
	upon and subject to the matters set forth in that opinion, the
	consideration to be received by the holders of Spieker common
	stock pursuant to the merger agreement was fair from a financial
	point of view to those holders;

 

	the social and economic effect on the employees of Spieker and
	its subsidiaries, including, among other things, (1) that
	Equity Office had been recognized in 
Fortune 
magazine as
	the most admired real estate company, (2) that Equity
	Offices benefit plans were at least as favorable as those
	of Spieker and (3) that the merger agreement required
	Equity Office to allow Spieker employees to participate in
	Equity Office plans in the same manner as similarly situated
	Equity Office employees or, if not practicable in the
	determination of Equity Office, to allow Spieker employees to
	continue to be eligible to participate in Spieker employee
	benefit plans;

 

	the expected benefits of the proposed merger on Spiekers
	customers that would result from the merger as a result of
	Equity Offices national presence, including, among other
	things, the fact that Spieker customers would only have to deal
	with one landlord for many of their office space needs
	nationwide and would be able to use conference facilities or
	excess space in markets where the customer does not have a
	permanent office;



 

	the report by Spieker management based on conversations of
	Equity Office with the rating agencies to the effect that the
	rating agencies had viewed the transaction favorably and
	confirmed that Equity Offices ratings would not be reduced
	as a result of the merger; and

 

	the fact that the stock component of the consideration to
	Spieker common stockholders generally will be a tax-free
	transaction to those stockholders.

Negative Factors Considered by the Spieker Board

The Spieker board of directors also considered the following
potentially negative factors, among others, in determining
whether to adopt and approve the merger agreement and the merger
and to recommend approval of the merger agreement and the merger
by the Spieker stockholders:

 

	the fact that a significant portion of the consideration to be
	received by Spieker common stockholders consists of Equity
	Office common shares the exact number of which will be
	determined pursuant to a fixed exchange ratio. As a result, a
	decrease in the trading price of Equity Office common shares
	before the closing of the merger will reduce the value of the
	per share and aggregate consideration that will be received by
	the Spieker stockholders;

 

	the risk that the anticipated benefits of the merger to Spieker
	stockholders discussed above under  Positive Factors
	Considered by the Spieker Board may not be realized as a
	result of possible changes in the real estate market, or as a
	result of potential difficulties in integrating the two
	companies and their respective operations;

 

	the likelihood that in the short term the combined company would
	grow more slowly than First Call consensus estimates indicated
	that Spieker would on a stand-alone basis;

 

	the possibility that the public announcement of the merger would
	make it more difficult for Spieker to retain employees because
	of the likelihood that some Spieker employees would anticipate
	that they did not have a position with the combined company and
	would begin to search for new employment even before the merger
	closed;

 

	the possibility that the public announcement of the merger would
	lead to a decrease in the trading price of Equity Offices
	common shares which, due to the fact that a substantial portion
	of the consideration to be received by Spieker common
	stockholders in the merger is based on the value of Equity
	Offices common shares, would reduce the overall value of
	the merger consideration;

 

	the significant cost involved in connection with completing the
	merger, the substantial management time and effort required to
	effectuate the merger and integrate the businesses of the
	companies and the related disruption to Spiekers
	operations; and

 

	the $160 million termination fee payable by Spieker and Spieker
	Partnership to EOP Partnership under some circumstances and the
	specific circumstances under which that fee is payable, which
	might discourage some proposals to acquire Spieker in the
	12 months following termination of the merger agreement
	because of the increased price that the acquiror would have to
	pay.

The above discussion is not intended to be exhaustive of all
factors considered by the Spieker board, but does set forth all
material positive and negative factors considered by the Spieker
board of directors. The Spieker directors present at the
February 22, 2001 special meeting of the board unanimously
approved the merger and recommended approval of the merger in
light of the various factors described above and other factors
that each such member of the Spieker board of directors felt
were appropriate. In view of the wide variety of factors
considered by the Spieker board in connection with its
evaluation of the merger and the complexity of these matters,
the Spieker board did not consider it practical, and did not
attempt, to quantify, rank or otherwise assign relative weights
to the specific factors it considered in reaching its decision.
Rather, the Spieker board made its recommendation based on the
totality of information presented to and the investigation
conducted by it. In considering the factors discussed above,
individual directors may have given different weights to
different factors.



Opinion of Goldman Sachs

On February 22, 2001, Goldman, Sachs & Co. delivered an
oral opinion to the board of directors of Spieker, subsequently
confirmed by delivery of a written opinion, dated as of
February 22, 2001, that, as of that date and subject to the
matters and assumptions set forth in the opinion, the
consideration, consisting of $13.50 in cash and 1.49586 Equity
Office common shares per share of Spieker common stock, to be
received in connection with the merger was fair from a financial
point of view to the holders of shares of Spieker common stock.

The full text of the written opinion of Goldman Sachs, dated
as of February 22, 2001, which sets forth the assumptions
made, procedures followed, matters considered and limitations on
the review undertaken by Goldman Sachs in connection with the
opinion, is attached as 
Annex C
 and is incorporated
by reference in this proxy statement/ prospectus. Spieker
stockholders are urged to, and should, read the opinion in its
entirety.

In connection with its opinion, Goldman Sachs reviewed, among
other things:

 

	the merger agreement;

 

	annual reports to shareholders and annual reports on
	Form 10-K of Spieker and Equity Office, respectively, for
	the three years ended December  31, 1999;

 

	a draft of the audited financial statements for Spieker for the
	year ended December 31, 2000;

 

	various interim reports to shareholders and quarterly reports on
	Form 10-Q of Spieker and Equity Office, respectively;

 

	various other communications from Spieker and Equity Office to
	their respective shareholders; and

 

	various internal financial analyses and forecasts for Spieker
	and Equity Office prepared by their respective managements,
	including various cost savings and operating synergies projected
	by the managements of Spieker and Equity Office to result from
	the merger.

Goldman Sachs also held discussions with members of the senior
managements of Spieker and Equity Office regarding their
assessment of the strategic rationale for, and the potential
benefits of, the transactions contemplated by the merger
agreement and the past and current business operations,
financial condition and future prospects of Spieker and Equity
Office. In addition, Goldman Sachs:

 

	reviewed the reported price and trading activity for the common
	stock of Spieker and the Equity Office common shares;

 

	compared financial and stock market information for Spieker and
	Equity Office with similar information for the securities of
	other publicly traded companies;

 

	reviewed the financial terms of recent business combinations in
	the real estate industry specifically, and in other industries
	generally; and

 

	performed other studies and analyses that Goldman Sachs
	considered appropriate.

Goldman Sachs relied upon the accuracy and completeness of all
of the financial and other information that was discussed with
or reviewed by it. Goldman Sachs assumed the accuracy and
completeness of this information for purposes of rendering its
opinion. Goldman Sachs did not make an independent evaluation or
appraisal of the assets and liabilities of Spieker or Equity
Office or any of their subsidiaries and was not furnished with
an evaluation or appraisal of any of these assets or
liabilities. With the consent of the Spieker board of directors,
Goldman Sachs took into account the views of Spiekers
management regarding the risks and uncertainties relating to
Spiekers ability to achieve the forecasts prepared by
Spiekers management in the amounts and time periods
contemplated by those forecasts. Goldman Sachs was not requested
to solicit, and did not solicit, interest from other parties
with respect to an acquisition of, or other business combination
with, Spieker. Goldman Sachs provided its advisory services and
opinion for the information and assistance of the board of
directors of Spieker in connection



with its consideration of the merger. 
Goldman Sachs
opinion does not constitute a recommendation as to how any
holder of common stock of Spieker should vote with respect to
the merger.

In connection with its opinion, Goldman Sachs noted that
pursuant to the merger agreement, Spieker Partnership, an
affiliate of Spieker, will be merged with and into EOP
Partnership, an affiliate of Equity Office, and each partnership
unit of Spieker Partnership, other than preferred partnership
interests, will be exchanged for 1.94462 partnership units of
EOP Partnership. Goldman Sachs also noted that, pursuant to the
partnership agreement of Spieker Partnership, holders of
partnership units of Spieker Partnership, other than preferred
partnership interests, have the right, exercisable prior to the
completion of the transactions contemplated by the merger
agreement, to convert their partnership units into shares of
Spieker common stock and thereby receive the consideration
provided for in the merger for shares of Spieker common stock.
In rendering its opinion, Goldman Sachs did not opine on the
consideration to be received by holders of partnership units of
Spieker Partnership in the transactions contemplated by the
merger agreement or the differential treatment afforded to the
holders of those partnership units in comparison to the
consideration to be received by the holders of shares of Spieker
common stock in the merger.

The following is a summary of the material financial analyses
utilized by Goldman Sachs and furnished to the Spieker board of
directors in connection with the rendering of the Goldman Sachs
opinion. This summary does not purport to be a complete
description of the analyses performed by Goldman Sachs. The
order of the analyses described, and the results of those
analyses, do not represent the relative importance or weight
given to the analyses by Goldman Sachs.

The following summaries of financial analyses include
information presented in tabular format. You should read these
tables together with the text of each summary.

Analysis of Consideration.
 Goldman Sachs reviewed the
consideration to be received by holders of shares of Spieker
common stock in the merger. This consideration consists of
(1) $13.50 in cash and (2) 1.49586 common shares of
Equity Office per share of Spieker common stock. Based on the
average closing price of Equity Office common shares on the NYSE
over the 10 trading days ended February 15, 2001,
Goldman Sachs noted that the consideration in connection with
the merger would be equivalent to $58.50 per share. Goldman
Sachs also noted that, based on the closing price of Equity
Office common shares on the NYSE on February 21, 2001, two
days prior to announcement of the merger, the consideration in
connection with the merger would be equivalent to $57.73 per
share.

Accretion/ Dilution Summary.
 Goldman Sachs analyzed the
financial impact of the merger on the funds from operations of
Equity Office common shares. These analyses were based on
consensus estimates of the Institutional Brokers Estimate
System, or IBES, for Spieker and Equity Office. For each of the
years 2001 and 2002, Goldman Sachs analyzed the estimated funds
from operations per share of Spieker common stock and Equity
Office common shares, interest expense and the projected
synergies to result from the merger to calculate the estimated
accretion/ dilution on Equity Offices common shares.
Assuming the completion of the merger by June 30, 2001 and
assuming synergies of $10 million in 2001 and $25 million
in 2002, Goldman Sachs analysis indicated the merger would
be dilutive by $0.06 per share in 2001 and add $0.02 per share
in 2002. Goldman Sachs also performed the same analysis using
internal projections prepared by Spieker management for Spieker,
which resulted in less dilution in 2001 and more accretion in
2002.

Comparison of Office Real Estate Companies.
 Using Spieker
management projections and IBES consensus estimates, Goldman
Sachs reviewed and compared selected financial information and
multiples



for Spieker to corresponding financial information and multiples
for the following office real estate companies:



Boston Properties, Inc.;



Vornado Realty Trust;



SL Green Realty Corp.;



Equity Office;



CarrAmerica Realty Corporation;



Kilroy Realty Corporation;



TrizecHahn Corporation;



Reckson Associates Realty Corp.;



Arden Realty Inc.; and



Mack-Cali Realty Corporation.

Goldman Sachs calculated the funds from operations multiples and
other financial information for Spieker at (1) the implied
transaction price, based on the closing price for shares of
Spieker common stock on the NYSE on February 21, 2001 and
the exchange ratio, (2) the implied transaction price,
based on the closing price for shares of Spieker common stock on
the NYSE on February 21, 2001 and the exchange ratio and an
adjustment to funds from operations to include the effect of
straight-lined rents, and (3) the current market price,
based on the closing price for shares of Spieker common stock on
the NYSE on February 21, 2001. The multiples and other
financial information calculated by Goldman Sachs are based on
the closing prices on February 21, 2001 for shares of
Spieker and the selected companies common stock and the
most recent publicly available information for Spieker and the
selected companies. The funds from operations and five year
growth estimates for Spieker and the selected companies were
based on IBES estimates. The five-year growth estimates for
Spieker were based on IBES estimates. Goldman Sachs
analysis of the selected companies compared the following to the
results for Spieker:

 

	the February 21, 2001 closing share price as a percentage
	of the 52-week high share price;

 

	total market capitalization;

 

	net debt as a percentage of total market capitalization;

 

	the 2001 and 2002 estimated funds from operations multiples;

 

	the estimated funds from operations growth rate for 2001 to 2002;

 

	five-year estimated growth rate; and

 

	the multiple of the 2002 estimated funds from operations
	multiple to the five-year growth rate.

The results of these analyses with respect to Spieker are
summarized as follows:

Transaction

Transaction

price-

Current

price

adjusted

market price

February 21, 2001 closing share price as a
	percentage of the 52-week high share price

97.6

%

97.6

%

89.0

%

Common equity market capitalization (in millions)

$

4,377.7

$

4,377.7

$

3,990.8

Net debt (in millions)

$

2,041.8

$

2,041.8

$

2,041.8

Preferred equity market capitalization (in
	millions)

$

431.3

$

431.3

$

431.3

Total market capitalization (in millions)

$

6,850.9

$

6,850.9

$

6,463.9

Net debt as a percentage of total market
	capitalization

29.8

%

29.8

%

31.6

%

Estimated funds from operations multiples for 2001

11.5

x

11.0

x

10.5

x

Estimated funds from operations multiples for 2002

10.0

x

9.6

x

9.1

x

Estimated funds from operations growth rate for
	2001 to 2002

15.8

%

15.1

%

15.8

%

Five-year estimated growth rate

13.0

%

13.0

%

13.0

%

Multiple of the 2002 estimated funds from
	operations multiple to the five-year growth rate

0.8

x

0.7

x

0.7

x



Goldman Sachs also performed the same analyses using projections
prepared by Spieker management for Spieker, which yielded lower
funds from operations multiples and higher growth rates.

The results of these analyses with respect to the selected
office real estate companies are as follows:

Selected Office Real Estate Companies

High

Median

Mean

Low

February 21, 2001 closing share price as a
	percentage of the 52-week high share price

93.0

%

88.5

%

89.0

%

85.1

%

Total market capitalization (in millions)

$

19,684.4

$

3,551.7

$

5,751.9

$

1,314.4

Net debt as a percentage of total market
	capitalization

60.9

%

40.7

%

41.5

%

31.8

%

Estimated funds from operations multiples for 2001

11.1

x

8.9

x

8.9

x

7.3

x

Estimated funds from operations multiples for 2002

9.5

x

8.1

x

8.1

x

6.8

x

Estimated funds from operations growth rate for
	2001 to 2002

16.7

%

9.9

%

10.3

%

6.8

%

Five-year estimated growth rate

15.0

%

9.8

%

10.1

%

7.5

%

Multiple of the 2002 estimated funds from
	operations multiple to the five-year growth rate

0.9

x

0.8

x

0.8

x

0.5

x

Net Asset Value Analyses.
 Using information provided by
Spieker management, Goldman Sachs calculated the net asset
value, or NAV, per share for Spieker common stock by subtracting
debt and other liabilities from gross assets. Goldman Sachs
calculated gross assets by applying capitalization rates ranging
from 8.25% to 9.00% to Spiekers annualized net operating
income of $584.9 million. Spiekers annualized net
operating income was based on cash net operating income for its
stabilized properties for the fourth quarter of 2000. In
calculating Spiekers cash net operating income, Goldman
Sachs did not utilize straight-lined accounting methodologies.
Goldman Sachs added the value of Spiekers other assets to
Spiekers gross assets. These other assets included
developments in progress, valued at 110% of book value to
account for developers profit, land held for development,
valued at book value, and management fees, valued, by
Spiekers management, at a multiple of 5.0x earnings before
interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, or EBITDA. This
analysis indicated Spiekers NAV per share as follows:

NAV per share

of Spieker

Capitalization rate

common stock

8.25%

$

60.30

8.50%

$

57.64

8.75%

$

55.12

9.00%

$

52.75

Based on publicly disclosed information, Goldman Sachs also
calculated the NAV per Equity Office common share by subtracting
debt and other liabilities from gross assets. Goldman Sachs
calculated gross assets by applying capitalization rates ranging
from 8.50% to 9.00% to Equity Offices annualized net
operating income of $1,629.7 million. Equity Offices
annualized net operating income was based on net operating
income for its stabilized properties for the fourth quarter of
2000. In calculating Equity Offices net operating income,
Goldman Sachs did not utilize straight-lined accounting
methodologies. Goldman Sachs added the value of Equity
Offices other assets to Equity Offices gross assets.
These other assets included developments in progress, valued at
110% of book value to account for developers profit, land
held for development, valued at book value, management fees,
valued, by Equity Offices management, at



a multiple of 5.0x EBITDA, and investments in unconsolidated
subsidiaries, valued using the equity method. This analysis
indicated Equity Offices NAV per share as follows:

NAV per

Equity Office

Capitalization rate

common share

8.50%

$

32.40

8.75%

$

30.90

9.00%

$

29.43

Exchange Ratio Analysis.
 Goldman Sachs reviewed the
exchange ratio history for various periods ending
February 21, 2001. Goldman Sachs calculated the implied
historical exchange ratios of shares of Spieker common stock to
Equity Office common shares for the average and high of the
periods set forth below and for February 21, 2001 as
follows:

Implied Exchange

Period

Ratio

February 21, 2001

1.78

x

Three months average for the period ended
	February 21, 2001

1.68

x

Six months average for the period ended
	February 21, 2001

1.76

x

One year average for the period ended
	February 21, 2001

1.74

x

One year high for the period ended
	February 21, 2001

1.90

x

Three year high for the period ended
	February 21, 2001

1.90

x

Goldman Sachs also noted that, based on the average closing
price of Equity Office common shares on the NYSE over the 10
trading days ended February 15, 2001 and hypothetically
converting the cash consideration payable in the merger into
Equity Office common shares at that average value, the exchange
ratio for an all-stock merger would be 1.94462.

Discounted Cash Flow Analysis.
 Goldman Sachs performed a
discounted cash flow analysis by calculating the present value
of estimated annual dividends for Spieker for 2001 through 2005
based upon Spiekers management projections. Goldman Sachs
calculated the terminal values based on funds from operations
multiples ranging from 7.0x to 9.0x applied to the projected
2006 funds from operations per share. Goldman Sachs discounted
the dividends and the terminal values to present value based on
discount rates ranging from 12.0% to 15.0%. The results of this
analysis were as follows:

Equity discount rate

Terminal funds from

operations multiple

12.0%

13.0%

14.0%

15.0%

7.0x

$

54.03

$

51.96

$

50.00

$

48.14

7.5x

$

56.65

$

54.48

$

52.41

$

50.44

8.0x

$

59.28

$

56.99

$

54.81

$

52.74

8.5x

$

61.90

$

59.50

$

57.21

$

55.04

9.0x

$

64.53

$

62.01

$

59.61

$

57.34



Selected Public REIT Mergers.
 Goldman Sachs analyzed
information relating to the following eight comparable
transactions in the real estate investment trust industry since
1997:

Acquirer

Target

Equity Office Properties Trust

Cornerstone Properties Inc.

Duke Realty Investments, Inc.

Weeks Corporation

ProLogis Trust

Meridian Industrial Trust, Inc.

Equity Residential Properties Trust

Merry Land & Investment Company, Inc.

Equity Office Properties Trust

Beacon Properties Corporation

Rodamco North America

Urban Shopping Centers Inc.

Olympus Real Estate Fund II, L.P.

Walden Residential Properties, Inc.

Berkshire Realty Holdings, L.P.

Berkshire Realty Company, Inc.

Goldman Sachs compared the following information relating to the
selected transactions to the proposed merger:

 

	the premium of the implied offer price to the target stock price
	on the day prior to announcement of the particular transaction;

 

	the targets funds from operations multiple (based on the
	closing price of the targets shares on the day prior to
	announcement of the particular transaction and IBES funds from
	operations estimates for the forward year);

 

	the acquirers funds from operations (based on the closing
	price of the acquirers shares on the day prior to
	announcement of the particular transaction and IBES funds from
	operations estimates for the forward year);

 

	the transaction funds from operations multiple (based on the
	implied offer price and IBES funds from operations estimates for
	the forward year); and

 

	the transaction funds from operations multiple as a percentage
	of the acquirers funds from operations.

The results of this analysis were as follows:

Selected REIT Mergers

Proposed

High

Median

Mean

Low

merger

Premium of implied offer price to target stock
	price on day prior to announcement

39.4

%

22.2

%

21.8

%

11.5

%

10.4

%

Targets funds from operations multiple

12.1

x

8.9

x

9.2

x

7.1

x

10.4

x

Acquirers funds from operations multiple

16.8

x

10.5

x

11.4

x

9.2

x

9.3

x

Transaction funds from operations multiple

15.6

x

10.9

x

11.2

x

8.7

x

11.5

x

Transaction funds from operations multiple as a
	percentage of acquirers funds from operations multiple

116.8

%

98.4

%

102.0

%

92.7

%

124.1

%

The preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex process and
is not necessarily susceptible to partial analysis or summary
description. Selecting portions of the analyses or of the
summary set forth above, without considering the analyses as a
whole, could create an incomplete view of the processes
underlying Goldman Sachs opinion. In arriving at its
fairness determination, Goldman Sachs considered the results of
all these analyses and did not attribute any particular weight
to any factor or analysis considered by it; rather, Goldman
Sachs made its determination as to fairness on the basis of its
experience and professional judgment after considering the
results of all of these analyses. No company or transaction used
in the above analyses is directly comparable to Spieker or
Equity Office or the transactions contemplated by the merger
agreement.

Goldman Sachs prepared these analyses solely for purposes of
providing an opinion to the Spieker board of directors. The
analyses do not purport to be appraisals or necessarily reflect
the prices at which businesses or securities actually may be
sold. Analyses based upon forecasts of future results are not



necessarily indicative of actual future results, which may be
significantly more or less favorable than those suggested by
these analyses. Because these analyses are inherently subject to
uncertainty, being based upon numerous factors or events beyond
the control of the parties or their respective advisors, none of
Spieker, Equity Office, Goldman Sachs or any other person
assumes responsibility if future results are materially
different from those forecast. As described above, the financial
analyses presented by Goldman Sachs to the Spieker board of
directors was one of many factors taken into consideration by
the Spieker board of directors in making its determination to
approve the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement.

Goldman Sachs, as part of its investment banking business, is
continually engaged in the valuation of businesses and their
securities in connection with mergers and acquisitions,
negotiated underwritings, competitive biddings, secondary
distributions of listed and unlisted securities, private
placements and valuations for estate, corporate and other
purposes. Goldman Sachs is familiar with Spieker having provided
investment banking services to Spieker from time to time, for
which it received customary compensation, including having acted
as:

 

	lead-managing underwriter of a public offering of $150 million
	aggregate principal amount of 6.75% notes due January 15,
	2008 of Spieker Partnership, an affiliate of Spieker, in January
	1998;

 

	lead-managing underwriter of a private placement of
	4,000,000 series D cumulative redeemable preferred
	units of Spieker Partnership in June 1998;

 

	lead-managing underwriter of a public offering of $200 million
	aggregate principal amount of 7.25% notes due May 1, 2009
	of Spieker Partnership in May 1999;

 

	lead-managing underwriter of a public offering of $200 million
	aggregate principal amount of 6.80% notes due May 1, 2004
	of Spieker Partnership in May 1999;

 

	lead-managing underwriter of a public offering of $200 million
	aggregate principal amount of 7.65% notes due December 15,
	2010 of Spieker Partnership in December 2000; and

 

	its financial advisor in connection with the merger agreement.

Goldman Sachs also has provided investment banking services to
Equity Office from time to time, for which it received customary
compensation, including having acted as:

 

	co-managing underwriter of a public offering of $300 million
	aggregate principal amount of 6.763% notes due 2007 of EOP
	Partnership in June  1998;

 

	lead-managing underwriter of a public offering of 4,765,423
	common shares of Equity Office in October 1998;

 

	co-managing underwriter of an offering of $500 million aggregate
	principal amount of 6.8% notes due January 15, 2009 of EOP
	Partnership in January 1999;

 

	co-managing underwriter of an offering of $300 million aggregate
	principal amount of 6.5% notes due January 15, 2004 of EOP
	Partnership in January 1999;

 

	co-managing underwriter of an offering of $200 million aggregate
	principal amount of 6.375% notes due January 15, 2002 of
	EOP Partnership in January 1999;

 

	co-managing underwriter of a public offering of $500 million
	aggregate principal amount of 8.375% notes due March 15,
	2006 of EOP Partnership in March 2000; and

 

	co-lead-managing underwriter of a public offering of $400
	million aggregate principal amount of 7 3/8% notes due 2003
	of EOP Partnership in November 2000.

Goldman Sachs provides a full range of financial advisory and
securities services and, in the course of its normal trading
activities, may from time to time effect transactions and hold
positions in securities, including derivative securities, of
Spieker or Equity Office for its own account and for the
accounts of customers. As of February 22, 2001, Goldman
Sachs held a net long position of 2,661,085 Equity Office



common shares. Goldman Sachs may provide investment banking
services to Equity Office and its subsidiaries in the future.

Pursuant to a letter agreement dated February 16, 2001,
Spieker engaged Goldman Sachs to render general financial
advisory services in connection with the sale of all or a
portion of Spieker to Equity Office. Under the terms of this
letter agreement, Spieker has agreed to pay Goldman Sachs a fee
of $6 million payable upon the closing of the merger. Spieker
also has agreed to reimburse Goldman Sachs for its reasonable
out-of-pocket expenses, including attorneys fees, and to
indemnify Goldman Sachs against various liabilities, including
liabilities under the federal securities laws.

The merger agreement does not contemplate or provide for Goldman
Sachs to update its opinion dated February 22, 2001.
Spieker does not currently intend to request an updated opinion
from Goldman Sachs. If there were a material amendment to the
merger agreement before the completion of the merger that
results in a resolicitation of proxies for the Spieker and
Equity Office shareholder votes on the merger agreement and the
merger, Spieker would consider at that time whether it was
appropriate to obtain an updated opinion from Goldman Sachs.

Trustees and Executive Officers of Equity Office After the
Merger

Following the merger, the 13 current trustees of Equity
Office will remain as trustees of the combined entity. In
addition, three current directors or executive officers of
Spieker, Messrs. Spieker, Foster and Vought will become
trustees of the combined entity. Mr. Spiekers term
will expire in 2004, Mr. Voughts in 2003 and
Mr. Fosters in 2002.

Following the merger, the current executive officers of Equity
Office will remain as executive officers of Equity Office. No
current executive officers of Spieker will become executive
officers of Equity Office following the merger.

Conflicts of Interest of Spieker Directors and Executive
Officers in the Merger and the Partnership Merger

In considering the recommendation of the Spieker board with
respect to the merger, Spieker stockholders should be aware
that, as described below, some Spieker directors and executive
officers have interests in, and will receive benefits from, the
merger and the partnership merger that differ from, or are in
addition to, and, therefore, may conflict with the interests of
Spieker stockholders generally.

Trustees of Equity Office After the Merger. 
Following the
merger, the 13 current trustees of Equity Office will
remain as trustees of the combined entity. In addition,
Messrs. Spieker, Foster and Vought will become trustees of
the combined entity. See  Trustees and
Executive Officers of Equity Office After the Merger above.

Indemnification and Insurance.
 The merger agreement
provides that Equity Office and EOP Partnership will provide
exculpation and indemnification for each person who has been at
any time on or before February 22, 2001, or who becomes
before the completion of the merger, a director or officer of
Spieker or any Spieker subsidiary which is the same as the
exculpation and indemnification provided by Spieker and Spieker
Partnership as of the date of the merger agreement. In addition,
Equity Office and EOP Partnership will indemnify and hold
harmless those persons against any losses, claims, liabilities,
expenses, judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement
arising out of the fact that the person is or was an officer,
employee or director of Spieker or any of Spiekers
subsidiaries or out of the merger agreement or the transactions
contemplated by the merger agreement to the fullest extent
permitted by law. Further, Equity Office has agreed to purchase
directors and officers liability insurance coverage
for the benefit of those individuals currently covered by
Spiekers insurance for a period of six years following the
merger. For a more complete discussion of these provisions of
the merger agreement, see The Merger Agreement 
Indemnification; Directors and Officers
Insurance beginning on page 84.

Equity-Based Awards. 
Unvested options to purchase an
aggregate of 1,075,247 shares of Spieker common stock at an
average exercise price of $38.33 per share previously awarded to
17 Spieker directors



and executive officers will vest in connection with the merger
pursuant to the plans under which they were issued and in any
event no later than the day before the merger closes. These 17
Spieker directors and executive officers also currently hold
vested options to purchase an aggregate of an additional
2,577,505 shares of Spieker common stock at an average exercise
price of $30.48. All Spieker stock options will be converted in
the merger into options to purchase Equity Office common shares
under the terms of the merger agreement. Under the merger
agreement, holders of Spieker stock options will be entitled to
tender the Equity Office options that they will receive in the
merger to EOP Partnership for a cash payment per option
converted in the merger equal to the excess, if any, of $58.50
per Spieker option over the exercise price of the Spieker
option, which acquisition and payment will be made within three
business days of the closing of the merger. Options to purchase
Equity Office common shares that are not tendered to EOP
Partnership as described above would remain outstanding under
their terms.

The following table sets forth the unvested Spieker stock
options held by Spieker directors and executive officers the
vesting of which will accelerate in connection with the merger,
the total outstanding Spieker stock options held by such
persons, the average exercise price of the outstanding Spieker
stock options and the cash value of the tender of all
outstanding options held by such persons at the $58.50 per
option tender price.

Average Exercise

Total

Price of

Cash Value of

Unvested Spieker

Outstanding Spieker

Outstanding Spieker

Tender of Outstanding

Name

Stock Options

Stock Options

Stock Options

Stock Options

Warren E. Spieker, Jr.

116,000

722,500

$29.73

$20,786,325

John K. French

82,000

432,000

$31.04

11,862,720

Dennis E. Singleton

48,000

342,500

$28.20

10,377,750

Richard J. Bertero

10,000

23,500

$37.04

504,310

Harold M. Messmer, Jr.

10,000

10,000

$42.19

163,100

David M. Petrone

10,000

14,000

$40.85

247,100

William S. Thompson, Jr.

10,000

23,500

$37.04

504,310

John A. Foster

128,400

354,500

$34.31

8,575,355

Craig G. Vought

162,000

542,500

$32.68

14,007,350

Joseph D. Russell, Jr.

71,400

132,200

$38.99

2,579,222

Peter H. Schnugg

72,247

193,552

$35.67

4,418,792

Stuart A. Rothstein

53,000

120,000

$37.07

2,571,600

James C. Eddy

69,200

203,500

$32.80

5,229,950

All other executive officers as a group
	(4 persons)

233,000

538,500

$36.08

12,073,170

All directors and executive officers as a group
	who have agreed to tender their options (11 persons)(1)

946,247

3,417,752

$32.41

$89,169,150

All directors and executive officers as a group
	(17  persons)

1,075,247

3,652,752

$32.79

$93,912,254

(1) 

	These directors and executive officers are:
	Messrs. Spieker, French, Singleton, Foster, Vought,
	Russell, Davenport and Schnugg and three other executive
	officers.

In addition, 205,182 unvested shares of Spieker restricted stock
previously awarded to Spieker directors and executive officers
will vest on the day immediately before the date on which the
Spieker common stockholders approve the merger. The following
table sets forth the unvested shares of restricted



stock previously awarded to directors and executive officers and
the value of such restricted stock at an assumed $57.70 pro
forma equivalent value for Spieker common stock.

Assumed

Name

Unvested Restricted Stock

Value

Warren E. Spieker, Jr.

33,589

$

1,938,085

John K. French

16,362

944,087

Dennis E. Singleton

12,138

700,363

John A. Foster

29,591

1,707,401

Craig G. Vought

28,384

1,637,757

Joseph D. Russell, Jr.

19,937

1,150,365

Peter H. Schnugg

9,272

534,994

Stuart A. Rothstein

8,103

467,543

James C. Eddy

3,896

224,799

All other executive officers as a group
	(3 persons)

43,910

2,533,607

Special Severance Policy. 
Spieker has a special severance
policy applicable to specified executive officers, which
provides for severance compensation under specified
circumstances in the event of a change in control. A change in
control occurs for purposes of the Spieker special severance
policy when:

 

	any person becomes the owner of 20% or more of Spiekers
	voting securities;

 

	individuals who constitute the Spieker board on the effective
	date of the Spieker special severance policy and any new
	directors whose election or nomination for election was approved
	by a vote of at least three quarters of the directors then in
	office who either were directors at the beginning of that period
	or whose election or nomination for election was previously so
	approved, cease to constitute a majority; or

 

	the Spieker stockholders approve a merger, consolidation, share
	exchange or similar transaction in which Spiekers voting
	securities do not continue to represent at least 60% of the
	total voting power of the surviving entity.

In the event of termination of employment by Spieker without
cause, or by the executive officer for good reason, within two
years following a change in control, Spieker or its successor
will make a lump sum payment of the following amount, which we
refer to in this description as the base amount:

 

	three times, in the case of Messrs. Spieker, Vought,
	Foster, French, Singleton and Rothstein and one other Spieker
	executive officer, and two times, in the case of
	Messrs. Russell, Schnugg and Eddy and all other eligible
	executive officers, the sum of (a) the executive
	officers highest annual rate of base salary during the
	12 months immediately preceding termination, (b) the
	average of the annual bonus earned by the executive officer
	during the two completed fiscal years before termination, and
	(c) the average fair market value of the shares of Spieker
	restricted common stock granted to the executive officer during
	the two completed fiscal years before the change in control; and

 

	the pro rata portion of the annual bonus for the fiscal year in
	which termination occurred, calculated on the basis of the
	target bonus and on the assumption that all performance goals
	were achieved at target level.

An executive officer is considered terminated for cause if he or
she willfully and continually fails to substantially perform his
or her duties after a written demand for substantial performance
is delivered, or if he or she willfully engages in illegal
conduct or misconduct which is materially and demonstrably
injurious to Spieker.



Good reason will exist for purposes of the special severance
policy if any of the following events occur without the
executive officers consent:

 

	reduction in his or her base salary;

 

	required relocation of his or her principal place of employment
	by more than 20  miles;

 

	substantial adverse change in his or her duties or
	responsibilities; or

 

	failure to continue any employee benefit plan, compensation
	plan, welfare plan or material fringe benefit plan, or reduction
	in any benefit under any such plan unless the executive officer
	is permitted to participate in other plans providing
	substantially equivalent benefits in the aggregate.

If any payments made to an executive officer by Spieker under
the Spieker special severance policy or otherwise would result
in an excise tax imposed by section 4999 of the Internal
Revenue Code, the executive officer will receive a tax
reimbursement payment that would put the executive officer in
the same financial position after-tax that he would have been in
if the excise tax did not apply to such amounts. However, if
reducing the payments to be made under the special severance
policy by 10% or less would avoid triggering the excise tax, the
payments will be reduced by the amount necessary to avoid
triggering the excise tax rather than making the tax
reimbursement payment.

Equity Office has acknowledged that the merger will be a change
in control for purposes of the Spieker special severance policy
and that severance payments will be made as provided by the
Spieker special severance policy to any participant who becomes
entitled to these payments because of a termination of
employment occurring on or after the effective date of the
merger, unless the termination is for cause or is a voluntary
resignation without good reason under the terms of the Spieker
special severance policy. No executive officer eligible for the
benefits of the Spieker special severance policy will become an
executive officer of Equity Office following the merger.

Under the special severance policy, Mr. Spieker will be
eligible to receive an estimated cash payment of approximately
$5.0 million as his base amount. In the event
Mr. Spieker is entitled to tax reimbursement as described
above, this amount could be as much as $3.3 million.
Mr. Foster will be eligible to receive an estimated cash
payment of approximately $5.0 million as his base amount.
In the event Mr. Foster is entitled to tax reimbursement as
described above, this amount could be as much as
$3.4 million. Mr. Vought will be eligible to receive
an estimated cash payment of approximately $5.0 million as
his base amount. In the event Mr. Vought is entitled to tax
reimbursement as described above, this amount could be as much
as $3.4 million. The four other most highly compensated
Spieker executive officers, Messrs. Russell, Schnugg, Rothstein
and Eddy, will be eligible to receive estimated cash payments of
approximately $2.5 million, $2.0 million,
$2.8 million and $1.6 million, respectively, as their
base amounts. If these four other most highly compensated
Spieker executive officers were entitled to tax reimbursements
as described above, these amounts could be as much as
$1.6 million, $1.1 million, $1.8 million and
$1.0 million, respectively. In addition, four other Spieker
executive officers will be eligible to receive cash payments in
the aggregate of approximately $7.2 million as their base
amounts. If these four other Spieker executive officers were
entitled to tax reimbursements as described above, this
aggregate amount could be as much as $3.7 million. Messrs.
French and Singleton also will be eligible to receive cash
payments of approximately $1.9 million and
$1.1 million, respectively, as their base amounts. Based on
Mr. Frenchs estimated base amount, it is unlikely
that he would be entitled to a tax reimbursement amount. If
Mr. Singleton was entitled to tax reimbursement as
described above, this amount could be as much as $642,000. The
calculation of the estimated cash payments under the special
severance policy assumes that Equity Offices obligations
under the policy are triggered immediately upon the closing of
the merger and that the merger will close on July 9, 2001.
The amounts shown include estimated 2001 bonuses through the
closing date. Neither Spieker nor Equity Office has yet
determined that any tax reimbursement payments would be required.

In addition, under the special severance policy the executive
officer and his or her eligible dependents will continue to be
eligible to participate in the medical, dental, disability and
life insurance plans and arrangements applicable to him or her
immediately before his or her termination of employment, on
substantially the same terms and conditions in effect
immediately before the termination. If such



participation is prohibited, equivalent coverage will be
purchased for the executive officer and his or her eligible
dependents with no greater after-tax cost to the executive
officer than he or she paid for coverage prior to being
terminated. Coverage will continue for three years from the date
of termination in the case of Messrs. Spieker, Foster,
Vought, French, Singleton and Rothstein and one other Spieker
executive officer and for two years from the date of termination
in the case of Messrs. Russell, Schnugg and Eddy and all
other eligible executive officers.

Tax Related Undertakings of EOP Partnership.
 Under the
merger agreement, EOP Partnership has agreed, for the benefit of
17 named individuals, not to sell, exchange or otherwise
dispose of, except in tax-free or tax-deferred transactions,
specified office properties comprising approximately
6.5 million square feet, or approximately 26.5% of Spieker
Partnerships office portfolio on a square footage basis,
and specified industrial properties comprising approximately
5.6 million square feet, or approximately 43.7% of Spieker
Partnerships industrial portfolio on a square footage
basis. These office and industrial properties comprise
approximately 12.1 million square feet, or approximately
32.3% of Spieker Partnerships total portfolio on a square
footage basis. These restrictions, which benefit
Messrs. Spieker, Foster, Vought, French, Singleton, Schnugg
and Eddy and one other Spieker executive officer, among others,
last for at least 10 years and, depending on whether the
unitholder enters into, and complies with the terms of, an
agreement not to sell specified percentages of their Equity
Office common shares and EOP Partnership units during the
initial 10 year restriction period, up to 20 years
after closing of the partnership merger. In addition, EOP
Partnership has agreed for tax purposes to make available to
these same named unitholders the opportunity to guarantee
specified debt of EOP Partnership for the same period and has
made specified other undertakings. These provisions are intended
to ensure that these unitholders, who originally contributed
properties to Spieker Partnership in exchange for Spieker
Partnership units, will be able to continue to defer the
otherwise substantial gain that would be recognized by them for
tax purposes as EOP Partnership unitholders upon a sale of any
one or more of these properties. See The Merger
Agreement  Tax Related Undertakings of EOP
Partnership beginning on page 86.

Loan Forgiveness. 
On April 20, 2000,
Mr. Rothstein borrowed $400,000 from Spieker for the
purpose of buying a personal residence. One-half of the loan
principal is interest bearing at an annual rate of 6.31%, and
the other half is non-interest bearing. The terms of the loan
provide that one-fifth of the non-interest bearing portion of
the loan will be forgiven each year, as long as
Mr. Rothstein continues to be employed by Spieker. The
terms of the loan also provide that upon a change in control of
Spieker, the outstanding principal balance of $360,000 and all
accrued interest on the loan will be forgiven. The accrued
interest to be forgiven assuming a June 30, 2001 closing
date for the merger is approximately $7,900. The merger will
constitute a change in control of Spieker for this purpose.

Acquisition of Spieker Northwest. 
In connection with the
merger, a subsidiary of Equity Office will purchase 100% of the
voting and 5% of the non-voting capital stock of Spieker
Northwest, Inc., a noncontrolled third-party service subsidiary
of Spieker, for an aggregate of $202,500 in cash from the
holders of that voting stock, who include Messrs. Spieker,
French and Singleton and one other individual, each of whom owns
25% of the voting capital stock of Spieker Northwest, Inc. and
1.25% of the non-voting.

BroadBand Restricted Stock Agreements. 
Spieker has
entered into restricted stock agreements with its executive
officers, among others, pursuant to which those executive
officers have been awarded shares of common stock of BroadBand
Office, Inc. In connection with the merger, the restrictions
with respect to those shares will lapse.

The following table sets forth the unvested BroadBand Office,
Inc. restricted shares held by Spieker directors and executive
officers, the vesting of which will be accelerated in connection
with the merger. The value of the unvested restricted shares at
the time of the awards was approximately $122,400 in the
aggregate.



Unvested

Name

Shares

Warren E. Spieker, Jr. 

104,000

John K. French

56,000

Dennis E. Singleton

16,000

John A. Foster

104,000

Craig G. Vought

232,000

Joseph D. Russell, Jr. 

56,000

Peter H. Schnugg

32,000

Stuart A. Rothstein

40,000

James C. Eddy

32,000

All other executive officers as a group
	(4 persons)

144,000

BroadBand Office, Inc. filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy
protection under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code on May 9,
2001. Therefore, such awards are not expected to have any value.

The Partnership Merger

In the partnership merger, EOP Partnership will acquire all
outstanding interests in Spieker Partnership through the merger
of Spieker Partnership with and into EOP Partnership and Spieker
Partnership will cease to exist. Holders of Spieker Partnership
units, other than Spieker Partnership preferred units, including
Spieker, will receive, for each Spieker Partnership unit issued
and outstanding immediately before the partnership merger
1.94462 EOP Partnership class A units, with fractional units
rounded to the whole number that is nearest to the number of EOP
Partnership class A units that otherwise would be paid to a
holder of Spieker Partnership units. The Spieker Partnership
preferred interests and units will be exchanged as follows:

 

	the series B cumulative redeemable preferred interest in
	Spieker Partnership will be exchanged for 4,250,000 EOP
	Partnership series E preferred units;

 

	the series C cumulative redeemable preferred interest in
	Spieker Partnership will be exchanged for 6,000,000 EOP
	Partnership series F preferred units; and

 

	the series E cumulative redeemable preferred interest in
	Spieker Partnership will be exchanged for 4,000,000 EOP
	Partnership series H preferred units.

In connection with the partnership merger, EOP Partnership and
Equity Office will file a registration statement on
Form S-4 to register the class A units of EOP Partnership
to be issued to Spieker Partnership unitholders and the Equity
Office common shares issuable to holders (other than Equity
Office) of units issued in the partnership merger if Equity
Office elects to assume, and make a payment in common shares
with respect to, EOP Partnerships obligation to redeem the
unitholders units under the partnership agreement of EOP
Partnership. That registration statement will contain a consent
solicitation/information statement/prospectus soliciting the
approval of Spieker Partnership unitholders to the principal
terms of the merger agreement and the partnership merger.

Under authority granted Equity Office, as general partner of EOP
Partnership, Equity Office has approved the partnership merger.
No vote or consent of unitholders of EOP Partnership is required
for approval of the partnership merger. The partnership
agreement of EOP Partnership requires the approval of the merger
by the consent of unitholders holding at least a majority of the
outstanding EOP Partnership units, including any EOP Partnership
units held by Equity Office. Equity Office owns more than a
majority of the outstanding EOP Partnership class A units
and all of the outstanding EOP Partnership preferred units, and
intends to take action by written consent, as permitted under
the partnership agreement of EOP Partnership, to approve the
merger on or about 10:00 a.m., Central Time, on Monday,
July 9, 2001.



California law requires the approval of the principal terms of
the partnership merger by at least a majority in interest of
each class of the outstanding Spieker Partnership units,
including any preferred Spieker Partnership units held by
Spieker. Spieker owns more than a majority of the outstanding
Spieker Partnership units, including all outstanding classes of
preferred units other than the series D preferred units of
Spieker Partnership, and intends to take action by written
consent, as permitted under California law, to approve the
principal terms of the partnership merger on or about
8:00 a.m., Pacific Time, on Monday, July 9, 2001. The
holders of Spieker Partnership series D preferred units
have already consented to the principal terms of the partnership
merger as described under The Merger Agreement 
Spieker Partnership Series D Preferred Units beginning on
page 85.

The required partnership level approvals of the partnership
merger and the merger are, therefore, assured. Neither the
merger nor the partnership merger will be completed if the
partners of EOP Partnership and Spieker Partnership approve the
partnership merger and the merger, as applicable, but the Equity
Office common shareholders or the Spieker common stockholders do
not approve the merger.

The merger will be completed as soon as practicable following
the partnership merger.

The merger agreement also provides that the former Spieker
Partnership unitholders, other than Spieker and its
subsidiaries, will have the right, beginning immediately after
the partnership merger, to redeem the EOP Partnership
class A units issued to them in the partnership merger in
accordance with the terms and limitations of the partnership
agreement of EOP Partnership. Upon redemption of these units,
these unitholders would receive cash from EOP Partnership or, if
Equity Office, as general partner, elects to assume the
obligation of EOP Partnership to redeem the units, Equity Office
common shares on a one-for-one basis or their cash equivalent,
at the election of Equity Office.

Merger Financing

Equity Office intends to finance the estimated
$1.187 billion in merger costs, including the approximately
$907 million cash portion of the consideration payable to
Spieker common stockholders under a new $1.0 billion bridge
facility to be entered into by EOP Partnership before the
closing of the partnership merger by EOP Partnership and by EOP
Partnership borrowing the remaining $187 million of merger costs
under its existing $1.0 billion credit facility. EOP Partnership
has received executed commitments from various lenders for the
entire $1.0 billion principal amount of the new bridge
financing. At March 31, 2001, EOP Partnership had
approximately $962 million of available borrowing capacity under
its existing credit facility. The bridge facility commitments
provide for a bridge facility with a term of 364 days and an
interest rate of LIBOR plus 80 basis points, subject to EOP
Partnerships credit rating. Equity Office will guarantee
any outstanding obligation under the bridge facility. EOP
Partnership and Equity Office have agreed, jointly and
severally, to pay a commitment fee of 20 basis points, or
$2.0 million, if the bridge facility is not refinanced
within 120 days from the date of funding. Equity Office
currently anticipates that EOP Partnership will refinance the
bridge facility within 120 days from the date of funding of the
bridge facility.

Regulatory Approvals

No material federal or state regulatory requirements must be
complied with or approvals must be obtained by Equity Office,
EOP Partnership, Spieker or Spieker Partnership in connection
with either the merger or the partnership merger.

Accounting Treatment

Equity Office will treat the merger as a purchase for financial
accounting purposes. This means that Equity Office will record
the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed at their
estimated fair values at the time the merger is completed.

Restrictions on Resales by Affiliates

The Equity Office common and preferred shares to be issued to
Spieker stockholders in the merger will be freely transferable
under the Securities Act, except for shares issued to any person
who may be deemed to be an affiliate of Spieker
within the meaning of Rule 145 under the Securities Act or
who



will become an affiliate of Equity Office within the
meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act after the merger.
Equity Office common shares received by persons who are deemed
to be Spieker affiliates or who become Equity Office affiliates
may be resold by these persons only in transactions permitted by
the limited resale provisions of Rule 145 or as otherwise
permitted under the Securities Act. Persons who may be deemed to
be affiliates of Spieker generally include individuals or
entities that, directly or indirectly through one or more
intermediaries, control, are controlled by or are under common
control with Spieker and may include officers, directors and
principal stockholders of Spieker. All Spieker stockholders who
may be deemed to be affiliates of Spieker will be so advised
before the completion of the merger.

Under the merger agreement, Spieker will use commercially
reasonable efforts to obtain an affiliate agreement from each
affiliate of Spieker before the completion of the merger by
which each Spieker affiliate will agree not to sell, transfer,
pledge or otherwise dispose of any of the Equity Office common
shares, Equity Office preferred shares, EOP Partnership units
and EOP Partnership preferred units received in the merger in
violation of the Securities Act or the rules and regulations
promulgated under the Securities Act. Generally, this will
require that all sales be made in accordance with Rule 145
under the Securities Act, which in turn requires that, for
specified periods, sales be made in compliance with the volume
limitations, manner of sale provisions and current information
requirements of Rule 144 under the Securities Act.

Equity Office has the right to place legends on the certificates
evidencing Equity Office common or preferred shares issued to
Spieker affiliates in the merger summarizing the foregoing
restrictions until a sale, transfer, pledge or other disposition
of the Equity Office common shares represented by these
certificates has been registered under the Securities Act or is
made in compliance with Rule 145 under the Securities Act.

Persons who are not affiliates of Spieker generally may sell
their Equity Office common or preferred shares without
restrictions and without delivering this joint proxy
statement/prospectus.

No Dissenters Rights

Spieker and Equity Office are organized under Maryland law.
Under the Maryland General Corporation Law, because shares of
Spieker common stock and series B, C and E preferred stock
were listed on a national securities exchange on the record date
for the Spieker special meeting, Spieker common and
series B, C and E preferred stockholders have no rights to
dissent and receive the appraised value of their shares in the
merger. The Spieker series A preferred stock was called for
redemption and was converted into Spieker common stock on
April 6, 2001. No shares of Spieker series D preferred
stock were outstanding on the record date for the Spieker
special meeting. Following the merger, Equity Office
shareholders will continue to own their Equity Office shares
and, accordingly, will have no rights to an appraisal of their
shares under Maryland law.

Spieker Litigation

On March 8, 2001, a purported class action complaint was
filed in the Superior Court of the State of California, County
of San Mateo, by an alleged Spieker stockholder. This complaint
names as defendants Spieker and each member of its board of
directors and principally alleges that the directors breached
duties assertedly owed to Spiekers stockholders in
connection with entering into the merger agreement. The
plaintiffs in the lawsuit seek an injunction (1) against
the defendants agreement to the termination fee provisions
of the merger agreement and (2) requiring an unspecified
fair and objective process to sell the company. On
April 20, 2001, the defendants jointly moved to dismiss the
complaint or, in the alternative, strike portions of the
complaint. On May 7, 2001, plaintiff advised that it will
withdraw its original complaint and file an amended complaint.
Spieker intends to continue vigorously defending the lawsuit.



THE MERGER AGREEMENT

The following is a summary of the material terms of the
merger agreement, as amended, but does not describe all the
terms of the merger agreement. The full text of the merger
agreement is attached at the back of this joint proxy
statement/prospectus as 
Annex A
. You are urged to read
the merger agreement in its entirety because it is the legal
document that governs the merger.

Closing; Effective Time of the Merger

The completion of the merger will occur no later than the third
business day after the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions
set forth in the merger agreement or at such other date or time
as may be agreed in writing by Equity Office and Spieker. If the
merger agreement and the merger are approved at the special
meetings, Equity Office and Spieker currently expect to complete
the merger promptly following receipt of shareholder approval.

As soon as practicable after all conditions to the completion of
the merger and the partnership merger are satisfied, and after
the filing of articles of merger for the partnership merger,
Equity Office and Spieker will execute and file articles of
merger with the State Department of Assessments and Taxation of
Maryland relating to the merger. The effective time of the
merger will be the time specified in the articles of merger.

Merger Consideration

In the merger:

 

	holders of Spieker common stock will receive, for each share of
	Spieker common stock issued and outstanding immediately before
	the merger, $13.50 in cash and 1.49586 Equity Office common
	shares;

 

	holders of Spieker series B preferred stock will receive,
	for each share of Spieker series B preferred stock issued
	and outstanding immediately before the merger, one Equity Office
	series E preferred share;

 

	holders of Spieker series C preferred stock will receive,
	for each share of Spieker series C preferred stock issued
	and outstanding immediately before the merger, one Equity Office
	series F preferred share; and

 

	holders of Spieker series E preferred stock will receive,
	for each share of Spieker series E preferred stock issued
	and outstanding immediately before the merger, one Equity Office
	series H preferred share.

The Equity Office series E, F and H preferred shares
issued in the merger will have preferences, conversion and other
rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to
dividends, qualifications and terms or conditions of redemption
identical to those of the shares of the corresponding series of
Spieker preferred stock.

Holders of Spieker common stock will not receive certificates or
scrip representing fractional Equity Office common shares.
Instead, each holder of Spieker common stock otherwise entitled
to a fractional share interest in Equity Office will be paid an
amount in cash, without interest, rounded to the nearest cent,
determined by multiplying:

 

	the average closing price of an Equity Office common share on
	the NYSE on the five trading days immediately preceding the
	closing date of the merger by

 

	the fraction of an Equity Office common share which such holder
	of Spieker common stock would otherwise be entitled to receive.

Except as otherwise agreed, the merger will be completed on the
closing date of the partnership merger with at least one hour
between the partnership merger and the merger. Upon conversion
of the



outstanding shares of Spieker common stock and preferred stock
into the merger consideration, the Spieker common stock and
preferred stock will be cancelled and retired and will cease to
exist.

Because the exchange ratio is fixed at 1.49586 for the portion
of the aggregate merger consideration that is payable in Equity
Office common shares, the market value of any Equity Office
common shares you will receive in the merger may differ from the
market value of the Equity Office common shares if the merger
occurred today. On June 5, 2001, the most recent date
practicable for obtaining pricing information for Equity Office
common shares prior to mailing this joint proxy
statement/prospectus, the closing price of Equity Office common
shares was $29.55 per share, which, based on the 1.49586
exchange ratio and the $13.50 cash amount per share, would equal
a market value equivalent per share of Spieker common stock of
$57.70 had the merger been completed on that date, as adjusted
to give effect to the portion of the aggregate merger
consideration payable in cash and to the portion of the
aggregate merger consideration payable in Equity Office common
shares.

Surrender of Spieker Stock Certificates

Equity Office has appointed EquiServe L.P. to act as
exchange agent for the purpose of paying the merger
consideration. Equity Office will make available to the exchange
agent, on or before the effective time of the merger, the cash
and securities certificates for that purpose.

Equity Office will use commercially reasonable efforts to cause
the exchange agent within five days after the closing of the
merger to send to each holder of Spieker common or preferred
stock, a letter of transmittal for use in the exchange and
instructions explaining how to surrender certificates to the
exchange agent. Holders of Spieker common or preferred stock
whose shares are converted into the right to receive the merger
consideration and who surrender their certificates to the
exchange agent, together with a properly completed and signed
letter of transmittal, as the case may be, will receive the
merger consideration.

Holders of unexchanged shares of Spieker common or preferred
stock will not be entitled to receive any dividends, interest
payments or other distributions payable by Equity Office on the
Equity Office common or preferred shares until surrender of
their common or preferred stock. Upon surrender, those holders
will receive accumulated dividends and distributions, without
interest, payable on Equity Office common or preferred shares,
as applicable, after and in respect of a record date following
the closing of the merger, together with cash instead of
fractional shares.

Possible Redesignation of Equity Office Preferred Shares and
EOP Partnership Preferred Units to be Issued in the Merger and
the Partnership Merger

The merger agreement, as amended, permits Equity Office and EOP
Partnership to redesignate the series of preferred shares and
preferred units to be issued in the merger and the partnership
merger to enable Equity Office and EOP Partnership to issue
consecutively-numbered series of preferred shares and preferred
units. For example, the amended merger agreement permits Equity
Office:

 

	to redesignate as series D preferred shares its
	series E preferred shares to be issued in the merger in exchange
	for issued and outstanding Spieker series B preferred shares;

 

	to redesignate as series E preferred shares its
	series F preferred shares to be issued in the merger in exchange
	for issued and outstanding Spieker series C preferred shares; and

 

	to redesignate as series F preferred shares its
	series H preferred shares to be issued in the merger in exchange
	for issued and outstanding Spieker series E preferred shares.

In addition, the amended merger agreement would permit EOP
Partnership:

 

	to redesignate as series D preferred units its
	series E preferred units to be issued in the partnership merger
	in exchange for issued and outstanding Spieker series B
	preferred units;



 

	to redesignate as series E preferred units its
	series F preferred units to be issued in the partnership merger
	in exchange for issued and outstanding Spieker series C
	preferred units; and

 

	to redesignate as series F preferred units its
	series H preferred units to be issued in the partnership merger
	in exchange for issued and outstanding Spieker series E
	preferred units.

The redesignation of preferred shares or preferred units under
the amended merger agreement is subject to the repurchase of the
Spieker series D preferred units immediately prior to the
partnership merger. See Spieker Partnership Series D
Preferred Units beginning on page 84. Apart from
redesignating the Equity Office preferred shares and EOP
Partnership preferred units to be issued in the merger and the
partnership merger and eliminating references within the
articles supplementary for each series of Equity Office
preferred shares and in each newly created series of EOP
Partnership preferred units to be issued in the merger and the
partnership merger to series of Equity Office preferred shares
or EOP Partnership preferred units that will not be issued in
the merger and the partnership merger,

 

	the articles supplementary for the redesignated Equity Office
	series D, E and F preferred shares will otherwise be
	substantially in the form set forth as exhibits to the
	registration statement of which this document is a part, and

 

	the amendments to the EOP Partnership agreement to provide for
	the creation of the redesignated EOP Partnership series D, E and
	F preferred units will otherwise be substantially in the form
	set forth as an exhibit to the registration statement of which
	this document is a part.

Treatment of Spieker Stock Options

Each Spieker stock option outstanding under Spiekers
Amended and Restated 1993 Directors Stock Option Plan and
Spiekers Amended and Restated 1993 Stock Incentive Plan,
whether or not then vested or exercisable, will become fully
vested in connection with the merger pursuant to the plan under
which it was issued and in any event no later than the day
before the merger closes. Each outstanding Spieker stock option
will be automatically converted upon the completion of the
merger into an option to purchase Equity Office common shares.
The substituted Equity Office option will permit its holder to
purchase a number of Equity Office common shares equal to the
number of shares of Spieker common stock that could have been
purchased, under the corresponding Spieker stock option,
multiplied by 1.94462 (rounded down to the nearest whole number
of shares). The exercise price per Equity Office common share of
the substituted option will be equal to the per-share option
exercise price specified in the Spieker stock option divided by
1.94462 (rounded up to the nearest whole cent). Each substituted
option otherwise will be subject to the same terms and
conditions as the corresponding Spieker stock option.

All Spieker stock options will be converted in the merger into
options to purchase Equity Office common shares under the terms
of the merger agreement. Under the merger agreement, EOP
Partnership will offer to purchase all Spieker stock options
converted into Equity Office options for an amount in cash equal
to:

 

	the excess, if any, of $58.50 over the exercise price of the
	Spieker stock option; multiplied by

 

	the number of shares of Spieker common stock subject to that
	Spieker stock option.

Options to purchase Equity Office common shares that are not
tendered to EOP Partnership as described above would remain
outstanding under their terms. Under voting agreements entered
into with Equity Office, directors and executive officers of
Spieker holding a total of 3,417,752 Spieker stock options
with an average exercise price of $32.41 per Spieker share
have agreed to tender their options to EOP Partnership.

Severance and Bonus Payments

Equity Office will make severance payments under the Spieker
special severance policy to any participant who becomes entitled
to payments under the policy because of a termination of
employment occurring on or after the closing of the merger,
unless the participant is terminated for cause or resigns



voluntarily with good reason, as further described in the
special severance policy. See The Merger 
Conflicts of Interest of Spieker Directors and Executive
Officers in the Merger and the Partnership Merger
beginning on page 58. Equity Office also will pay
development bonuses to specified Spieker employees, if earned,
and will assume Spiekers obligations to pay annual bonuses
to employees not covered by the special severance policy and
these bonuses will be payable to such employees who are
terminated by Equity Office, unless terminated for inadequate
performance, before January 1, 2002. These bonuses will be
payable to the extent accrued for the year 2001 through the date
of termination and will be calculated based on actual bonuses
paid in 2000, assuming such bonuses reflected a full year of
employment.

Representations and Warranties of Equity Office and
Spieker

The merger agreement contains customary representations and
warranties by each of Spieker, Spieker Partnership, Equity
Office and EOP Partnership relating to, among other things:

 

	due organization and good standing;

 

	capital structure;

 

	authorization to enter into the merger agreement and to
	consummate the merger or the partnership merger, as applicable;

 

	enforceability of the merger agreement;

 

	no breach of organizational documents or material agreements as
	a result of the merger agreement or the consummation of the
	merger or the partnership merger, as applicable;

 

	required governmental and third-party consents;

 

	compliance with SEC reporting requirements;

 

	no material undisclosed liabilities;

 

	no changes since December 31, 1999 that would have a
	material adverse effect;

 

	no material legal proceedings;

 

	real property;

 

	environmental matters;

 

	tax matters, including qualification as a REIT;

 

	finders fees;

 

	compliance with laws;

 

	contracts and debt instruments;

 

	receipt of opinion of financial advisor;

 

	exemption from anti-takeover statutes;

 

	inapplicability of the Investment Company Act of 1940; and

 

	required stockholder and partner approvals.

In addition to the representations and warranties made by both
Equity Office and Spieker, the merger agreement contains
additional representations and warranties made by each of
Spieker and Spieker Partnership relating to, among other things:

 

	disclosure of all related party transactions;

 

	appropriate funding of employee benefit plans and compliance
	with applicable regulations;

 

	disclosure of all payments to employees, officers and directors
	as a result of the merger or the partnership merger or a
	termination of service after the merger or the partnership
	merger; and

 

	action by the board of directors to render the stockholder
	rights plan inapplicable to the merger and the partnership
	merger.



Conduct of Business of Equity Office and EOP Partnership
Pending the Merger

Until the completion of the merger, each of Equity Office and
EOP Partnership has agreed that, unless permitted by obtaining
Spiekers prior written consent or except as contemplated
by the merger agreement, it will, and will cause its
subsidiaries to, among other things:

 

	preserve intact its business organizations and goodwill;

 

	use commercially reasonable efforts to keep available the
	services of its officers and employees;

 

	confer on a regular basis with Spieker to report material
	operational matters that would reasonably be expected to have a
	material adverse effect on the business, properties, assets,
	financial condition or results of operations of Equity Office
	and its subsidiaries taken as a whole;

 

	promptly notify Spieker of the occurrence or existence of any
	change or circumstance that would reasonably be expected to have
	a material adverse effect on the business, properties, assets,
	financial condition or results of operations of Equity Office
	and its subsidiaries taken as a whole;

 

	promptly deliver to Spieker true and correct copies of any
	report, statement, schedule or other document filed with the SEC;

 

	maintain its books and records in accordance with generally
	accepted accounting principles consistently applied, and not
	change any of its methods, principles or practices of accounting
	in any material manner, except as required by the SEC,
	applicable law or generally accepted accounting principles; and

 

	duly and timely file all reports, tax returns and other
	documents required to be filed with federal, state, local and
	other authorities, subject to extensions permitted by law,
	provided the extensions do not adversely affect Equity
	Offices status as a qualified REIT under the Internal
	Revenue Code.

In addition, pending the merger, each of Equity Office and EOP
Partnership has agreed that, without Spiekers prior
written consent or except as otherwise expressly contemplated by
the merger agreement, it will not, and will cause its
subsidiaries not to, among other things:

 

	make or rescind any express or deemed election relating to taxes
	unless required by law or necessary to qualify or preserve
	Equity Offices status as a REIT or the status of any
	subsidiary of Equity Office as a partnership for federal income
	tax purposes, as a qualified REIT subsidiary, or as a taxable
	REIT subsidiary as defined under the Internal Revenue Code, as
	the case may be;

 

	amend its organizational documents, except in specified
	instances, including the proposed amendments to Equity
	Offices declaration of trust described in this joint proxy
	statement/prospectus;

 

	authorize, declare, set aside or pay any dividend, other than
	regular quarterly dividends, or regular distributions under the
	partnership agreement of EOP Partnership, or redemptions of EOP
	Partnership units under the partnership agreement of EOP
	Partnership where solely Equity Office common shares are used,
	or redemptions of Equity Office common shares under its
	declaration of trust to maintain REIT status;

 

	enter into or agree to effect

  

	any merger, acquisition, consolidation, reorganization or other
	business combination with any third party in which Equity Office
	is not the surviving party to the transaction; or

  

	any merger, acquisition, exchange offer or other business
	combination with a third party in which Equity Office is the
	surviving party that would result in the issuance of equity
	securities representing in excess of 25% of the outstanding
	Equity Office common shares on the date any business combination
	is entered into or agreed to;

unless, in either case,

  

	the business combination is approved by Spieker, which approval
	will not be unreasonably withheld or delayed; or



  

	the business combination agreement provides that the required
	vote of Equity Office shareholders for approval of the business
	combination is no less than the affirmative vote of holders of
	Equity Office common shares representing more than 50% of the
	sum of the number of Equity Office common shares outstanding at
	the time of the approval plus 50,000,000; or

 

	authorize, recommend, propose or announce an intention to do any
	of the foregoing prohibited actions, or enter into any contract,
	agreement, commitment or arrangement to do any of the foregoing
	prohibited actions.

Conduct of Business of Spieker and Spieker Partnership
Pending the Merger

Until the completion of the merger, each of Spieker and Spieker
Partnership has agreed that, unless permitted by obtaining
Equity Offices prior written consent or except as
contemplated by the merger agreement, it will, and will cause
its subsidiaries to, among other things:

 

	conduct its business, and cause its subsidiaries to conduct
	their respective businesses, only in the ordinary course and in
	a manner which is substantially consistent with past practice;

 

	use commercially reasonable efforts to preserve intact its
	business organizations and goodwill;

 

	use commercially reasonable efforts, provided it does not
	require additional compensation, to keep available the services
	of its officers and employees;

 

	confer on a regular basis with Equity Office to report material
	operational matters and, except in specified instances, any
	proposals to engage in material transactions;

 

	promptly notify Equity Office of the occurrence or existence of
	any circumstance that would reasonably be expected to have a
	material adverse effect on the business, properties, assets,
	financial condition or results of operations of Spieker and its
	subsidiaries taken as a whole;

 

	promptly deliver to Equity Office true and correct copies of any
	report, statement, schedule or other document filed with the SEC;

 

	maintain its books and records in accordance with generally
	accepted accounting principles consistently applied, and not
	change any of its methods, principles or practices of accounting
	in any material manner, except as required by the SEC,
	applicable law or generally accepted accounting principles;

 

	duly and timely file all reports, tax returns and other
	documents required to be filed with federal, state, local and
	other authorities, subject to extensions permitted by law,
	provided that Spieker notifies Equity Office of any extensions
	and provided that the extensions do not adversely affect
	Spiekers status as a qualified REIT under the Internal
	Revenue Code; and

 

	maintain in full force and effect insurance coverage
	substantially similar to insurance coverage maintained on the
	date of the merger agreement.

In addition, pending the merger, each of Spieker and Spieker
Partnership has agreed that, without Equity Offices prior
written consent or except as contemplated by the merger
agreement, it will not, and will cause its subsidiaries not to,
among other things:

 

	make or rescind any express or deemed election relating to taxes
	unless required by law or necessary to qualify or preserve
	Spiekers status as a REIT or the status of any subsidiary
	of Spieker as a partnership for federal income tax purposes, as
	a qualified REIT subsidiary, or as a taxable REIT subsidiary as
	defined under the Internal Revenue Code, as the case may be;

 

	acquire, enter into any option to acquire, or exercise an option
	or other right or election or enter into any commitment for the
	acquisition of any real property or, except as permitted in a
	property capital budget approved in writing by Equity Office,
	other transaction, other than specified transactions, involving
	in excess of $100,000, encumber assets, commence construction of
	or enter into any commitment to develop or construct real estate
	projects, except in the ordinary course of



	its office property business, including leasing activities
	permitted by Equity Office approved guidelines;

 

	incur or enter into any commitment to incur additional debt,
	except for working capital under its revolving line(s) of credit
	and commitments for debt for specified purposes and not in
	excess of specified amounts;

 

	modify, amend or terminate, or enter into any commitment to
	modify, amend or terminate, any debt in existence on the date of
	the merger agreement;

 

	amend its organizational documents;

 

	classify or re-classify any unissued shares of stock;

 

	make any change in the number of shares of capital stock,
	membership interests or units of limited partnership interest
	issued and outstanding, except in specified instances;

 

	grant options or any other rights or commitments relating to its
	shares of capital stock, membership interests or units of
	limited partnership interest, or any security convertible into
	its shares of capital stock, membership interests or units of
	limited partnership interest, or any security the value of which
	is measured by shares of beneficial interest, or any security
	subordinated to the claim of its general creditors;

 

	amend or waive any rights under any options or other stock
	rights;

 

	authorize, declare, set aside or pay any dividend or make any
	other distribution or payment with respect to the Spieker common
	or preferred stock or the units of limited partnership interest
	in Spieker Partnership, other than regular quarterly dividends,
	or regular distributions under the partnership agreement of
	Spieker Partnership, or redemptions of Spieker Partnership units
	under the partnership agreement of Spieker Partnership where
	solely Spieker common stock is used, or as necessary to maintain
	REIT status;

 

	directly or indirectly redeem, purchase or acquire any shares of
	capital stock, membership interests or units of partnership
	interest or any option, warrant or right to acquire, or security
	convertible into, shares of capital stock, membership interests
	or units of partnership interest of Spieker or any Spieker
	subsidiary, other than redemptions of Spieker Partnership units
	under the partnership agreement of Spieker Partnership where
	solely Spieker common stock is used, and the use of Spieker
	common stock in connection with equity-based employee benefit
	plans or as necessary to maintain REIT status;

 

	sell, lease, mortgage, subject to lien or otherwise dispose of
	any real property, except in specified instances;

 

	sell, lease, mortgage, subject to lien or otherwise dispose of
	any personal property or intangible property, except in the
	ordinary course of business and as is not material, individually
	or in the aggregate;

 

	make any loans, advances or capital contributions to, or
	investments in, any other person, except in specified instances;

 

	enter into any new, or amend or supplement any existing,
	contract, lease or other agreement with Spieker Northwest, Inc.;

 

	pay, discharge or satisfy any claims, liabilities or obligations
	whether absolute, accrued, asserted or unasserted, contingent or
	otherwise, except in specified instances;

 

	guarantee the debt of another person, enter into any keep
	well or other agreement to maintain any financial
	statement condition of another person or enter into any
	arrangement having the same economic effect;



 

	enter into any commitment with any officer, director or
	affiliate of Spieker, any of its subsidiaries or Spieker
	Northwest, Inc. or any material commitment with any consultant;

 

	increase any compensation or enter into or amend any employment,
	severance or other arrangement with any of its officers,
	directors or employees earning more than $50,000 per year, other
	than as required by any contract or plan or as provided by
	waivers by employees of benefits under these agreements;

 

	adopt any new employee benefit plan or amend any existing plans
	or rights;

 

	settle any stockholder derivative or class action claims arising
	out of or in connection with any of the transactions
	contemplated by the merger agreement;

 

	change the ownership of any of its subsidiaries or Spieker
	Northwest, Inc., except in specified instances;

 

	accept a promissory note in payment of the exercise price
	payable under any option to purchase shares of Spieker common
	stock;

 

	enter into any oral or written tax protection
	agreement that:

  

	prohibits or restricts in any manner the disposition of any
	assets of Spieker or any Spieker subsidiary, including Spieker
	Northwest, Inc.;

  

	requires that Spieker, any Spieker subsidiary or Spieker
	Northwest, Inc. maintain, or put in place, or replace, debt,
	whether or not secured by one or more of Spiekers
	properties;

  

	requires that Spieker, any Spieker subsidiary or Spieker
	Northwest, Inc. offer to any person at any time the opportunity
	to guarantee or otherwise assume, directly or indirectly,
	including through a deficit restoration obligation
	guarantee, indemnification agreement or other similar
	arrangement, the risk of loss for federal income tax purposes
	for debt or other liabilities of Spieker, any Spieker subsidiary
	or Spieker Northwest, Inc.;

  

	specifies or relates to a method of taking into account book-tax
	disparities under section 704(c) of the Internal Revenue
	Code with respect to one or more assets of Spieker or a Spieker
	subsidiary; or

  

	requires a particular method for allocating one or more
	liabilities of Spieker or any Spieker subsidiary under
	section 752 of the Internal Revenue Code;

 

	settle or compromise any material federal, state, local or
	foreign tax liability; or

 

	authorize, recommend, propose or announce an intention to do any
	of the foregoing prohibited actions, or enter into any contract,
	agreement, commitment or arrangement to do any of the foregoing
	prohibited actions.

 Pre-Merger Dividends and Distributions

Regular Dividends

Under the merger agreement, Spieker is permitted to continue to
pay regular quarterly dividends on its common stock of $0.70 per
share and on the preferred stock at the stated rate. On
March 7, 2001, Spieker declared a dividend of $0.70 per
share payable on April 20, 2001 to holders of record of its
common stock on March 30, 2001. Spieker does not plan to
declare and pay any further regular quarterly dividends if the
merger closes on or before July 13, 2001. If the merger
closes after July 13, 2001, Spieker currently intends to
continue to pay regular quarterly dividends for the quarter
ending June 30, 2001 and for any additional quarterly
periods ending before the closing of the merger.

The merger agreement contemplates that Spieker will have
presented to Equity Office, by March 24, 2001, a financial
plan showing the expected management of its operations in a
manner that will avoid the need to pay a final pre-merger
dividend, as described below. The Spieker financial plan will
include



projected required quarterly dividends per share of Spieker
common stock necessary to ensure that no final pre-merger
dividend will be required to be paid with respect to the Spieker
common stock, which quarterly dividends will be not less than
$0.70 per share of Spieker common stock or result in a
return of capital per share of Spieker common stock
that exceeds one percent of the projected dividends per share.

Upon the approval of the plan by Equity Office, not to be
unreasonably withheld, Spieker will be entitled to increase the
quarterly dividend per share of Spieker common stock to the
amount shown in the plan. If Spieker increases any quarterly
dividend per share of Spieker common stock to an amount greater
than $0.70 per share, Equity Office will be entitled to declare
a special dividend per Equity Office common share in an amount
per Equity Office common share equal to the aggregate amount of
quarterly dividends per share of Spieker common stock declared
or paid by Spieker in excess of $0.70 per share per quarter,
divided by 1.94462. If Equity Office declares this dividend, EOP
Partnership will simultaneously declare a distribution to the
holders of class A units of limited partnership interest in
EOP Partnership in an amount per unit equal to the dividend per
share to be paid to the holders of Equity Office common shares.
The record date for each of the Equity Office dividend and the
EOP Partnership distribution will be the last business day
before the closing of the merger.

Because Spieker will not pay any additional quarterly dividends
if the merger closes on or before July 13, 2001, the
provisions described in the preceding two paragraphs would not
be operative unless the merger closes after July 13, 2001.

Final Dividend

In addition to regular quarterly distributions, as described
above, the merger agreement provides that Spieker will declare a
final dividend to holders of shares of Spieker common stock, and
each series of Spieker preferred stock, if and to the extent
required by the terms of the preferred stock, in an amount equal
to the minimum amount necessary for Spieker to satisfy the REIT
distribution requirements under section 857(a)(1) of the
Internal Revenue Code and to avoid the payment of corporate
level tax with respect to any undistributed income or gain for
Spiekers short taxable year ending at the time of the
merger. Section 857(a)(1) requires a REIT to distribute to
its stockholders each taxable year an amount equal to 90% of its
REIT taxable income. In addition, a REIT is required
to pay tax on any income or gain that it does not distribute to
its shareholders, even if it satisfies the 90% distribution
requirement.

If Spieker pays a pre-merger dividend to satisfy the
distribution requirements described above, Equity Office will be
entitled to declare a dividend to holders of Equity Office
common shares in an amount per share equal to the amount per
share of the pre-merger dividend paid by Spieker to holders of
Spieker common stock, divided by 1.94462.

If Spieker declares a pre-merger dividend as described above,
Spieker Partnership will simultaneously declare a distribution
to the unitholders in Spieker Partnership, other than to the
preferred unitholders, in an amount per unit equal to the
dividend per share to be paid to the holders of Spieker common
stock, together with any distributions required to be paid to
holders of preferred units of limited partnership interest in
Spieker Partnership because of any of the dividends described
above. If Equity Office declares a pre-merger dividend as
described above, EOP Partnership will simultaneously declare a
distribution to the holders of class A units of limited
partnership interest in EOP Partnership in an amount per unit
equal to the dividend per share to be paid to the holders of
Equity Office common shares. If the terms of any Equity Office
preferred shares or EOP Partnership preferred units of limited
partnership interest require the payment of a dividend because
of the corresponding dividends to holders of Equity Office
common shares or EOP Partnership common units of limited
partnership interests, Equity Office and EOP Partnership will
declare the required dividends and distributions.

If Spieker and Equity Office declare pre-merger dividends as
described above, the Spieker dividend will be paid on the last
business day before the closing of the merger. The record date
for the Equity Office and Spieker dividends also will be on the
last business day before the closing of the merger.



 Conditions to the Merger and the Partnership Merger

Conditions to Each
Partys Obligations to Effect the Merger and the
Partnership Merger

The obligations of Spieker, Spieker Partnership, Equity Office
and EOP Partnership to complete the merger and the partnership
merger are subject to the satisfaction or, where permissible,
waiver of the following conditions:

 

	the approval of the merger, the partnership merger and the
	merger agreement, as applicable, by the affirmative vote of the
	holders of:

  

	at least a majority of the outstanding Equity Office common
	shares;

  

	at least a majority of the outstanding shares of Spieker common
	stock;

  

	that percentage of limited partner interests and classes of
	those interests in Spieker Partnership, including partner
	interests held by Spieker, as provided by the partnership
	agreement of Spieker Partnership and California law; and

  

	at least a majority of all class A units of limited
	partnership interest in EOP Partnership, including class A
	units of limited partnership interest held by Equity Office;

 

	the approval of the amendments to the Equity Office declaration
	of trust to be effected as part of the merger by the affirmative
	vote of the holders of at least a majority of the outstanding
	Equity Office common shares;

 

	the waiting period, if any, under the Hart-Scott-Rodino
	Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 will have expired or been
	terminated;

 

	the NYSE will have approved for listing the Equity Office common
	shares, the Equity Office series E preferred shares, the
	Equity Office series  F preferred shares and the Equity
	Office series H preferred shares to be issued in the merger
	and the Equity Office common shares reserved for issuance upon
	redemption of the EOP Partnership class  A units to be
	issued in the partnership merger, subject to official notice of
	issuance, before the closing of the merger;

 

	the registration statement on Form S-4 of which this proxy
	statement/ prospectus forms a part will have become effective
	and will not be the subject of any stop order or proceedings by
	the SEC seeking a stop order;

 

	the registration statement on Form S-4 relating to the
	partnership merger of which the consent solicitation/information
	statement/ prospectus forms a part will have become effective
	and will not be the subject of any stop order or proceedings by
	the SEC seeking a stop order;

 

	no temporary restraining order, preliminary or permanent
	injunction or other order issued by any court of competent
	jurisdiction or other legal restraint or prohibition preventing
	the completion of the mergers or any of the other transactions
	contemplated by the merger agreement will be in effect; and

 

	Equity Office and EOP Partnership will have received all state
	securities or blue sky permits and other
	authorizations necessary to issue the Equity Office common
	shares issuable in the merger and the EOP Partnership units
	issuable in the partnership merger.

Conditions to the
Obligations of Equity Office and EOP Partnership to Effect the
Merger and the 

      Partnership Merger

The obligations of Equity Office and EOP Partnership to complete
the mergers are subject to the satisfaction or, where
permissible, waiver of the following conditions:

 

	each of the representations and warranties of Spieker and
	Spieker Partnership contained in the merger agreement,
	disregarding exceptions for no material adverse
	effect, will be true and correct as of the date of the
	merger agreement and as of the closing of the merger:



  

	except to the extent that these representations and warranties
	are expressly limited by their terms to another date, in which
	case these representations and warranties will be true and
	correct as of that other date; and

  

	except where the failure of these representations and warranties
	to be true and correct would not, individually or in the
	aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Spieker material
	adverse effect, as described below;

 

	Spieker and Spieker Partnership will have performed in all
	material respects all obligations required to be performed by
	them under the merger agreement at or before the completion of
	the merger;

 

	since February 22, 2001, there will have been no Spieker
	material adverse effect, as described below;

 

	Equity Office will have received a certificate of an officer of
	Spieker certifying to each of the above;

 

	Equity Office will have received an opinion, dated as of the
	closing date of the merger:

  

	from counsel to Spieker relating to the REIT status of Spieker
	and the partnership status of Spieker Partnership;

  

	from counsel to Equity Office relating to the REIT status of
	Equity Office;

  

	from counsel to Equity Office relating to the federal income tax
	treatment of the merger; and

  

	from counsel to Spieker relating to the inapplicability of
	specified roll-up rules to the partnership merger;

 

	all of the voting shares of Spieker Northwest, Inc. will
	have been transferred to an Equity Office subsidiary designated
	by Equity Office; and

 

	each of Messrs. Spieker, Foster and Vought will have
	entered into a nonsolicitation agreement with Equity Office.

As used in the merger agreement, a Spieker material
adverse effect means any circumstance, event, occurrence,
change or effect that is materially adverse to the business,
properties, assets (tangible or intangible), financial condition
or results of operations of Spieker, Spieker Partnership and the
Spieker subsidiaries, taken as a whole, except, in each case, as
a result of:

 

	changes in general economic conditions nationally or regionally;

 

	changes affecting the real estate industry generally which do
	not affect Spieker or Spieker Partnership, as the case may be,
	materially disproportionately relative to other participants in
	the real estate industry similarly situated; or

 

	in and of itself and without the occurrence of any other Spieker
	material adverse effect, changes in the trading prices of
	Spieker common stock or any series of Spieker preferred stock.

Conditions to the
Obligations of Spieker and Spieker Partnership to Effect the
Merger and the 

      Partnership Merger

The obligations of Spieker and Spieker Partnership to complete
the merger and the partnership merger are subject to the
satisfaction or, where permissible, waiver of the following
conditions:

 

	each of the representations and warranties of Equity Office and
	EOP Partnership contained in the merger agreement, disregarding
	exceptions for no material adverse effect, will be
	true and correct as of the date of the merger agreement and as
	of the closing of the merger:

  

	except to the extent that these representations and warranties
	are expressly limited by their terms to another date, in which
	case these representations and warranties will be true and
	correct as of that other date; and



  

	except where the failure of these representations and warranties
	to be true and correct would not reasonably be expected to have
	an Equity Office material adverse effect, as described below;

 

	Equity Office and EOP Partnership will have performed in all
	material respects all obligations required to be performed by
	them under the merger agreement at or before the completion of
	the merger;

 

	since February 22, 2001, there will have been no Equity
	Office material adverse effect, as described below;

 

	Spieker will have received a certificate of an officer of Equity
	Office certifying to each of the foregoing; and

 

	Spieker will have received an opinion, dated as of the closing
	date of the merger:

  

	from counsel to Equity Office relating to the REIT status of
	Equity Office and the partnership status of EOP Partnership; and

  

	from counsel to Spieker relating to the federal income tax
	treatment of the merger.

As used in the merger agreement, an Equity Office material
adverse effect means any circumstance, event, occurrence,
change or effect that is materially adverse to the business,
properties, assets (tangible or intangible), financial condition
or results of operations of Equity Office, EOP Partnership and
the Equity Office subsidiaries, taken as a whole, except, in
each case, as a result of:

 

	changes in general economic conditions nationally or regionally;

 

	changes affecting the real estate industry generally which do
	not affect Equity Office or EOP Partnership, as the case may be,
	materially disproportionately relative to other participants in
	the real estate industry similarly situated; or

 

	in and of itself and without the occurrence of any other Equity
	Office material adverse effect, changes in the trading prices of
	Equity Office common shares or any series of Equity Office
	preferred shares.

No Solicitation by Spieker

Spieker has agreed, for itself and for Spieker Partnership, that
neither Spieker nor any Spieker subsidiary will, or will permit
any officer, director, employee, affiliate, agent, investment
banker, financial advisor, attorney, accountant, broker, finder,
consultant or other agent or representative, which we
collectively refer to as Spiekers
representatives, to:

 

	invite, initiate, solicit or encourage, directly or indirectly,
	any inquiries, proposals, discussions or negotiations or the
	making or implementation of any proposal or offer, including any
	proposal or offer to its stockholders, with respect to an
	alternative acquisition proposal, as defined below;

 

	engage in any discussions or negotiations with or provide any
	confidential or non-public information or data to, or afford
	access to properties, books or records to, any person relating
	to, or that may reasonably be expected to lead to, an
	alternative acquisition proposal;

 

	enter into any letter of intent, agreement in principle or
	agreement relating to an alternative acquisition proposal;

 

	propose publicly to agree to do any of the foregoing; or

 

	otherwise facilitate any effort or attempt to make or implement
	an alternative acquisition proposal, including by amending or
	granting any waiver under the Spieker stockholder rights plan.

Spieker has agreed, for itself and for Spieker Partnership, that
it will:

 

	immediately cease and cause to be terminated any existing
	activities, discussions or negotiations with any persons or
	entities conducted before the merger agreement with respect to
	any alternative



	acquisition proposal, and inform each Spieker representative and
	cause each of them to comply with this obligation;

 

	request that each person, if any, that has executed a
	confidentiality agreement in the twenty-four months before the
	date of the merger agreement in connection with the
	consideration by the person of any alternative acquisition
	proposal to return or destroy all confidential information
	furnished to that person by or on behalf of Spieker and its
	subsidiaries; and

 

	notify Equity Office promptly if Spieker or any of its
	subsidiaries or any Spieker representative receives:

  

	an alternative acquisition proposal or any amendment or change
	in any previously received alternative acquisition proposal;

  

	any request for confidential or nonpublic information or data
	relating to, or for access to the properties, books or records
	of, Spieker or any of its subsidiaries by any person that has
	made or to its knowledge may be considering making an
	alternative acquisition proposal;

  

	any oral or written expression that any activities, discussions
	or negotiations described above are sought to be initiated or
	continued with it;

	and include in that notice the identity of the person making the
	alternative acquisition proposal, indication or request, the
	material terms of that alternative acquisition proposal,
	indication or request and, if in writing, promptly deliver to
	Equity Office copies of any proposal, indication or request
	along with all other related documentation and correspondence
	and keep Equity Office informed of the status and material
	terms, including all changes to the status or material terms, of
	any alternative acquisition proposal, indication or request.

However, under certain circumstances, Spieker, including in its
capacity as the sole general partner of Spieker Partnership, may
furnish information to, or enter into discussions or
negotiations with, any person that makes a 
bona fide

written alternative acquisition proposal which was not
invited, initiated, solicited or encouraged, directly or
indirectly, by Spieker or any of its subsidiaries, provided that:

 

	a majority of the board of directors of Spieker determines in
	good faith, after consultation with its financial advisors of
	nationally recognized reputation and outside legal counsel, that
	the alternative acquisition proposal is reasonably likely to
	result in a superior acquisition proposal, as
	defined below;

 

	each of Spieker and Spieker Partnership complies with all its
	obligations under the merger agreement;

 

	before furnishing that information to, or entering into
	discussions or negotiations with, that person, Spieker provides
	written notice to Equity Office which states that it is
	furnishing information to, or entering into discussions with,
	that person; and

 

	Spieker enters into a confidentiality agreement with that person
	the terms of which are in all material respects no less
	favorable to Spieker and no less restrictive to the person
	making the alternative acquisition proposal, than the terms of
	the confidentiality agreement entered into with Equity Office.

For purposes of the merger agreement, an alternative
acquisition proposal means any direct or indirect:

 

	merger, consolidation, business combination, reorganization,
	recapitalization, liquidation, dissolution or similar
	transaction;

 

	sale, acquisition, tender offer, exchange offer, the filing of a
	registration statement under the Securities Act in connection
	with an exchange offer, share exchange or other transaction or
	series of related transactions that, if completed, would result
	in the issuance of securities representing, or the sale,
	exchange or transfer of, 15% or more of the outstanding voting
	equity securities of Spieker



	or outstanding partnership interests of Spieker Partnership,
	except an underwritten public offering of Spieker common stock
	for cash; or

 

	sale, lease, exchange, mortgage, pledge, transfer or other
	disposition of any assets of Spieker or Spieker Partnership in
	one or a series of related transactions that, if completed,
	would result in the transfer of more than 30% of the assets of
	Spieker or Spieker Partnership, other than the mergers.

If an alternative acquisition proposal constitutes a superior
alternative acquisition proposal, as described below, the board
of directors of Spieker may withdraw, modify, amend or qualify
its recommendation of the merger agreement and the merger and
recommend the superior alternative acquisition proposal to its
stockholders provided that:

 

	Spieker complies fully with the nonsolicitation provisions and
	provides Equity Office with at least three business days
	prior written notice of its intent to withdraw, modify, amend or
	qualify its recommendation of the merger agreement or the merger;

 

	if during those three business days Equity Office makes a
	counter proposal to the superior alternative acquisition
	proposal, Spiekers board of directors in good faith,
	taking into account the advice of its outside financial advisors
	of nationally recognized reputation, determines that the Equity
	Office counter proposal is:

  

	not at least as favorable to Spiekers stockholders as the
	superior alternative acquisition proposal, from a financial
	point of view; and

  

	not at least as favorable generally to Spiekers
	stockholders, taking into account all financial and strategic
	considerations and other relevant factors, including relevant
	legal, financial, regulatory and other aspects of the proposals,
	and the conditions, prospects and time required for completion
	of that proposal; and

 

	Spieker terminates the merger agreement under the terms of the
	merger agreement and pays to EOP Partnership the termination fee.

For purposes of the merger agreement, a superior
alternative acquisition proposal means a 
bona fide

written proposal made by a third party to acquire, directly
or indirectly, Spieker and/or Spieker Partnership in a tender or
exchange offer, merger, share exchange, consolidation or sale of
all or substantially all of the assets of Spieker, Spieker
Partnership, and their subsidiaries or otherwise:

 

	on terms which a majority of the board of directors of Spieker
	determines in good faith, after consultation with Spiekers
	financial advisors of nationally recognized reputation, are
	superior, from a financial point of view, to Spiekers
	stockholders to those provided for in the merger;

 

	on terms which a majority of the board of directors of Spieker
	determines in good faith to be more favorable generally to
	Spiekers stockholders, taking into account all financial
	and strategic considerations and other relevant factors,
	including relevant legal, financial, regulatory and other
	aspects of the proposals, and the conditions, prospects and time
	required for completion of the proposal;

 

	for which financing, to the extent required, in the reasonable
	judgment of the board of directors of Spieker is capable of
	being obtained; and

 

	which the board of directors of Spieker determines in good faith
	is reasonably capable of being consummated.



Termination of the Merger Agreement

Right to Terminate

The merger agreement may be terminated at any time before the
completion of the partnership merger, whether before or after
approval of the merger agreement and the mergers by the Equity
Office shareholders, EOP Partnership limited partners, Spieker
stockholders or Spieker Partnership limited partners, as follows:

 

	by mutual written consent duly authorized by the Equity Office
	board of trustees and the Spieker board of directors;

 

	by either Equity Office or Spieker if:

    

	any judgment, injunction, order, decree or action by any
	governmental entity preventing the consummation of either the
	merger or the partnership merger becomes final and
	non-appealable;

    

	the merger and the partnership merger have not been completed
	before December  31, 2001; however, neither Equity Office
	nor Spieker may terminate the merger agreement if its breach is
	the reason that the mergers have not been completed;

    

	the holders of at least a majority of the outstanding shares of
	Spieker common stock fail to approve the merger and the merger
	agreement at the Spieker special meeting, or if holders of
	partnership units of Spieker Partnership fail to approve the
	principal terms of the partnership merger by the required vote,
	or if it is determined by Equity Office that the approvals of
	the Spieker Partnership unitholders and Spieker Partnership
	preferred unitholders cannot be obtained, but Spieker may not
	terminate for either of these reasons if it is in breach in any
	material respect of its obligations contained in the merger
	agreement relating to obtaining the required shareholder and
	partner votes; or

    

	the holders of Equity Office common shares fail to approve the
	merger and the merger agreement and the amendments to the Equity
	Office declaration of trust at the Equity Office special
	meeting, or holders of a majority of the partner interests in
	EOP Partnership fail to approve the merger agreement and the
	partnership merger, but Equity Office may not terminate for
	either of these reasons if it is in breach in any material
	respect of its obligations contained in the merger agreement
	relating to obtaining the required shareholder and partner votes;

 

	by Equity Office:

    

	upon a breach of or failure to perform any covenant, obligation
	or agreement on the part of Spieker or Spieker Partnership
	contained in the merger agreement, or upon a breach of any
	representation or warranty of Spieker or Spieker Partnership or
	if any representation or warranty of Spieker or Spieker
	Partnership is or becomes untrue, in either case so that the
	conditions to the consummation of the merger contained in the
	merger agreement would be incapable of being satisfied by
	December 31, 2001, or as otherwise extended by the parties;
	or

    

	if (a) the Spieker board of directors has failed to
	recommend or has withdrawn, modified, amended or qualified, or
	proposed publicly not to recommend or to withdraw, modify, amend
	or qualify, in any manner adverse to Equity Office, its approval
	or recommendation of the merger, the partnership merger or the
	merger agreement, or approved or recommended any superior
	alternative acquisition proposal, (b) following the
	announcement or receipt of an alternative acquisition proposal,
	Spieker has failed to call the Spieker special meeting or failed
	to prepare and mail to its stockholders this joint proxy
	statement/prospectus or (c) the Spieker board of directors
	or any committee of the Spieker board of directors has resolved
	to do any of the foregoing; or



 

	by Spieker:

    

	upon a breach of any covenant, obligation or agreement on the
	part of Equity Office or EOP Partnership contained in the merger
	agreement, or upon a breach of any representation or warranty of
	Equity Office or EOP Partnership or if any representation or
	warranty of Equity Office or EOP Partnership is or becomes
	untrue, in either case so that the conditions to the
	consummation of the merger contained in the merger agreement
	would be incapable of being satisfied by December 31, 2001
	or as otherwise extended by the parties; or

    

	if the Spieker board of directors has withdrawn, modified,
	amended or qualified in any manner adverse to Equity Office its
	approval or recommendation of the merger or the merger agreement
	in connection with, or approved or recommended, any superior
	alternative acquisition proposal, or to enter into a binding
	written agreement with respect to a superior alternative
	acquisition proposal, so long as, in each case, Spieker has
	complied with the terms of the no solicitation provisions
	contained in the merger agreement and, before terminating the
	merger agreement, has paid to EOP Partnership the termination
	fee.

Effect of Termination

Except for provisions in the merger agreement regarding
confidentiality of nonpublic information, payment of fees and
expenses, the effect of termination and specified miscellaneous
provisions, if the merger agreement is terminated as described
above, the merger agreement will become void and have no effect.
In addition, if the merger agreement is so terminated, there
will be no liability on the part of Equity Office, EOP
Partnership, Spieker or Spieker Partnership, except to the
extent that the termination results from a material breach by
any party of any of its representations, warranties, covenants
or agreements contained in the merger agreement. The
confidentiality agreement, dated January 2, 2001, between
Spieker and Equity Office will continue in effect
notwithstanding any termination of the merger agreement.

Termination Fee and
Termination Expenses

Except as described below, each party to the merger agreement
will bear its own fees and expenses in connection with the
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement.

Spieker and Spieker Partnership will pay to EOP Partnership a
termination fee if the merger agreement is terminated:

 

	by Spieker, (a) if the Spieker board of directors has
	withdrawn, modified, amended or qualified in any manner adverse
	to Equity Office its approval or recommendation of either of the
	merger or the merger agreement in connection with, or approved
	or recommended, any superior alternative acquisition proposal,
	or (b) to enter into a binding written agreement with
	respect to a superior alternative acquisition proposal, so long
	as, in each case, Spieker complied with the terms of the
	nonsolicitation provisions contained in the merger agreement;

 

	by Equity Office, if the Spieker board of directors has failed
	to recommend or has withdrawn, modified, amended or qualified,
	or proposed publicly not to recommend or to withdraw, modify,
	amend or qualify, in any manner adverse to Equity Office its
	approval or recommendation of either of the merger or the merger
	agreement or approved or recommended any superior alternative
	acquisition proposal, or has resolved to do any of the
	foregoing; or

 

	under the circumstances listed below, but only if
	(a) Spieker or Spieker Partnership has received a proposal
	for an alternative acquisition transaction before the
	termination and (b) before or within 12  months after
	the termination, Spieker or Spieker Partnership enters into an
	agreement regarding any alternative acquisition transaction that
	is later completed:

    

	by Equity Office, if Spieker or Spieker Partnership fails to
	perform in all material respects all its covenants, obligations
	and agreements in the merger agreement and the failure cannot be
	rectified by December 31, 2001;



    

	by Equity Office, if Spieker or Spieker Partnership is in breach
	of any of its representations or warranties in the merger
	agreement, and the breach reasonably would be expected to have a
	material adverse effect on the business, properties, assets,
	financial condition or results of operations of Equity Office
	and its subsidiaries taken as a whole and cannot be rectified by
	December 31, 2001;

    

	by Equity Office or Spieker, if following Spiekers receipt
	or announcement of an alternative acquisition proposal, Spieker
	fails to call the Spieker special meeting or fails to prepare
	and mail to its stockholders this joint proxy
	statement/prospectus;

    

	by Equity Office or Spieker, if any judgment, injunction, order,
	decree or action by any governmental entity of competent
	authority, which primarily results from any action or inaction
	of Spieker or its subsidiaries and prevents the consummation of
	the merger or the partnership merger, becomes final and
	non-appealable;

    

	by Equity Office or Spieker, if the merger and the partnership
	merger are not completed before December 31, 2001, and the
	terminating party has not materially breached its obligations
	under the merger agreement in a way that prevents the merger or
	the partnership merger from being completed before
	December 31, 2001; or

    

	by Equity Office or Spieker, if the holders of at least a
	majority of the outstanding shares of Spieker common stock fail
	to approve the merger and the merger agreement at the Spieker
	special meeting, or the holders of partnership units of Spieker
	Partnership fail to approve the principal terms of the
	partnership merger by the required vote, or it is determined by
	Equity Office that the approvals of the Spieker Partnership
	unitholders and Spieker Partnership preferred unitholders cannot
	be obtained, but Equity Office or Spieker may not terminate for
	any of these reasons if it is in breach in any material respect
	of its obligations contained in the merger agreement relating to
	obtaining the required shareholder and partner votes.

The termination fee that EOP Partnership may be entitled to
receive will be an amount equal to the lesser of (1) $160
million less termination expenses, as described below, paid or
payable under the merger agreement and (2) the maximum
amount that can be paid to EOP Partnership without causing
Equity Office to fail to meet the REIT income requirements under
the Internal Revenue Code. The unpaid amount, if any, will be
placed in escrow and will be paid in subsequent years to the
extent the payment would not cause Equity Office to fail to meet
the REIT income requirements under the Internal Revenue Code.
Spiekers and Spieker Partnerships obligation to pay
any unpaid portion of the termination fee will terminate on
February 22, 2004.

Spieker and Spieker Partnership will pay to EOP Partnership
termination expenses if the merger agreement is terminated:

 

	by Equity Office, if Spieker or Spieker Partnership fails to
	perform in all material respects all of its covenants,
	obligations and agreements in the merger agreement and the
	failure cannot be rectified by December 31, 2001, or if
	Spieker or Spieker Partnership is in breach of any of its
	representations or warranties in the merger agreement, and the
	breach reasonably would be expected to have a material adverse
	effect on the business, properties, assets, financial condition
	or results of operations of Equity Office and its subsidiaries
	taken as a whole, and the breach cannot be rectified by
	December 31, 2001, in each case, so long as Spieker was not
	entitled to terminate the merger agreement because Equity Office
	or EOP Partnership failed to perform in all material respects
	all of its covenants, obligations and agreements in the merger
	agreement, or because Equity Office or EOP Partnership is in
	breach of any of its representations or warranties in the merger
	agreement; or

 

	by Equity Office or Spieker, if the holders of at least a
	majority of the outstanding shares of Spieker common stock fail
	to approve the merger and the merger agreement at the Spieker
	special meeting, or the holders of partnership units of Spieker
	Partnership fail to approve the principal terms of the
	partnership merger by the required vote or it is determined by
	Equity Office that the



	approvals of the Spieker Partnership unitholders and Spieker
	Partnership preferred unitholders cannot be obtained, but Equity
	Office or Spieker may not terminate for any of these reasons if
	it is in breach in any material respect of its obligations
	contained in the merger agreement relating to obtaining the
	required shareholder and partner votes.

Equity Office and EOP Partnership will pay to Spieker
Partnership termination expenses if the merger agreement is
terminated:

 

	by Spieker, if Equity Office or EOP Partnership fails to perform
	in all material respects all of its covenants, obligations and
	agreements in the merger agreement and the failure cannot be
	rectified by December  31, 2001, or if Equity Office or EOP
	Partnership is in breach of any of its representations or
	warranties in the merger agreement, and the breach reasonably
	would be expected to have a material adverse effect on the
	business, properties, assets, financial condition or results of
	operations of Spieker and its subsidiaries taken as a whole, and
	the breach cannot be rectified by December  31, 2001, in
	each case, so long as Equity Office was not entitled to
	terminate the merger agreement because Spieker or Spieker
	Partnership failed to perform in all material respects all of
	its covenants, obligations and agreements in the merger
	agreement, or because Spieker or Spieker Partnership is in
	breach of any of its representations or warranties in the merger
	agreement; or

 

	by either Spieker or Equity Office, if the holders of a majority
	of the outstanding Equity Office common shares fail to approve
	the merger and the merger agreement at the Equity Office special
	meeting, or if holders of a majority of the EOP Partnership
	units fail to approve the merger, but neither Equity Office nor
	Spieker may terminate for either of these reasons if it is in
	breach in any material respect of its obligations contained in
	the merger agreement relating to obtaining the required
	shareholder and partner votes, so long as Equity Office was not
	entitled to terminate the merger agreement because of a breach
	of any representation, warranty, covenant, obligation or
	agreement on the part of Spieker or Spieker Partnership.

The termination expenses that EOP Partnership or Spieker
Partnership may be entitled to receive in these cases will be an
amount equal to the lesser of (a) $7,500,000 or
(b) the applicable partys out-of-pocket expenses
incurred in connection with the merger agreement and the
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, including all
attorneys, accountants and investment bankers
fees and expenses. If the termination expenses payable to that
party exceed the maximum amount that can be paid to that party
without causing that party to fail to meet the REIT income
requirements under the Internal Revenue Code, then the amount
initially payable to that party will be that maximum amount, and
the unpaid amount will be placed in escrow and paid in
subsequent years to the extent the payment would not cause
Equity Office to fail to meet the REIT income requirements under
the Internal Revenue Code. The paying partys obligation to
pay any unpaid portion of the termination expenses will
terminate on February 22, 2004.

In addition, if Equity Office prevails in a suit for a breach by
Spieker and Spieker Partnership of their obligation to pay the
termination fee or termination expenses under the merger
agreement, Equity Office will be entitled to its costs and
expenses in connection with the suit, with interest.

Waiver and Amendment of the Merger Agreement

The merger agreement may be amended by the parties in writing by
action of the Equity Office board of trustees and the Spieker
board of directors at any time before the filing of the Maryland
articles of merger relating to the merger. However, after the
shareholder and partner approvals are obtained, no such
amendment may be made which by law requires the further approval
of shareholders or partners without obtaining such further
approval. However, if the merger agreement is amended after the
mailing of this joint proxy statement/prospectus and your vote
is required to such amendment, we will resolicit your vote.



At any time before the completion of the merger, the parties
may, in writing:

 

	extend the time for the performance of any of the obligations or
	other acts of the other party;

 

	waive any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties of
	the other party contained in the merger agreement or in any
	document delivered under the merger agreement; or

 

	waive compliance with any of the agreements or conditions of the
	other party contained in the merger agreement, except as
	specified.

By law, neither Equity Office nor Spieker can waive:

 

	the requirement that Equity Office common shareholders and
	Spieker common stockholders and the partners of EOP Partnership
	approve the merger;

 

	the requirement that Equity Office common shareholders approve
	the amendments to the Equity Office declaration of trust;

 

	the requirement that partners of Spieker Partnership approve the
	principal terms of the partnership merger; or

 

	any court order or law preventing the closing of the merger or
	the partnership merger.

Whether any of the other conditions would be waived would depend
on the facts and circumstances as determined by the reasonable
business judgment of the board of trustees of Equity Office or
the board of directors of Spieker. If Equity Office or Spieker
waived compliance with one or more of the other conditions and
the condition was deemed material to a vote of Equity Office
common shareholders and/or Spieker common stockholders, Equity
Office and/or Spieker would have to resolicit shareholder or
stockholder approval, as applicable, before closing the merger.
Neither Equity Office nor Spieker intends to notify shareholders
or stockholders of any waiver that, in the judgment of Equity
Offices board of trustees and Spiekers board of
directors, does not require resolicitation of shareholder or
stockholder approval.

It is a condition to the closing of the merger that Hogan &
Hartson L.L.P., counsel to Equity Office, and Sullivan &
Cromwell, counsel to Spieker, deliver opinions that the merger
qualifies as a reorganization under the provisions of section
368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code. This condition will not be
waived.

Indemnification; Directors and Officers
Insurance

Under the merger agreement, Equity Office and EOP Partnership
will provide exculpation and indemnification for each person who
has been at any time on or before February 22, 2001, or who
becomes before the completion of the merger, an officer or
director of Spieker or any Spieker subsidiary. This exculpation
and indemnification will be the same as provided to these
persons by Spieker and its subsidiaries immediately before the
completion of the merger in each entitys respective
charter, bylaws, partnership, operating or similar agreement, as
applicable, as in effect on February 22, 2001. This
exculpation and indemnification covers actions only on or before
the completion of the merger, including all transactions
contemplated by the merger agreement.

In addition, Equity Office and EOP Partnership will indemnify
and hold harmless, to the full extent permitted by applicable
law, each of the persons described above against any losses,
claims, liabilities, expenses, judgments, fines and amounts paid
in settlement in connection with any threatened or actual claim,
action, suit, proceeding or investigation, whether civil,
criminal or administrative, including any action by or on behalf
of any or all securityholders of Spieker or Equity Office, or
any of their subsidiaries, or by or in the right of Spieker or
Equity Office, or any of their subsidiaries, in which any of
these persons is, or is threatened to be, made a party based in
whole or in part on, or arising in whole or in part out of, or
pertaining to:

 

	the fact that he or she is or was an officer, employee or
	director of Spieker or any of its subsidiaries or any action or
	omission by that person in his or her capacity as a director; or



 

	the merger agreement or the transactions contemplated by the
	merger agreement, whether in any case asserted or arising before
	or after the completion of the merger.

After the completion of the merger, Equity Office and EOP
Partnership will be obligated to promptly pay and advance
reasonable expenses and costs incurred by each of these persons
as they become due and payable in advance of the final
disposition of the claim, action, suit, proceeding or
investigation to the full extent and in the manner permitted by
law. Equity Office is also obligated to purchase, at or before
the completion of the merger, directors liability
insurance policy coverage for Spiekers directors and
officers for a period of six years which will provide the
directors and officers with coverage on substantially similar
terms as currently provided by Spieker to these directors and
officers.

Assumption of Spiekers Obligations Under Registration
Rights Agreements

Under the merger agreement, Equity Office has agreed to assume
Spiekers obligations under existing registration rights
agreements between Spieker and several holders of Spieker
Partnership units and Spieker Partnership preferred units.

Voting Agreements

Messrs. Spieker, French, Singleton, Foster, Vought,
Russell, Davenport, Rothstein, Schnugg and Eddy and one other
executive officer of Spieker have entered into voting agreements
with Equity Office and EOP Partnership agreeing to vote all
shares of Spieker common stock, and, if applicable, all Spieker
Partnership units, owned of record by each of them, or that they
otherwise have the power to vote:

 

	for adoption and approval of the merger agreement, the merger
	and the partnership merger and the transactions contemplated
	thereby; and

 

	against approval or adoption of any action or agreement (other
	than the merger agreement or the transactions contemplated
	thereby) made or taken in opposition to or in competition with
	the merger.

As of the record date for the Spieker special meeting, these
persons beneficially owned, excluding stock options and Spieker
Partnership units, a total of 494,805 shares of Spieker
common stock, representing approximately 0.73% of the
outstanding shares of Spieker common stock entitled to vote at
the Spieker special meeting and a total of 3,417,752 Spieker
Partnership units representing approximately 4.5% of the
outstanding Spieker Partnership units entitled to vote on the
partnership merger.

The voting agreements prohibit these individuals from, directly
or indirectly, selling, transferring, pledging, encumbering,
assigning or otherwise disposing of their stock, stock options
or Spieker Partnership units or entering into any contract,
option or other agreement or understanding related to any of
those actions. In addition, the voting agreements require these
individuals to tender and sell to EOP Partnership all of their
options to purchase Spieker common stock in the tender offer to
be made by EOP Partnership as described in
 Treatment of Spieker Stock Options on
page 68.

None of the trustees or executive officers of Equity Office have
entered into voting agreements.

Spieker Partnership Series D Preferred Units

The merger agreement provides that each Spieker Partnership
series D preferred unit outstanding immediately before the
partnership merger will be exchanged for one EOP Partnership
series G preferred unit. Under a consent and purchase
agreement dated May 7, 2001 by and between Spieker
Partnership and the holders of the outstanding Spieker
Partnership series D preferred units, these holders have
agreed to sell, immediately before the partnership merger, their
series D preferred units to Spieker Partnership at a
purchase price of $46.50 per Spieker Partnership series D
preferred unit plus accrued and unpaid dividends, in cash,
without interest. Spieker will pay an aggregate purchase price
of $69,750,000 plus accrued and unpaid dividends for the
series D preferred units. Spieker Partnership intends to
utilize borrowings under its credit facilities to finance the
purchase price of these units. Under the consent and



purchase agreement, the holders of the Spieker Partnership
series D preferred units also have consented to the
principal terms of the partnership merger.

Acquisition of Spieker Northwest

Messrs. Spieker, French and Singleton and
Mr. Bruce E. Hosford own all of the outstanding shares
of common stock of Spiekers noncontrolled subsidiary,
Spieker Northwest, Inc., representing 100% of the voting
power of Spieker Northwest, and 5% of the outstanding shares of
preferred stock of Spieker Northwest. Spieker Partnership owns
95% of the outstanding shares of preferred stock of Spieker
Northwest. Messrs. Spieker, Singleton, French and Hosford
have entered into a stock purchase agreement that provides for
the sale of all of their shares of Spieker Northwest stock to
Equity Office Properties Management Corp., a Delaware
corporation that is wholly owned by EOP Partnership. Each of
Messrs. Spieker, Singleton, French and Hosford will receive
$50,625 in exchange for his shares of stock of Spieker Northwest.

Nonsolicitation Agreements

It is a condition of the merger that each of
Messrs. Spieker, Foster and Vought enter into
nonsolicitation agreements with Equity Office and EOP
Partnership. Under these agreements, each of the named
individuals will agree that for a period of 18 months after
the closing date of the mergers, they will not:

 

	solicit any employee of Equity Office, EOP Partnership, Spieker
	or Spieker Partnership or their respective subsidiaries for the
	purpose of causing such employee to leave the employment of
	Equity Office, EOP Partnership, Spieker or Spieker Partnership
	or any of their respective subsidiaries; or

 

	directly or indirectly hire any such employee.

However, the named individuals may solicit an employee for the
purpose of causing the employee to leave the employment of
Equity Office, EOP Partnership, Spieker or Spieker Partnership,
or may hire such an employee if:

 

	Equity Office or EOP Partnership indicates in writing its
	intention to terminate the employment of any employee with
	respect to all and not less than all of the employees
	positions at Equity Office, EOP Partnership, Spieker or Spieker
	Partnership;

 

	Equity Office or EOP Partnership terminates the employment of
	any employee with respect to all and not less than all of the
	employees positions at Equity Office, EOP Partnership,
	Spieker and Spieker Partnership; or

 

	an employee terminates his positions at all of Equity Office,
	EOP Partnership, Spieker and Spieker Partnership voluntarily and
	not as a result of solicitation by the individual.

Tax Related Undertakings of EOP Partnership

Lock-up Agreements. 
Under the merger agreement, EOP
Partnership has agreed for the benefit of 17 named Spieker
Partnership unitholders to amend its partnership agreement to
provide that EOP Partnership will not be allowed to sell,
exchange or otherwise dispose of, except in tax-free or
tax-deferred transactions, specified office properties
comprising approximately 6.5 million square feet, or
approximately 26.5% of Spieker Partnerships office
portfolio on a square footage basis, and specified industrial
properties comprising approximately 5.6 million square
feet, or approximately 43.7% of Spieker Partnerships
industrial portfolio on a square footage basis. These office and
industrial properties comprise approximately 12.1 million
square feet, or approximately 32.3% of Spieker
Partnerships total portfolio on a square footage basis.

If EOP Partnership sells any of the specified properties, EOP
Partnership will be required to pay each protected Spieker
Partnership unitholder an amount equal to, on an after-tax
basis, any income taxes incurred by the unitholder as a result
of the sale, to the extent that any of the built-in gain on the
date of



the partnership merger with respect to these properties is
allocated to the unitholder as a result of that sale. Therefore,
even if it were in the best interest of EOP Partnership to sell
any of the specified properties, it may be prohibitively
expensive for EOP Partnership to do so during the applicable
restriction period. The named unitholders who have the benefit
of this protection include, among others, Messrs. Spieker,
French, Vought, Davenport and Schnugg and one other Spieker
executive officer.

The lock-ups on these properties will last for a
protection period of at least 10 years. In
addition, each of the 17 named Spieker Partnership unitholders
will have the opportunity, but will not be required, to increase
the length of the protection period that applies to him by
entering into a restriction agreement, under the
terms of which the Spieker Partnership unitholder would agree
not to sell specified percentages of his Equity Office common
shares and EOP Partnership units during the initial 10 year
restriction period. Specifically, under the restriction
agreement, the named Spieker Partnership unitholder would agree
not to sell 70% of his Equity Office common shares and EOP
Partnership units acquired in the mergers for two years
following the mergers. For each full year thereafter, the total
percentage of the named Spieker Partnership unitholders
Equity Office common shares and EOP Partnership units that he
would not be able to sell would be reduced by 5%. All
restrictions on disposition by the unitholder would terminate on
the 10th anniversary of the mergers. The protection period
applicable to a named Spieker Partnership unitholder who enters
into a restriction agreement will be extended by one year for
each year that the unitholder complies with the terms of the
restriction agreement, so long as the unitholder complies with
the terms of the restriction agreement for at least two years.
None of the 17 named Spieker Partnership unitholders is required
to enter into a restriction agreement unless he desires to
extend his applicable protection period beyond the initial
10-year period. EOP Partnerships only remedy for breach of
a restriction agreement would be to deny the extensions of the
protection period that would have been provided in the absence
of a breach. Neither Equity Office nor EOP Partnership could
bring an action for damages or to enjoin a prohibited transfer.

Guarantee Opportunities.
 Under the amendment to the
partnership agreement of EOP Partnership described above, EOP
Partnership also will be required to make available to the
17 named Spieker Partnership unitholders the opportunity to
guarantee qualifying debt. Qualifying debt generally
is debt that meets specified requirements with respect to
loan-to-value or loan-to-guarantee ratios or that is currently
outstanding debt of Spieker Partnership. After the partnership
merger, if guaranteed debt is repaid or no longer meets the
requirements for qualified debt, EOP Partnership must offer the
17 named Spieker Partnership unitholders replacement
opportunities for these guarantees. The named unitholders who
have the benefit of this protection include, among others,
Messrs. Spieker, Foster, French, Vought, Davenport and
Schnugg and one other Spieker executive officer.

If EOP Partnership fails to comply with its obligations
described above, EOP Partnership will be required to pay each
protected Spieker Partnership unitholder an amount equal, on an
after-tax basis, to any income taxes incurred by the protected
unitholder as a result of that failure.

Allocations of Tier 3 Nonrecourse Liabilities
Under Regulations Section 1.752-3(a)(3).
 Under the
amendment to the partnership agreement of EOP Partnership
described above, EOP Partnership will be required to use
commercially reasonable efforts to cooperate with the
17 named Spieker Partnership unitholders to determine the
method to be used for allocating excess nonrecourse
liabilities of EOP Partnership pursuant to applicable
Treasury regulations. With respect to these Spieker Partnership
unitholders, EOP Partnership will be prohibited from using a
less favorable method of allocating excess nonrecourse
liabilities than it currently uses with respect to EOP
Partnership unitholders who are not parties to express
agreements in effect on February 17, 2001, specifying a
particular method to be used for such purposes. EOP Partnership
also has agreed not to make available to any other EOP
Partnership unitholder a more favorable method of allocating
excess nonrecourse liabilities without making such
method available to the protected Spieker Partnership
unitholders. In addition, EOP Partnership has agreed to use the
same methods of allocating excess nonrecourse liabilities to
those 17 named Spieker Partnership unitholders that had
been used by Spieker Partnership with respect to those
unitholders prior to the partnership merger. If the method of
allocating excess nonrecourse liabilities used by EOP
Partnership results in the allocation to these specified former
Spieker Partnership unitholders of less excess



nonrecourse liabilities than was allocated to them by Spieker
Partnership, EOP Partnership has agreed to consider in good
faith a request by the former Spieker Partnership unitholder to
enter into deficit restoration obligations with respect to its
EOP Partnership units or to enter into a guarantee of EOP
Partnership debt. The named unitholders who have the benefit of
this protection include, among others, Messrs. Spieker,
French, Foster, Vought, Davenport and Schnugg and one other
Spieker executive officer.

Assumption of Spieker Tax Protection Agreements.
 Under
the merger agreement and the amendment to the partnership
agreement of EOP Partnership described above, EOP Partnership
also has expressly agreed to assume obligations of Spieker
Partnership to other specified Spieker Partnership unitholders
under existing tax protection agreements between Spieker
Partnership and these unitholders. Specifically, EOP Partnership
has agreed to assume Spieker Partnerships undertaking not
to dispose of 11 properties formerly managed by
Transpacific Development Company and acquired by Spieker
Partnership in 1998 pursuant to a contribution agreement dated
February 4, 1998 (referred to as the TDC Curci Portfolio)
in taxable transactions prior to February 4, 2018, and to
maintain specified debt obligations guaranteed by the
contributors of those properties. Also, EOP Partnership has
agreed to assume Spieker Partnerships undertaking not to
dispose of Larkspur Landing, which was acquired by Spieker
Partnership in early 2000, in a taxable transaction prior to
February 28, 2010, to maintain a specified amount of
recourse debt and to make deficit restoration obligation
opportunities available to the six contributors of that
property. EOP Partnership also will assume obligations of
Spieker Partnership with respect to properties that are not
wholly-owned by Spieker Partnership. These obligations include
restrictions on dispositions of the properties and maintenance
of debt with respect to these properties.



MATERIAL FEDERAL INCOME TAX

CONSEQUENCES RELATING TO THE MERGER

The following discussion describes the U.S. federal income tax
consequences relating to the merger and the receipt of cash and
Equity Office common shares in the merger by holders of Spieker
common stock and the receipt of Equity Office preferred shares
by holders of Spieker preferred stock. Because this discussion
is intended to address only federal income tax consequences of
the merger that will apply to all Spieker stockholders, it may
not contain all of the information that may be important to you.
As you review this discussion, you should keep in mind that:

 

	the tax consequences to you may vary depending on your
	particular tax situation;

 

	you may be subject to special rules that are not discussed below
	if you are:

    a tax-exempt organization;

    a broker-dealer;

   

	a trader in securities that elects to mark to market;

   

	a person who holds Spieker stock as part of a hedge, straddle or
	conversion transaction;

   

	a person who acquired shares of Spieker stock pursuant to the
	exercise of employee stock options or otherwise as compensation;

   

	a person who does not hold its shares of Spieker stock as a
	capital asset;

   

	a non-U.S. corporation, non-U.S. partnership, non-U.S. trust,
	non-U.S. estate or individual who is not taxed as a citizen or
	resident of the United States, all of which may be referred to
	collectively as non-U.S. persons;

    a trust;

    an estate;

    a regulated investment company;

    an insurance company;

   

	U.S. expatriates who are subject to special rules; or

   

	otherwise subject to special tax treatment under the Internal
	Revenue Code;

 

	this summary does not address state, local, or foreign tax
	considerations; and

 

	this discussion is not intended to be, and should not be
	construed as, tax advice.

You are urged both to review the following discussion and to
consult with your own tax advisor to determine the effect of the
merger on your individual tax situation, including any state,
local or non-U.S. tax consequences.

The information in this section is based on the current Internal
Revenue Code, current, temporary and proposed regulations, the
legislative history of the Internal Revenue Code, current
administrative interpretations and practices of the Internal
Revenue Service, including its practices and policies as
endorsed in private letter rulings, which are not binding on the
Internal Revenue Service, and existing court decisions. Future
legislation, regulations, administrative interpretations and
court decisions could change current law or adversely affect
existing interpretations of current law. Any change could apply
retroactively. Neither Equity Office nor Spieker has requested,
or plans to request, any rulings from the Internal Revenue
Service concerning the tax treatment of the merger. It is
possible that the Internal Revenue Service would challenge the
statements in this discussion, which do not bind the Internal
Revenue Service or the courts, and that a court would agree with
the Internal Revenue Service.



Hogan & Hartson L.L.P., counsel to Equity Office, and
Sullivan & Cromwell, counsel to Spieker, have reviewed
this discussion and the statements as to the material federal
income tax consequences of the merger set forth below under the
captions  General,  Federal Income
Tax Consequences of the Merger to Spieker Common
Stockholders,  Federal Income Tax Consequences
of the Merger to Spieker Preferred Stockholders, and
 Federal Income Tax Consequences to Spieker, Equity
Office and Equity Office Shareholders are the opinion of
Hogan & Hartson L.L.P. and Sullivan & Cromwell. These
opinions are subject to the limitations and qualifications
described in the captioned sections referenced in the preceding
sentence.

General. 
Equity Office and Spieker intend for the merger
to qualify as a reorganization under section 368(a)
of the Internal Revenue Code. Hogan & Hartson L.L.P. and
Sullivan & Cromwell each is of the opinion that, based on
factual representations by both Equity Office and Spieker
regarding the merger, the merger will qualify as a
reorganization under Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue
Code. In addition, the obligation of Equity Office and Spieker
to consummate the merger is conditioned upon Hogan &
Hartson L.L.P., counsel to Equity Office, and
Sullivan & Cromwell, counsel to Spieker, delivering
opinions to Equity Office and Spieker, respectively, that the
merger will qualify as a reorganization under the provisions of
section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code. The opinions
of counsel do rely and will rely on customary representations
made by Equity Office and Spieker and applicable factual
assumptions. If any of the factual assumptions or
representations relied upon in the opinions of counsel are
inaccurate, the opinions may not accurately describe the U.S.
federal income tax treatment of the merger, and this discussion
may not accurately describe the tax consequences of the merger.

Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger to Spieker
Common Stockholders.
 Spieker common stockholders will
receive $13.50 in cash and 1.49586 Equity Office common shares
for each share of Spieker common stock exchanged in the merger.
The merger will have the following material federal income tax
consequences to Spieker common stockholders:

 

Receipt of Equity Office Common Shares and Cash.
 A
	Spieker common stockholder will recognize gain equal to the
	lesser of either the cash received, excluding cash received for
	a fractional Equity Office common share, or the amount by which
	(A) the cash plus the fair market value of the Equity
	Office common shares received exceeds (B) the
	stockholders adjusted tax basis in its Spieker common
	stock. A Spieker common stockholder will not recognize any loss
	on the exchange.

	In general, gain recognized by a Spieker common stockholder will
	be taxable as capital gain. This capital gain will be long-term
	capital gain if the Spieker stockholders holding period in
	the Spieker common stock is more than one year. However, it is
	possible that the gain recognized by a Spieker common
	stockholder will be taxable as dividend income if the cash
	received does not result in a meaningful reduction
	in the Equity Office common shares that the Spieker common
	stockholder would have received had it received only Equity
	Office common shares in the merger. In determining whether a
	meaningful reduction has occurred, section 318 of the
	Internal Revenue Code requires that the stockholder be treated
	as actually owning Equity Office common shares that are owned by
	the stockholders family members or by entities in which
	the stockholder owns an interest, or which the stockholder has
	an option to acquire. The Internal Revenue Service has ruled
	that a minority stockholder in a publicly traded corporation
	whose relative stock interest is minimal and who exercises no
	control with respect to corporate affairs is considered to have
	a meaningful reduction if that stockholder has any reduction in
	its percentage stock ownership compared to what the shareholder
	would have received had all of the merger consideration been
	stock. Each Spieker stockholder should consult his or her own
	tax advisor as to the applicability of these rules to his or her
	situation.

	Gain required to be recognized due to the receipt of cash as
	part of the merger consideration generally must be calculated
	separately for each block of Spieker common stock exchanged in
	the merger. A block of stock is generally considered to be a
	group of shares acquired at the same cost in a single
	transaction.



	A Spieker common stockholder will have a tax basis in the Equity
	Office common shares received equal to the stockholders
	tax basis in its Spieker common stock exchanged, decreased by
	the amount of any cash received and increased by the amount of
	any gain recognized in the exchange.

 

Fractional Shares.
 A Spieker common stockholder that
	receives cash instead of a fractional Equity Office common share
	will be treated as if the fractional share was received in the
	merger and then redeemed by Equity Office. The Spieker common
	stockholder generally will recognize capital gain or loss equal
	to the difference between the amount of cash received for the
	fractional share and the stockholders tax basis in the
	fractional share. This capital gain or loss will be long-term
	capital gain or loss if the Spieker stockholders holding
	period in the Spieker common stock is more than one year.

 

Holding Period.
 The holding period of the Equity Office
	common shares received by a Spieker common stockholder in the
	merger will include the holding period of the Spieker common
	stock exchanged.

Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger to Spieker
Preferred Stockholders.
 Under the merger agreement, each
outstanding share of Spieker series B preferred stock will
be converted into the right to receive one Equity Office
series E preferred share; each outstanding share of Spieker
series C preferred stock will be converted into the right to
receive one Equity Office series F preferred share; and each
outstanding share of Spieker series E preferred stock will be
converted into the right to receive one Equity Office
Series H preferred share. See The Merger
Agreement  Merger Consideration beginning on
page 66. The merger will have the following material
federal income tax consequences to Spieker preferred
stockholders:

 

Receipt of Equity Office Preferred Shares.
 A Spieker
	preferred stockholder that exchanges its Spieker preferred stock
	for Equity Office preferred shares only will not recognize gain
	or loss on such exchange. A Spieker preferred stockholder will
	have a tax basis in the Equity Office preferred shares received
	equal to the stockholders adjusted tax basis in the
	Spieker preferred stock exchanged.

 

Holding Period.
 The holding period of the Equity Office
	preferred shares received by a Spieker preferred stockholder in
	the merger will include the holding period of the Spieker
	preferred stock exchanged, assuming that the Spieker preferred
	stock was held as a capital asset.

Backup Withholding. 
Backup withholding tax at a rate of
31% may apply to cash paid in the merger to a Spieker common
stockholder. Backup withholding will not apply, however, if the
Spieker common stockholder:

 

	furnishes a correct taxpayer identification number and certifies
	that he or she is not subject to backup withholding on Internal
	Revenue Service Form W-9, or an appropriate substitute form;

 

	provides a certificate of foreign status on Internal Revenue
	Service Form W-8 or W-8 BEN, or an appropriate
	substitute form; or

 

	is otherwise exempt from backup withholding.

The Internal Revenue Service may impose a penalty upon any
taxpayer that fails to provide the correct taxpayer
identification number. Any amount withheld under the backup
withholding rules may be allowed as a refund or a credit against
the stockholders federal income tax liability provided
that the stockholder furnishes required information to the
Internal Revenue Service.

Federal Income Tax Consequences to Spieker, Equity Office and
Equity Office Shareholders.
 Equity Office and its
shareholders will not recognize any gain or loss as a result of
the merger.

Spieker will not recognize any gain or loss as a result of the
merger if Spieker qualifies as a real estate investment
trust, or REIT, at the time of the merger. As
described below, in connection with the filing of this joint
proxy statement/prospectus, Morrison & Foerster LLP,
special tax counsel to Spieker, has delivered to Spieker and
Equity Office an opinion that Spieker qualifies as a REIT.



Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger to Spieker and
Spieker Stockholders if the Merger Did Not Qualify as a
Reorganization or Spieker Did Not Qualify as a REIT.
 It is a
condition to consummation of the merger that Equity Office and
Spieker receive opinions of counsel that the merger will qualify
as a reorganization for federal income tax purposes, but these
opinions will not be binding upon the Internal Revenue Service
or the courts.

If the merger failed to qualify as a reorganization, then,
regardless of Spiekers status as a REIT, a Spieker
stockholder would recognize gain or loss, as applicable, equal
to the difference between:

 

	the aggregate fair market value of the Equity Office common and
	preferred shares and the cash received in the merger; and

 

	the stockholders adjusted tax basis in its Spieker stock.

If the merger failed to qualify as a reorganization, but Spieker
qualified as a REIT at the time of the merger, Spieker would
incur a tax liability only to the extent that Spiekers net
gain recognized on the deemed transfer of its assets to Equity
Office were to exceed the fair market value of the Equity Office
common and preferred shares and cash issued in the merger. The
liability for the tax attributable to any such gain would
transfer to Equity Office.

If the merger failed to qualify as a reorganization and if
Spieker did not qualify as a REIT at the time of the merger,
Spieker would generally recognize gain or loss on the deemed
transfer of its assets to Equity Office and Equity Office, as
its successor, would incur a very significant current tax
liability. If Spieker were to fail to qualify as a REIT but the
merger were to qualify as a reorganization, Equity Office would
be subject to tax if during the 10 years following the
merger Equity Office were to dispose of any asset that was
acquired from Spieker in the merger. In this event, Equity
Office would generally be subject to tax at the highest regular
corporate rate on the built-in gain, if any, that existed with
respect to such asset at the time of the merger.

REIT Qualification of Spieker and Equity Office.
 Morrison
& Foerster LLP, special tax counsel to Spieker, is of the
opinion that Spieker qualifies as a REIT. In addition, as a
condition to the merger, Morrison & Foerster LLP will
deliver an opinion to Equity Office that Spieker qualifies as a
REIT at the time of the merger. These opinions, however, will
not be binding on the Internal Revenue Service or the courts.
These opinions rely on customary representations made by Spieker
about factual matters relating to the organization and operation
of Spieker, Spieker Partnership and its subsidiaries. In
addition, these opinions are based on factual representations of
Spieker concerning its business and properties as set forth in
this joint proxy statement/ prospectus and the other documents
incorporated by reference in this joint proxy statement/
prospectus. If Spieker did not qualify as a REIT in any of its
prior tax years, Spieker would be liable for (and, as successor
to Spieker in the merger, Equity Office would be obligated to
pay any) federal income tax on its income earned in any year
that it did not qualify as a REIT.

Hogan & Hartson L.L.P., counsel to Equity Office, is of the
opinion that Equity Office qualifies as a REIT. In addition, as
a condition to the merger, Hogan & Hartson L.L.P., counsel
to Equity Office, will deliver an opinion to Equity Office and
Spieker that commencing with Equity Offices taxable year
ending December 31, 1997, Equity Office was organized and
has operated in conformity with the requirements for
qualification as a REIT, and that after consummation of the
mergers, Equity Offices proposed method of operation will
enable it to continue to qualify as a REIT.

The opinions of Hogan & Hartson L.L.P. rely upon customary
representations made by Equity Office about factual matters
relating to the organization and operation of Equity Office, EOP
Partnership and its subsidiaries. In addition, these opinions
are based upon factual representations of Equity Office
concerning its business and properties as set forth in this
joint proxy statement/prospectus and the other documents
incorporated by reference in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus. Finally, the portion of each Hogan &
Hartson L.L.P. opinion that addresses the qualification of
Equity Office as a REIT following the merger is based in part
upon the respective opinion of Morrison & Foerster LLP
described above relating to the qualification of Spieker as a
REIT currently and at the closing of the merger and the
representations made



by Spieker in connection with each Morrison & Foerster
opinion. If Spieker did not qualify as a REIT at the time of the
merger, Equity Office could fail to qualify as a REIT after the
merger.

Equity Office intends to continue to operate in a manner to
qualify as a REIT following the merger, but there is no
guarantee that Equity Office will qualify or remain qualified as
a REIT. Qualification and taxation as a REIT depend upon Equity
Offices ability to meet, through actual annual (or, in
some cases, quarterly) operating results, requirements relating
to income, asset ownership, distribution levels and diversity of
share ownership, and the various REIT qualification requirements
imposed under the Internal Revenue Code. Hogan & Hartson
L.L.P. will not review Equity Offices compliance with
these tests on a continuing basis. Given the complex nature of
the REIT qualification requirements, the ongoing importance of
factual determinations and the possibility of future changes in
the circumstances of Equity Office, Equity Office cannot
guarantee that its actual operating results will satisfy the
requirements for taxation as a REIT under the Internal Revenue
Code for any particular tax year.

APPROVAL OF AMENDMENTS TO EQUITY OFFICES DECLARATION OF
TRUST

As provided in the merger agreement, Equity Office is proposing
to its common shareholders two amendments to its declaration of
trust. These amendments would:

 

	Amend Section 5.2 of the Equity Office declaration of trust to
	increase the maximum number of trustees from 15 to 16; and

 

	Add a new Section 7.2.10 to the Equity Office declaration
	of trust that would authorize the Equity Office board of
	trustees to exempt under specified circumstances one or more
	series of preferred shares issued in connection with a business
	combination from all or any portion of the ownership limitations
	and restrictions on transfer set forth in Article VII of
	the Equity Office declaration of trust.

The text of these amendments is attached to this joint proxy
statement/prospectus as 
Annex D
.

Increase in Maximum Number
of Trustees

The purpose of the amendment to the Equity Office declaration of
trust to increase the maximum number of trustees from 15
to 16 is to allow Messrs. Spieker, Foster and Vought to be
appointed as trustees of Equity Office following the merger.
Equity Office currently has 13 incumbent trustees and will
add these three trustees under the merger agreement.

Authority of Board of Trustees to Exempt One or More
	Series of Preferred Shares Issued in Connection with a Business
	Combination from All or a Portion of the Existing Share
	Ownership Limitations and Restrictions on Transfer in the
	Declaration of Trust

The purpose of the amendment to the Equity Office declaration of
trust to authorize the Equity Office board of trustees to exempt
one or more series of preferred shares issued in connection with
a business combination from all or any portion of the ownership
limitations and restrictions on transfer set forth in Article
VII of the Equity Office declaration of trust is to provide the
board flexibility in business combination transactions,
including the merger, to vary the terms of the ownership
limitations and restrictions on transfer applicable to any such
preferred shares. This amendment allows, in a business
combination transaction, the Equity Office board of trustees to
issue one or more series of preferred shares that are exempt
from all or part of the ownership limitations and transfer
restrictions contained in Article VII of the Equity Office
declaration of trust, if either:

 

	the Equity Office board determines that, assuming that all the
	shares of the exempted series of preferred shares are held by
	one non-U.S. person, it is not reasonably likely that:

(1) 

	five persons would own directly or indirectly more than 49.5% of
	the fair market value of the outstanding Equity Office shares;

(2) 

	the outstanding Equity Office shares would be owned by less than
	100 persons; and



(3) 

	non-U.S. persons would own directly or indirectly 43% or more of
	the fair market value of the issued and outstanding Equity
	Office shares; or

 

	the Equity Office board establishes restrictions on the direct
	and indirect ownership and transfer of the exempted series of
	preferred shares and remedies for invalid transfers to make it
	reasonably likely that:

(1) 

	no five individuals directly or indirectly own more than 50% of
	the value of the outstanding Equity Office shares;

(2) 

	the outstanding Equity Office shares will be owned by at least
	100 persons; and

(3) 

	the fair market value of the outstanding Equity Office shares
	directly and indirectly owned by non-U.S. persons is less than
	43% of the fair market value of all of the outstanding Equity
	Office shares; or

 

	a combination of the criteria in the two alternatives above so
	that each of item (1), (2) or (3) is satisfied
	under one of the two alternatives.

Required Vote and Equity
Office Board Recommendation

The affirmative vote of a majority of the outstanding Equity
Office common shares is required to approve the amendments to
the Equity Office declaration of trust. The proposal to approve
the merger agreement and the merger and the proposal to approve
the amendments to the Equity Office declaration of trust are
conditioned on one another. If the merger agreement and the
merger and the proposed amendments to the Equity Office
declaration of trust are approved by Equity Office common
shareholders, the amendments to the Equity Office declaration of
trust will become effective at the closing of the merger when
articles of merger are filed by Equity Office with the State
Department of Assessments and Taxation of Maryland.

The Equity Office board of trustees recommends that Equity
Office common shareholders vote FOR approval of the
amendments to the Equity Office declaration of trust.

DESCRIPTION OF EQUITY OFFICE SHARES OF BENEFICIAL INTEREST

The following summary of the material terms of Equity
Offices shares of beneficial interest does not include all
of the terms of the shares and should be read together with the
declaration of trust and bylaws of Equity Office and applicable
Maryland law and, in the case of the Equity Office
series E, F and H preferred shares, the forms of
the articles supplementary for each of these series. The Equity
Office declaration of trust and bylaws are incorporated by
reference in this joint proxy statement/prospectus. See
Where You Can Find More Information beginning on
page 124. Forms of the articles supplementary for the
Equity Office series E, F and H preferred shares
to be established as part of the merger are included as exhibits
to the registration statement, of which this document is a
part.

General

The authorized shares of beneficial interest of Equity Office
consist of 750,000,000 common shares, par value $.01 per
share, and 100,000,000 preferred shares, par value $.01 per
share, of which 8,000,000 shares are designated as 8.98%
series A cumulative redeemable preferred shares, 7,000,000
shares are designated as 5.25% series B convertible,
cumulative preferred shares and 4,600,000 shares are
designated as 8 5/8% series C cumulative
redeemable preferred shares of beneficial interest. The following



table sets forth the issued and outstanding Equity Office common
shares and series A, B and C preferred shares as
of May 21, 2001:

Issued and

Class or Series of Shares

Outstanding

Common shares

309,815,068

Series A preferred shares

7,994,000

Series B preferred shares

5,990,000

Series C preferred shares

4,562,000

Under the Equity Office declaration of trust, the Equity Office
board of trustees has the authority to issue authorized but
unissued common shares and, subject to the rights of holders of
any class or series of preferred shares, preferred shares in one
or more classes or series, without shareholder approval. The
Equity Office board of trustees also is authorized to reclassify
authorized but unissued common shares into preferred shares, and
authorized but unissued preferred shares into common shares,
without shareholder approval, subject to the rights of holders
of any class or series of preferred shares. Absent an express
provision to the contrary in the terms of any class or series of
authorized shares, under the Equity Office declaration of trust,
the Equity Office board of trustees also has the power to divide
or combine the outstanding shares of any class or series,
without shareholder approval.

Under Maryland law applicable to Maryland REITs, a shareholder
is not personally liable for the obligations of Equity Office
solely as a result of his or her status as a shareholder. The
Equity Office declaration of trust provides that no shareholder
will be liable for any debt or obligation of Equity Office by
reason of being a shareholder nor will any shareholder face any
personal liability in tort, contract or otherwise to any person
that relates to the property or affairs of Equity Office by
reason of being a shareholder.

The Equity Office bylaws further provide that Equity Office will
indemnify each present or former shareholder against any claim
or liability to which the shareholder may become subject by
reason of being or having been a shareholder and that Equity
Office will reimburse each shareholder for all reasonable
expenses incurred by him or her relating to any such claim or
liability. However, with respect to tort claims, contractual
claims where shareholder liability is not so negated, claims for
taxes and certain statutory liability, the shareholders may, in
some jurisdictions, be personally liable to the extent that such
claims are not satisfied by Equity Office.

Inasmuch as Equity Office carries public liability insurance
which it considers adequate, any risk of personal liability to
shareholders is limited to situations in which Equity
Offices assets plus its insurance coverage would be
insufficient to satisfy the claims against Equity Office and its
shareholders.

Common Shares

All Equity Office common shares outstanding are duly authorized,
validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable.

Subject to the preferential rights of any other shares of
beneficial interest and to the provisions of the Equity Office
declaration of trust regarding ownership limitations and
restrictions on transfers of shares of beneficial interest,
holders of Equity Office common shares are entitled to receive
distributions if, as and when authorized and declared by the
Equity Office board of trustees out of assets legally available
therefor and to share ratably in the assets of Equity Office
legally available for distribution to its shareholders in the
event of its liquidation, dissolution or winding-up after
payment of, or adequate provision for, all known debts and
liability of Equity Office.

Subject to the provisions of the Equity Office declaration of
trust regarding ownership limitations and restrictions on
transfer of shares of beneficial interest, each outstanding
Equity Office common share entitles the holder to one vote on
all matters submitted to a vote of shareholders, including the
election of trustees. Except as provided with respect to any
other class or series of shares of beneficial interest, the
holders of the Equity Office common shares possess the exclusive
voting power.



There is no cumulative voting in the election of trustees, which
means that the holders of a majority of the outstanding common
shares can elect all of the trustees then standing for election
and the holders of the remaining shares of beneficial interest,
except as provided with respect to any other class or series of
shares of beneficial interest, will not be able to elect any
trustees.

Holders of Equity Office common shares have no preferences,
conversion, sinking fund, redemption rights or preemptive rights
to subscribe for any securities of Equity Office. Subject to the
exchange provisions of the declaration of trust regarding
ownership limitations and restrictions on transfer, Equity
Office common shares have equal distribution, liquidation,
voting and other rights.

The Equity Office declaration of trust permits the termination
of the existence of Equity Office if approved by the affirmative
vote of the holders of not less two-thirds of the votes entitled
to be cast on the matter. In addition, the Equity Office board
of trustees may terminate the status of Equity Office as a REIT
under the Internal Revenue Code at any time, without a vote of
the holders of Equity Office common or preferred shares.

Preferred Shares

The Equity Office declaration of trust authorizes the Equity
Office board of trustees to issue 100,000,000 preferred shares,
to classify any unissued preferred shares and to reclassify any
previously classified but unissued preferred shares of any
series from time to time, in one or more series, as authorized
by the Equity Office board of trustees. The Equity Office board
of trustees also is authorized to reclassify authorized but
unissued common shares into preferred shares, and authorized but
unissued preferred shares into common shares, without
shareholder approval.

Series A Preferred
Shares

The Equity Office series A preferred shares rank senior to
the Equity Office common shares and on a parity with the Equity
Office series B and series C preferred shares with
respect to payment of distributions and distributions of assets
upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of Equity Office.

Holders of the Equity Office series A preferred shares are
entitled to receive, when and as authorized by Equity Office,
cumulative cash distributions at the rate of 8.98% of the $25.00
liquidation preference per annum, which is equivalent to a fixed
annual amount of $2.245 per share. These distributions are
cumulative and are payable quarterly in arrears on or before
March 15, June 15, September 15 and
December 15 of each year.

The Equity Office series A preferred shares are not
convertible and are not entitled to the benefit of any sinking
fund.

On and after June 15, 2002, Equity Office, at its option,
may redeem the series A preferred shares, in whole or from
time to time in part, for cash at a redemption price of $25.00
per share, plus all accumulated and unpaid distributions to the
date fixed for redemption. However, the redemption price, other
than the portion consisting of accrued and unpaid distributions,
is payable only out of the sale proceeds of other shares of
beneficial interest of Equity Office. In addition, Equity Office
may acquire any series A preferred shares that have been
transferred to a charitable beneficiary under Article VII of the
declaration of trust of Equity Office because they were owned or
acquired by a shareholder in violation of the applicable
ownership limits.

Series B Preferred
Shares

The Equity Office series B preferred shares rank senior to
the Equity Office common shares and on a parity with the Equity
Office series A preferred shares and the Equity Office
series C preferred shares with respect to the payment of
distributions and amounts upon liquidation, dissolution or
winding up of Equity Office.



Distributions on the Equity Office series B preferred
shares are cumulative and are payable quarterly, when, as and if
declared by the Equity Office board of trustees, on or about
February 15, May 15, August 15 and
November 15 of each year, at the rate of 5.25% of the
$50.00 liquidation preference per annum, which is equivalent to
$2.625 per annum per share.

The Equity Office series B preferred shares are convertible
at any time, at the option of the holder, unless previously
redeemed, into Equity Office common shares at a conversion price
of $35.70 per Equity Office common share, which is equivalent to
a conversion rate of 1.40056 common shares for each Equity
Office series B preferred share, and which may be adjusted
in specified circumstances.

The Equity Office series B preferred shares are not
entitled to the benefit of any sinking fund.

On and after February 15, 2003, the Equity Office
series B preferred shares will be redeemable by Equity
Office, in whole or from time to time in part, at the option of
Equity Office, for that number of Equity Office common shares as
are issuable at the conversion price. Equity Office may exercise
the redemption right only if for 20 trading days within any
period of 30 consecutive trading days, the closing price of
the Equity Office common shares on the NYSE exceeds $41.055 per
share, which may be adjusted in specified circumstances.

On and after February 15, 2003, the Equity Office
series B preferred shares may be redeemed at the option of
Equity Office for cash, in whole or from time to time in part,
initially at $51.1667 per Equity Office series B preferred
share and thereafter at prices declining to $50.00 per Equity
Office series B preferred share on and after
February 15, 2007, plus in each case accumulated and unpaid
distributions, if any, to the redemption date. Equity Office may
not exercise its cash redemption right unless the redemption
price, other than the portion consisting of accumulated and
unpaid distributions, for the exercise of the cash redemption
right is paid solely out of the sale proceeds of other shares of
beneficial interest of Equity Office. In addition, Equity Office
may acquire any series B preferred shares that have been
transferred to a charitable beneficiary under Article VII of the
declaration of trust of Equity Office because they were owned or
acquired by a shareholder in violation of the applicable
ownership limits.

The Equity Office series B preferred shares are subject to
mandatory redemption on February 15, 2008 at a price of
$50.00 per Equity Office series B preferred share, plus
accumulated and unpaid distributions to the redemption date.

Series C Preferred
Shares

The Equity Office series C preferred shares rank senior to
the common shares and on a parity with the Equity Office
series A preferred shares and the Equity Office
series B preferred shares with respect to payment of
distributions and distributions of assets upon liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of Equity Office.

Holders of the Equity Office series C preferred shares are
entitled to receive, when and as authorized by Equity Office,
cumulative cash distributions at the rate of 8 5/8% of the
liquidation preference per annum, which is equivalent to
$2.15625 per Equity Office series C preferred share per
year. These distributions are cumulative and are payable
quarterly in arrears on March 15, June 15,
September 15 and December 15 of each year.

The Equity Office series C preferred shares are not
convertible and are not entitled to the benefit of any sinking
fund.

On or after December 8, 2003, Equity Office, at its option,
may redeem the Equity Office series C preferred shares, in
whole or in part, at any time or from time to time, at a
redemption price of $25.00 per share, plus all accumulated and
unpaid distributions to the date of redemption. However, the
redemption price of the Equity Office series C preferred
shares, other than any portion thereof consisting of accumulated
and unpaid distributions, may be paid only from sale proceeds of
other equity securities of Equity Office. In addition, Equity
Office may acquire any series C preferred shares that have
been



transferred to a charitable beneficiary under Article VII of the
declaration of trust of Equity Office because they were owned or
acquired by a shareholder in violation of the applicable
ownership limits.

Liquidation Rights of
Series A, B and C Preferred Shares

Upon any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or
winding up of Equity Office, the Equity Office series A and
C preferred shares are entitled to a liquidation preference of
$25.00 per share and the series B preferred shares are
entitled to a liquidation preference of $50.00 per share plus,
in each case, any accumulated and unpaid distributions to the
date of payment, before any distribution of assets is made to
holders of common shares and any other class or series of shares
of Equity Office ranking junior to the Equity Office
series A, B and C preferred shares as to liquidation
rights. If upon any voluntary or involuntary liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of Equity Office, the assets of Equity
Office are insufficient to make such full payments to holders of
Equity Office series A, B and C preferred shares and other
preferred shares ranking on a parity with the Equity Office
series A, B and C preferred shares, then holders of Equity
Office series A, B and C preferred shares and parity
preferred shares will share ratably in any distribution of
assets in proportion to the full liquidating distributions to
which they would otherwise be respectively entitled. After
payment of the full amount of the liquidating distributions to
which they are entitled, the holders of Equity Office
series A, B and C preferred shares will not be entitled to
any further participation in any distribution of assets by
Equity Office.

Voting Rights of
Series A, B and C Preferred Shares

Holders of Equity Office series A, B and C preferred shares
do not have any voting rights, except as set forth below or as
otherwise required by law.

Under the articles supplementary establishing the Equity Office
series A, B and C preferred shares, the Equity Office board
of trustees may not authorize, create or increase the authorized
amount of any class or series of shares ranking before the
outstanding Equity Office series A, B and C preferred
shares with respect to the payment of distributions or upon
liquidation, dissolution or winding up of Equity Office, or
reclassify any authorized shares into any such shares or create,
authorize or issue any obligation or security convertible into
or evidencing the right to purchase any such shares, without the
approval of holders of at least two-thirds of the outstanding
Equity Office series A, B and C preferred shares voting
separately as classes. A two-thirds separate class vote also
would be required for any amendment, alteration or repeal of
provisions of the declaration of trust, whether by merger,
consolidation or otherwise, that would materially and adversely
affect any right, preference, privilege or voting power of the
Equity Office series A, B and C preferred shares, with
several specified exceptions set forth in the declaration of
trust.

The holders of the outstanding Equity Office series A, B
and C preferred shares also are entitled, voting together as a
single class with all other equity securities with like voting
rights, to elect a total of two trustees to the Equity Office
board of trustees at any time distributions on the preferred
shares are in arrears for six or more quarterly periods.

Power to Issue Additional Common Shares and Preferred
Shares

Equity Office believes that the power of its board of trustees
to issue additional authorized but unissued common shares or
preferred shares and to classify or reclassify unissued common
shares or preferred shares and thereafter to cause Equity Office
to issue such classified or reclassified shares of beneficial
interest provides Equity Office with increased flexibility in
structuring possible future financings and acquisitions and in
meeting other needs which may arise. The additional classes or
series, as well as the common shares, generally will be
available for future issuance without further action by Equity
Offices shareholders, unless such action is required by
applicable law or the rules of the NYSE. Although the Equity
Office board of trustees has no present intention of doing so,
it could authorize Equity Office to issue a class or series that
could, depending upon the terms of such class or series, delay,
defer or prevent



a transaction or a change in control of Equity Office that might
involve a premium price for holders of common shares or
otherwise be in their best interest.

New Series E, F and H Preferred Shares

The Equity Office series E, F and H preferred shares to be
established before or simultaneously with the merger will have
preferences, conversion and other rights, voting powers,
restrictions, limitations as to dividends, qualifications and
terms or conditions of redemption identical to those of the
shares of the corresponding series of Spieker preferred stock.

The following table sets forth the authorized, issued and
outstanding Equity Office series E, F and H preferred
shares upon completion of the merger:

Issued and

Class or Series of Shares

Authorized

Outstanding

Series E preferred shares

4,250,000

4,250,000

Series F preferred shares

6,000,000

6,000,000

Series H preferred shares

4,000,000

4,000,000

Series E Preferred
Shares to be Issued in the Merger

The Equity Office series E preferred shares to be issued in
the merger will rank senior to the Equity Office common shares
and on a parity with the Equity Office series A, B, C, F
and H preferred shares with respect to the payment of
distributions and amounts upon liquidation, dissolution or
winding up of Equity Office.

Distributions on the Equity Office series E preferred
shares, when issued, will cumulate and will be payable
quarterly, when, as and if declared by the Equity Office board
of trustees, on the last day of March, June, September and
December of each year. The rate of distributions for the
series E preferred shares will be $2.3625 per annum per
share.

The Equity Office series E preferred shares will not be
convertible into Equity Office common shares and will not be
entitled to the benefit of any sinking fund.

The Equity Office series E preferred shares will be
redeemable by Equity Office at a price of $25.00 per Equity
Office series E preferred share, plus accumulated and
unpaid distributions to the redemption date. The redemption
price of series E preferred shares, other than the portion
consisting of accrued and unpaid distributions, will be payable
solely out of proceeds from the sale of other shares of
beneficial interest of Equity Office, including any rights,
warrants or options to purchase any shares of beneficial
interest but excluding debt securities convertible into or
exchangeable for shares of beneficial interest. In addition,
Equity Office may acquire any excess series E preferred
shares that are transferred to it under the articles
supplementary for the series E preferred shares because
they were owned or acquired by a shareholder in violation of
applicable ownership limits.

If any series E preferred shares are outstanding, no
distributions may be declared or paid or set apart for payment
on any class or series of shares of beneficial interest of
Equity Office ranking, as to distributions, on a parity with or
junior to series E preferred shares for any period unless
full cumulative distributions have been or contemporaneously are
declared and paid or declared and a sum sufficient for the
payment thereof set apart for such payments on series E
preferred shares for all past distribution periods and the then
current distribution period.

In addition, unless full cumulative distributions on
series E preferred shares have been or contemporaneously
are declared and paid or declared and a sum sufficient for the
payment thereof set apart for payment for all past dividend
periods and the then current dividend period:

 

	no distributions other than in Equity Office common shares or
	other shares of beneficial interest ranking junior to
	series E preferred shares as to distributions and amounts
	upon liquidation may be declared or paid or set aside for
	payment or other distribution may be declared or made upon the



	Equity Office common shares, series A preferred shares,
	series B preferred shares, series C preferred shares,
	series F preferred shares and series H preferred
	shares or any other shares of beneficial interest of Equity
	Office ranking junior to or on a parity with series E
	preferred shares as to distributions or upon liquidation; and

 

	no Equity Office common shares, series A preferred shares,
	series B preferred shares, series C preferred shares,
	series F preferred shares and series H preferred
	shares or any other shares of beneficial interest of Equity
	Office ranking junior to or on a parity with series E
	preferred shares as to distributions or amounts upon liquidation
	may be redeemed, purchased or otherwise acquired for any
	consideration (or any moneys be paid to or made available for a
	sinking fund for the redemption of any such shares of beneficial
	interest) by Equity Office, except by conversion into or
	exchange for other shares of beneficial interest of Equity
	Office ranking junior to series E preferred shares as to
	distributions and amounts upon liquidation.

Upon any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or
winding up of Equity Office, the Equity Office series E
preferred shares, when issued, will be entitled to a liquidation
preference of $25.00 per share, plus accrued and unpaid
distributions to the date of payment, before any distribution or
payment to the Equity Office common shares or any other class or
series of shares of beneficial interest of Equity Office ranking
junior to the Equity Office series E preferred shares as to
liquidation rights.

If upon any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or
winding up of Equity Office, the assets of Equity Office are
insufficient to make full payments to holders of Equity Office
series E preferred shares and other preferred shares
ranking on a parity with the Equity Office series E
preferred shares, then holders of Equity Office series E
preferred shares and such other preferred shares will share
ratably in any distribution of assets in proportion to the full
liquidating distributions to which they would otherwise be
respectively entitled. After payment of the full amount of the
liquidating distributions to which they are entitled, the
holders of Equity Office series E preferred shares will not
be entitled to any further participation in any distribution of
assets by Equity Office.

Series F Preferred
Shares to be Issued in the Merger

The Equity Office series F preferred shares to be issued in
the merger will rank senior to the Equity Office common shares
and on a parity with the Equity Office series A, B, C, E
and H preferred shares with respect to the payment of
distributions and amounts upon liquidation, dissolution or
winding up of Equity Office.

Distributions on the Equity Office series F preferred
shares, when issued, will cumulate and will be payable
quarterly, when, as and if declared by the Equity Office board
of trustees, on the last day of January, April, July and October
of each year. The rate of distributions for the series F
preferred shares will be $1.96875 per annum per share.

The Equity Office series F preferred shares will not be
convertible into Equity Office common shares and will not be
entitled to the benefit of any sinking fund.

The Equity Office series F preferred shares, when issued,
will be redeemable by Equity Office after October 10, 2002
at a price of $25.00 per Equity Office series F preferred
share, plus accumulated and unpaid distributions to the
redemption date. The redemption price of series F preferred
shares, other than the portion consisting of accrued and unpaid
distributions, will be payable solely out of proceeds from the
sale of other shares of beneficial interest of Equity Office,
including any rights, warrants or options to purchase any shares
of beneficial interest but excluding debt securities convertible
into or exchangeable for shares of beneficial interest. In
addition, Equity Office may acquire any excess series F
preferred shares that are transferred to it under the articles
supplementary for the series F preferred shares because
they were owned or acquired by a shareholder in violation of
applicable ownership limits.

The Equity Office series F preferred shares will have the
same limitations on the payment of distributions on junior and
parity shares and the same liquidation rights as the Equity
Office series E preferred shares.



Series H Preferred
Shares to be Issued in the Merger

The new Equity Office series H preferred shares to be
issued in the merger will rank senior to the Equity Office
common shares and on a parity with the Equity Office
series A, B, C, E and F preferred shares with respect to
the payment of distributions and amounts upon liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of Equity Office. Distributions on the
Equity Office series H preferred shares will cumulate and
will be payable quarterly, when, as and if declared by the
Equity Office board of trustees, on the last day of March, June,
September and December of each year. The rate of distributions
for the series H preferred shares will be $2.00 per annum
per share.

The Equity Office series H preferred shares will not be
convertible into Equity Office common shares and will not be
entitled to the benefit of any sinking fund.

The Equity Office series H preferred shares will be
redeemable by Equity Office after June 4, 2003 at a price
of $25.00 per Equity Office series H preferred share, plus
accumulated and unpaid distributions to the redemption date. The
redemption price of series H preferred shares, other than
the portion consisting of accrued and unpaid distributions, will
be payable solely out of proceeds from the sale of other shares
of beneficial interest of Equity Office, including any rights,
warrants or options to purchase any shares of beneficial
interest but excluding debt securities convertible into or
exchangeable for shares of beneficial interest. In addition,
Equity Office may acquire any excess series H preferred shares
that are transferred to it under the articles supplementary for
the series H preferred shares because they were owned or
acquired by a shareholder in violation of applicable ownership
limits.

The Equity Office series H preferred shares will have the
same limitations on the payment of distributions on junior and
parity preferred shares and the same liquidation rights as the
Equity Office series E and F preferred shares.

Voting Rights of Equity
Office Series E, F and H Preferred Shares

Holders of Equity Office series E, F and H preferred shares
will not have any voting rights, except as set forth below or as
otherwise required by law.

Under the articles supplementary establishing these series of
preferred shares, if six quarterly distributions, whether or not
consecutive, payable on any of these series of preferred shares
or other parity preferred shares are in arrears, the number of
trustees on the Equity Office board of trustees will be
increased by two, and the holders of the series E, F and H
preferred shares, voting together as a class, with the holders
of other series of parity preferred shares entitled to such
voting rights, which are referred to as voting preferred
shares, will have the right to elect two additional
trustees to serve on the Equity Office board of trustees until
the distributions have been paid in full or set aside for
payment. The term of office of all trustees so elected will
terminate with the termination of such voting rights.

The approval of a majority of the outstanding series E, F
and H preferred shares and all other series of voting preferred
shares similarly affected and having such voting rights, voting
as a single class is required to:

 

	enter into a share exchange that affects series E, F or H
	preferred shares, or consolidate with or merge Equity Office
	with or into any other entity, unless in each such case each
	series E, F or H preferred share remains outstanding
	without a material adverse change to its terms and rights or is
	converted into or exchanged for preferred shares of the
	surviving entity having preferences, conversion and other
	rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to
	distributions, qualifications and terms or conditions of
	redemption thereof identical to those of the series E, F or
	H preferred shares, as applicable, or

 

	authorize, reclassify, create, or increase the authorized amount
	of any class of shares of beneficial interest having rights
	senior to series E, F or H preferred shares with respect to
	the payment of distributions or amounts upon liquidation,
	dissolution or winding up of the affairs of Equity Office.

However, Equity Office may create additional classes of parity
preferred shares and shares of beneficial interest ranking
junior to series E, F and H preferred shares as to
distributions or amounts upon liquidation, dissolution or
winding up of the affairs of Equity Office, increase the
authorized number of



parity preferred shares and junior shares and issue additional
series of parity preferred shares and junior shares without the
consent of any holder of series E, F or H preferred shares.

The approval of two-thirds of the outstanding series E, F
and H preferred shares and all other series of voting preferred
shares similarly affected and having such voting rights, voting
as a single class, is required in order to amend the articles
supplementary for the series E, F or H preferred shares or
Equity Offices declaration of trust to affect materially
and adversely the rights, preferences or voting power of the
holders of series E, F or H preferred shares or any voting
preferred shares.

REIT Ownership Limitations and Transfer Restrictions
Applicable to Equity Office Common Shares and Series A, B
and C Preferred Shares

For Equity Office to qualify as a REIT under the Internal
Revenue Code, no more than 50% in value of its outstanding
shares of beneficial interest may be owned, actually or
constructively, by five or fewer individuals, which,
as defined in the Internal Revenue Code for this purpose,
includes certain entities. In addition, if Equity Office, or an
actual or constructive owner of 10% or more of the shares of
Equity Office, owns, actually or constructively, 10% or more of
a tenant of Equity Office, then the rent received by Equity
Office from that related party tenant will not be
qualifying income for purposes of determining whether Equity
Office meets the requirements for qualification as a REIT under
the Internal Revenue Code unless the tenant is a taxable REIT
subsidiary and specified requirements are met. A REITs
shares also must be beneficially owned by 100 or more persons.

As a means of addressing these requirements, Article VII of
the Equity Office declaration of trust provides that, with
several exceptions, no person may own, or be deemed to own
directly and/or by virtue of the attribution provisions of the
Internal Revenue Code, more than 9.9%, in value or number of
shares, whichever is more restrictive, of the issued and
outstanding shares of any class or series of shares. Under the
Equity Office declaration of trust, the Equity Office board of
trustees may increase the ownership limit with respect to any
class or series of shares. After giving effect to this increase,
however, five beneficial owners of common shares may not
beneficially own in the aggregate more than 49.5% of the
outstanding common shares. In addition, the Equity Office board
of trustees is required to waive or modify the ownership limit
with respect to one or more persons who would not be treated as
individuals under the Internal Revenue Code if such
person submits to the Equity Office board of trustees specified
information that demonstrates, to the reasonable satisfaction of
the Equity Office board of trustees, that such ownership would
not jeopardize Equity Offices status as a REIT under the
Internal Revenue Code. The Equity Office declaration of trust
further prohibits any person from transferring any Equity Office
common or preferred shares if the transfer would result in
shares of beneficial interest of Equity Office being owned by
fewer than 100 persons or otherwise would cause Equity Office
not to qualify as a REIT.

With respect to the Equity Office series B preferred
shares, the ownership limit in the declaration of trust means
the greater of (a) 9.9% of the series B preferred
shares, in value or number, whichever is more restrictive, or
(b) such number of series B preferred shares such that
five persons who are considered individuals pursuant to
Section 542 of the Internal Revenue Code, as modified by
Section 856(h)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code, taking into
account all excepted holders within the meaning of the
declaration of trust, could not beneficially own, in the
aggregate, more than 49.5% of the value of the outstanding
shares of beneficial interest of Equity Office.

If any transfer of shares or any other event would otherwise
result in any person violating the ownership limits, then the
declaration of trust provides that (a) the transfer will be
void and of no force or effect with respect to the prohibited
transferee with respect to that number of shares that exceeds
the ownership limits and (b) the prohibited transferee
would not acquire any right or interest in the shares. The
shares transferred in violation of the ownership limit instead
would be transferred automatically to a charitable trust, the
beneficiary of which would be a qualified charitable
organization selected by Equity Office.

The trustee of the charitable trust would be required to sell
the shares transferred in violation of the ownership limit to a
person or entity who could own the shares without violating the
ownership limit, and to distribute to the prohibited transferee
an amount equal to the lesser of the price paid by such person
for the shares transferred in violation of the ownership limit
or the sales proceeds received by the charitable



trust for the shares. In the case of a transfer for no
consideration, such as a gift, the charitable trustee would be
required to sell the shares to a qualified person or entity and
distribute to the prohibited transferee an amount equal to the
lesser of the fair market value of the shares as of the date of
the prohibited transfer or the sales proceeds received by the
charitable trust.

Under its declaration of trust, Equity Office, or its designee,
would have the right to purchase the shares from the charitable
trust at a price per share equal to the lesser of (a) the
price per share in the transaction that resulted in the transfer
of the shares to the charitable trust, or, in the case of a
devise or gift, the market price at the time of such devise or
gift, and (b) the market price of such shares on the date
Equity Office, or its designee, were to agree to purchase the
shares. Any proceeds derived from the sale of the shares in
excess of the amount distributed to the prohibited transferee
under these provisions would be distributed to the beneficiary
of the charitable trust.

The charitable trustee will have the sole right to vote the
shares that it holds, and any distributions paid on shares held
by the charitable trustee would be paid to the beneficiary of
the charitable trust.

If the transfer to the charitable trust of the shares that were
transferred in violation of the ownership limit is not
automatically effective for any reason, then the transfer that
resulted in the violation of the ownership limit would be void.

All persons or entities who own, directly or by virtue of the
attribution provisions of the Internal Revenue Code, more than
5%, or such other percentage between  1/2 of 1% and 5% as
provided in applicable rules and regulations under the Internal
Revenue Code, of the lesser of the number or value of the
outstanding Equity Office shares must give a written notice to
Equity Office by January 30 of each year stating the name
and address of such owner, the number of Equity Office shares
owned and a description of the manner in which such Equity
Office shares are held. In addition, a holder of record of
Equity Office shares to whom the foregoing requirement applies
who holds his Equity Office shares as nominee for another person
or entity which is required to include in gross income the
dividends received on such shares must also give notice of the
name and address of such person or entity and the number of
Equity Office shares of such person or entity with respect to
which such holder of record is nominee. In addition, each
record, beneficial and constructive holder of Equity Office
shares is required, upon demand of Equity Office, to disclose to
Equity Office in writing any information with respect to the
direct, indirect and constructive ownership of Equity Office
shares as the Equity Office board of trustees deems necessary to
comply with the provisions of the Internal Revenue Code
applicable to REITs, to comply with the requirements of any
taxing authority or governmental agency or to determine any such
compliance.

The Equity Office declaration of trust contains an additional
limitation on the ownership by non-U.S. persons of Equity Office
common and preferred shares, other than preferred shares issued
and outstanding as of June 19, 2000, and common shares into
which such preferred shares may be converted. This limitation
restricts the direct or indirect acquisition or ownership of
Equity Office shares if, as a result of the acquisition or
ownership, non-U.S. persons would own directly or indirectly 43%
or more of the fair market value of the issued and outstanding
Equity Office shares. If any transfers of Equity Office shares
occur that would result in non-U.S. persons owning directly or
indirectly 43% or more of the fair market value of the issued
and outstanding Equity Office shares as described above, then
the number of shares that would cause a non-U.S. person to
violate this restriction are automatically transferred to a
charitable trust, or if transfer to a charitable trust would not
be effective to prevent violation of this restriction, then the
transfer of shares will be void.

As part of the merger, the Equity Office declaration of trust
will be amended to allow for the exemption of series of
preferred shares issued in any merger from ownership limitations
or restrictions on transfer under specified circumstances. See
Approval of Amendments to Equity Offices Declaration
of Trust beginning on page 93.

The foregoing restrictions on ownership and transferability
would not apply if the Equity Office board of trustees were to
determine that it is no longer in the best interests of Equity
Office to attempt to qualify, or to continue to qualify, as a
REIT under the Internal Revenue Code.



REIT Ownership Limitations and Transfer Restrictions
Applicable to Equity Office Series E, F and H Preferred
Shares

Instead of being governed by the foregoing restrictions, the
Equity Office series E, F and H preferred shares will
have ownership limitations and transfer restrictions identical
to those contained in the articles supplementary for the
corresponding Spieker series B, C and E preferred
stock.

Under the articles supplementary for the Equity Office
series E, F and H preferred shares, no holder of
series E, F and H preferred shares may own more than
9.9% of the value of the outstanding Equity Office common shares
and preferred shares. If the issuance or transfer of
series E, F and H preferred shares to any person would
cause that person to exceed the ownership limit (unless a waiver
of the Equity Office board of trustees has been obtained), would
cause Equity Office to be beneficially owned by fewer than
100 persons or would cause Equity Office to become
closely held under Section 856(h) of the
Internal Revenue Code, the issuance or transfer will be null and
void and the intended transferee will acquire no rights to the
shares.

Series E, F and H preferred shares involved in a
transfer or change in capital structure that results in a person
owning in excess of the ownership limit (unless a waiver of the
Equity Office board of trustees has been obtained) or would
cause Equity Office to become closely held within
the meaning of Section 856(h) of the Internal Revenue Code
will automatically be exchanged for excess preferred shares of
the same series as the shares intended to be transferred. All
excess preferred shares will be transferred, without action by
the shareholder, to Equity Office as trustee of a trust for the
exclusive benefit of the transferee or transferees to whom the
excess preferred shares are ultimately transferred.

While the excess preferred shares are held in trust, they will
not be entitled to vote, they will not be considered for
purposes of any shareholder vote or the determination of a
quorum for a shareholder vote and they will not be entitled to
participate in any distributions made by Equity Office or upon
liquidation. Equity Office has the right, for a period of
90 days during the time the excess preferred shares are
held by Equity Office in trust, to purchase all or any portion
of the excess preferred shares from the intended transferee at
the lesser of the price paid for the shares by the intended
transferee and the closing market price for the shares on the
date Equity Office exercises its option to purchase.

All certificates representing series E, F and H
preferred shares will bear a legend referring to the
restrictions described above.

All holders of series E, F and H preferred shares who
own of record more than 5% of the outstanding Equity Office
common shares and preferred shares, or 1% if there are more than
200 but fewer than 2,000 shareholders or one-half of 1% if there
are 200 or less shareholders of record, must file an affidavit
with Equity Office containing the information specified in the
articles supplementary for the class or series of shares owned
by the filing holder within 30 days after January 1 of
each year. In addition, each series E, F and H
preferred shareholder will upon demand be required to disclose
to Equity Office in writing information with respect to the
direct, indirect and constructive ownership of shares as the
Equity Office board of trustees deems necessary to determine
Equity Offices status as a REIT and to ensure compliance
with the ownership limit.

Possible Redesignation of Equity Office Preferred Shares to
be Issued in the Merger

The merger agreement, as amended, permits Equity Office to
redesignate the series of preferred shares to be issued in the
merger and the partnership merger to enable Equity Office to
issue consecutively-numbered series of preferred shares. For
example, the amended merger agreement permits Equity Office:

 

	to redesignate as series D preferred shares its
	series E preferred shares to be issued in the merger in exchange
	for issued and outstanding Spieker series B preferred shares;

 

	to redesignate as series E preferred shares its
	series F preferred shares to be issued in the merger in exchange
	for issued and outstanding Spieker series C preferred shares; and



 

	to redesignate as series F preferred shares its
	series H preferred shares to be issued in the merger in exchange
	for issued and outstanding Spieker series E preferred shares.

The redesignation of preferred shares under the amended merger
agreement is subject to the repurchase of the Spieker series D
preferred units immediately prior to the partnership merger.
Apart from redesignating the Equity Office preferred shares to
be issued in the merger and eliminating references within the
articles supplementary for each series of Equity Office
preferred shares to be issued in the merger to series of Equity
Office preferred shares that will not be issued in the merger,
the articles supplementary for the redesignated Equity Office
series D, E and F preferred shares will otherwise be
substantially in the form set forth as exhibits to the
registration statement of which this document is a part.

Transfer Agent and Registrar

The transfer agent and registrar for the Equity Office common
and preferred shares is EquiServe LP.

Anti-Takeover Considerations

Maryland law and the Equity Office declaration of trust and
bylaws contain a number of provisions that may have the effect
of discouraging transactions that involve an actual or
threatened change of control of Equity Office. See
Comparison of Shareholder Rights beginning on
page 106. These provisions include:

 

Classified board of trustees and size of board fixed with
	range
  The board of trustees of Equity Office is
	divided into three classes with staggered terms of office. The
	total number of trustees is fixed by a majority vote of the
	board of trustees within a range of a minimum of nine and a
	maximum of 15 (to be increased to 16 as part of the merger).
	These provisions may make it more difficult for a third party to
	gain control of the board of trustees of Equity Office. At least
	two annual meetings of Equity Office, instead of one, generally
	would be required to effect a change in a majority of the board
	of trustees, and the number of trustees cannot be increased
	above the maximum number of trustees specified in the
	declaration of trust without board and shareholder approvals.

 

Removal of trustees
  Under the Equity Office
	declaration of trust, subject to the rights of one or more
	classes or series of preferred shares to elect one or more
	trustees, a trustee may be removed at any time, but only with
	cause, at a meeting of the shareholders by the affirmative vote
	of the holders of not less than a majority of the shares then
	outstanding and entitled to vote generally in the election of
	trustees.

 

Unsolicited Takeover Provisions of Maryland
	Law
  Maryland law provides protection for
	Maryland real estate investment trusts against unsolicited
	takeovers by protecting the board of trustees with regard to
	actions taken in a takeover context. Maryland law also allows
	publicly held Maryland real estate investment trusts to elect to
	be governed by all or any part of Maryland law provisions
	relating to extraordinary actions and unsolicited takeovers.

 

Call of Special Meetings of Shareholders
  The
	Equity Office bylaws provide that special meetings of
	shareholders may be called only by the chairman of the board,
	the president, one-third of the trustees or by the holders of
	shares entitled to cast not less than a majority of all the
	votes entitled to be cast at the meeting. This provision limits
	the ability of shareholders to call special meetings.

 

Advance Notice Provisions for Shareholder Nominations and
	Shareholder New Business Proposals
  The Equity
	Office bylaws require advance written notice for shareholders to
	nominate a trustee or bring other business before a meeting of
	shareholders. This provision limits the ability of shareholders
	to make nominations for trustees or introduce other proposals
	that are not timely received for consideration at a meeti