URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/8858/000095012301500734/0000950123-01-500734.txt

REET
		CITY:			PHOENIX
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85034
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4806432000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2211 SOUTH 47TH STREET
		CITY:			PHOENIX
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85034

S-4

p64859s-4.htm

AVNET, INC.

s-4

As Filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on
April 13, 2001

Registration
No. 333-            

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM S-4

REGISTRATION STATEMENT

UNDER

THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933

AVNET, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter)

New York

	(State or other jurisdiction

	of incorporation or organization)

	(Primary Standard Industrial

	Classification Code Number)

11-1890605

	(I.R.S. Employer

	Identification Number)

2211 South 47th Street

Phoenix, Arizona 85034

(480) 643-2000

(Address, including zip code, and telephone
number, including

area code, of registrant’s principal
executive offices)

DAVID R. BIRK, ESQ.

Senior Vice President,

General Counsel and Secretary

Avnet, Inc.

2211 South 47th Street

Phoenix, Arizona 85034

(480) 643-2000

(Name, address, including zip code, and
telephone number,

including area code, of agent for service)

Copies to:

JAMES E. ABBOTT, ESQ.

	Carter, Ledyard & Milburn

	2 Wall Street

	New York, New York 10005

	(212) 732-3200

GENE G. LEWIS, ESQ.

	Locke Liddell & Sapp LLP

	3400 Chase Tower

	600 Travis Street

	Houston, Texas 77002-3095

	(713) 226-1200

Approximate date of commencement of proposed
sale of the securities to the public:

Upon consummation of the merger
described herein.

If the securities being registered on this Form
are being offered in connection with the formation of a holding
company and there is compliance with General Instruction G,
check the following box.  

If this Form is filed to register additional
securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under
the Securities Act, check the following box and list the
Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier
effective registration statement for the same
offering.  

If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed
pursuant to Rule 462(d) under the Securities Act, check the
following box and list the Securities Act registration statement
number of the earlier effective registration statement for the
same offering.  

CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE

Title of each class of

Amount to

Proposed maximum

Proposed maximum

Amount of

securities to be registered

be registered

offering price per unit

aggregate offering price

registration fee

	Common Stock, par value $1.00 per share

	27,299,595 shares(1)

	$20.71264379

	$565,446,787(2)

	$141,362(3)

(1) 

Represents the estimated maximum number of shares
	of the common stock of Avnet, Inc. (“Avnet”) which may
	be issued to the holders of the common stock of Kent Electronics
	Corporation (“Kent”) in connection with the merger and
	related transactions described herein, based on the exchange
	ratio in the merger of 0.87 of a share of Avnet common stock for
	each share of Kent common stock. Consists of (a) up to
	24,914,367 shares of Avnet common stock which may be issued in
	the merger in exchange for 28,637,204 shares of Kent common
	stock currently outstanding, (b) 261,000 shares of Avnet
	common stock which may be issued in connection with or after the
	merger upon exercise of currently outstanding warrants to
	purchase 300,000 shares of Kent common stock, and
	(c) 2,124,228 shares of Avnet common stock which may be
	issued upon the exercise of outstanding options to purchase an
	aggregate of 2,441,641 shares of Kent common stock under the
	Kent director and employee stock option plans and agreements.

(2) 

Pursuant to Rule 457(f)(1) and 457(c) under
	the Securities Act of 1933, the proposed maximum aggregate
	offering price for the Kent common stock is equal to 31,378,845
	(the maximum number of shares of Kent common stock to be
	converted in the merger and upon exercise of the warrants and
	options referred to in footnote (1)), multiplied by the
	average ($18.02) of the high and low prices of a share of Kent
	common stock for New York Stock Exchange composite transactions
	on April 10, 2001.

(3) 

Calculated by multiplying .00025 by the proposed
	maximum aggregate offering price.

The registrant hereby
amends this Registration Statement on such date or dates as may
be necessary to delay its effective date until the registrant
shall file a further amendment which specifically states that
this Registration Statement shall thereafter become effective in
accordance with Section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933
or until the Registration Statement shall become effective on
such date as the Commission, acting pursuant to said
Section 8(a), may determine.

KENT ELECTRONICS CORPORATION

AVNET, INC.

JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/ PROSPECTUS

MERGER PROPOSED — YOUR VOTE IS VERY IMPORTANT.

Dear Fellow Shareholders:

The boards of directors of Kent Electronics Corporation and
Avnet, Inc. have both called special meetings of their
shareholders for
               ,
 2001, at which we will ask you to consider and to vote upon an
agreement and plan of merger dated as of March 21, 2001,
providing for the merger of Alpha Acquisition Corp., a
wholly-owned subsidiary of Avnet, into Kent. As a result of this
merger, Kent will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of Avnet, and
holders of Kent common stock will receive, in exchange for each
share they hold, 0.87 of a share of the common stock of Avnet.
Avnet will issue only full shares to Kent shareholders; it will
settle fractional share interests in cash. We estimate that
Avnet will issue about 24,915,000 shares of Avnet common stock
in the merger to the holders of currently outstanding shares of
Kent common stock, which will represent about 21.2% of the
outstanding Avnet common stock following the merger. Each share
of Avnet common stock outstanding before the merger will remain
outstanding and will not be changed by the merger. The merger
will be tax-free to Avnet shareholders, and to Kent shareholders
except to the extent they receive cash instead of fractional
Avnet shares.

The Avnet common stock is listed for trading on the New York
Stock Exchange and the Pacific Exchange under the symbol
“AVT.” On
            ,
 2001, the closing price of an Avnet common share for New York
Stock Exchange composite transactions was
$          .

Your vote is very important. We cannot proceed with the merger
unless the shareholders of both companies approve the merger
agreement. You are cordially invited to attend your
shareholders’ special meeting. Whether or not you plan to
attend, please complete and mail the enclosed proxy card to us
or, if you are an Avnet shareholder, you may provide your voting
instructions by telephone or through the Internet in accordance
with the instructions on the Avnet proxy card. If your shares
are held of record in “street name” by a broker, bank
or other nominee, follow the voting instructions that you
receive from the nominee.

If you are a Kent shareholder and do not return your proxy
card or instruct your broker nominee how to vote your shares
held of record in the broker’s name, you will in effect be
voting against the merger agreement.

The dates, times and places of the special meetings are as
follows:

For Kent Shareholders:

For Avnet Shareholders:

	Chase Tower

	600 Travis Street

	Suite 2500

	Houston, Texas 77002

	10:00 a.m.,    , 2001

	[Address]

	10:00 a.m.,    , 2001

This proxy statement/ prospectus gives you detailed information
about the merger and includes the merger agreement attached as
Appendix A. We encourage you to read all this information
carefully. You can also obtain information about Avnet and Kent
from publicly available documents which they have filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission.

We enthusiastically support this merger and join with the
other directors of Kent and Avnet in recommending that you vote
FOR the approval of the merger agreement.

Larry D. Olson

Chief Executive Officer

	and President

	Kent Electronics Corporation

Roy Vallee

Chairman of the Board

	and Chief Executive Officer

	Avnet, Inc.

Please see page 16 for risk factors relating to the
merger which you should consider.

Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state
securities commission has approved or disapproved of the Avnet
shares to be issued as described in this proxy statement/
prospectus, or has determined if this proxy statement/
prospectus is truthful or complete. Any representation to the
contrary is a criminal offense.

This proxy statement/ prospectus is dated
            ,
 2001, and is first being distributed with the accompanying
proxy card to the shareholders of Kent and Avnet on or about
            ,
 2001.

KENT ELECTRONICS CORPORATION

1111 Gillingham Lane

Sugar Land, Texas 77478

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS

TO BE HELD ON
               ,

To the Shareholders of Kent Electronics Corporation:

Kent Electronics Corporation, a Texas corporation, will hold a
special meeting of shareholders on
            ,
 2001, at 10:00 a.m., Houston time, at Chase Tower, 600
Travis Street, Suite 2500, Houston, Texas 77002 for the
following purpose:

	To consider a proposal to approve and adopt the Agreement and
	Plan of Merger dated as of March 21, 2001, among Avnet,
	Inc., Alpha Acquisition Corp. and Kent Electronics Corporation,
	under which Avnet would acquire Kent. The Agreement and Plan of
	Merger is Appendix A to the attached proxy
	statement/prospectus.

No other business will be transacted at the special meeting.
Only shareholders of record at the close of business on
            ,
 2001, will receive notice of and be entitled to vote at the
special meeting, and the agreement and plan of merger must be
approved by the holders of at least two-thirds of the
outstanding shares of Kent common stock.

We cordially invite you to attend the special meeting in
person. Your vote is important. Whether or not you expect to
attend the special meeting, please complete, date and sign the
accompanying proxy card and return it promptly in the enclosed,
postage-paid envelope. You can find instructions for voting on
the enclosed proxy card. If your Kent shares are held of record
in “street name” by a broker or other nominee, you may
be able to vote by telephone or through the Internet in
accordance with the instructions you should receive from your
nominee.

Your board of directors unanimously recommends that you vote
FOR approval of the agreement and plan of merger.

	By Order of the Board of Directors

	Stephen J. Chapko

Secretary

            ,

 The Information Agent for Kent shareholders is

Morrow & Co., Inc.

Call toll free 1-800-607-0088.

AVNET, INC.

2211 South 47th Street

Phoenix, Arizona 85034

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS

TO BE HELD ON
               ,

To all Shareholders of Avnet, Inc.:

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that a special meeting of the
shareholders of Avnet, Inc., a New York corporation, will be
held on
             ,
 2001, at 10:00 a.m., local time, at
               to
 consider and to vote upon:

1. 

	a proposal to approve the Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as
	of March 21, 2001, among Avnet, Inc., Alpha Acquisition
	Corp. and Kent Electronics Corporation, which is Appendix A
	to the attached proxy statement/ prospectus; and

2. 

	any other business related only to the merger proposal that may
	properly come before the special meeting or any adjournments,
	postponements, continuations or reschedulings thereof.

Approval of the merger agreement requires the affirmative vote
of a majority of the total votes cast on the proposal, provided
that the total votes cast represent over 50% of the outstanding
shares of Avnet common stock on
             ,
 2001, the record date for the determination of Avnet
shareholders entitled to notice of and to vote at the meeting.
Only Avnet shareholders of record on that date will be entitled
to notice of and to vote at the meeting.

Whether or not you plan to attend the special meeting, please
promptly complete, sign, date and return the accompanying proxy
card in the enclosed self-addressed, stamped envelope. You may
also submit your proxy with voting instructions by telephone or
through the Internet by following the instructions on the
accompanying proxy card. If you attend the meeting and desire to
revoke your proxy in writing and vote in person, you may do so.
In any event, a proxy may be revoked in writing at any time
before it is exercised.

If your shares are held of record in “street name” by
a broker, bank or other nominee, follow the voting instructions
that you receive from the nominee.

The board of directors of Avnet has approved the agreement
and plan of merger and unanimously recommends that Avnet
shareholders vote FOR approval of it.

	By Order of the Board of Directors,

	David R. Birk

Secretary

               ,

The Information Agent for Avnet shareholders is

Georgeson Shareholder Communications, Inc.

Call toll free 1-800-223-2064.

 Your vote is important. Please submit a proxy with your
voting instructions by telephone or

through the Internet or by returning your signed and dated
proxy card by mail.

SOURCES OF ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

This proxy statement/ prospectus incorporates important business
and financial information about Kent and Avnet from documents
that are not included in or delivered with this proxy statement/
prospectus. This information is available to you without charge
upon your written or oral request. You can obtain documents
incorporated by reference in this proxy statement/prospectus
(other than certain exhibits to those documents) by requesting
them in writing or by telephone from the appropriate company at
the following addresses.

	Kent Electronics Corporation

	1111 Gillingham Lane

	Sugar Land, Texas 77478

	Attention: Stephen J. Chapko

	(281) 243-4000

	Avnet, Inc.

	2211 South 47th Street

	Phoenix, Arizona 85034

	Attention: Raymond Sadowski

	(480) 643-2000

If you would like to request documents, please do so by
[meeting date - 5 business days] in order to
receive them before the Avnet special meeting or the Kent
special meeting, as appropriate.

See also “Where You Can Find More Information”
(page 94).

ii

page 49.

Avnet held a special meeting of its board of directors on
February 13, 2001, by telephone. Mr. Sadowski,
Mr. Birk and representatives of Merrill Lynch also attended
the meeting. Avnet’s board discussed the terms of the
potential transaction and the possible effects of a transaction
on Avnet and Avnet’s earnings and authorized management to
continue to explore the possibility of a merger between the two
companies.

On February 18, 2001, Mr. Sadowski called
Mr. Olson regarding a possible adjustment, based upon
Avnet’s further analysis, to the exchange ratio for the
acquisition of Kent. Later that day, Mr. Olson and
Mr. Sadowski again discussed the fixed ratio of exchange
after Mr. Olson had briefed Mr. Abramson concerning
the earlier discussion between Mr. Sadowski and
Mr. Olson.

On February 19, 2001, Mr. Olson and Mr. Vallee
discussed a proposed adjustment to the fixed ratio of exchange.

On February 20, 2001, Mr. Sadowski and Mr. Chapko
discussed due diligence concerning the potential transaction.
Later that day, Mr. Sadowski delivered a due diligence list
to Kent and Credit Suisse First Boston and scheduled meetings to
obtain requested information. In addition, later that day,
Credit Suisse First Boston, acting on behalf of Kent, delivered
a due diligence list to Avnet.

On February 22, 2001, Mr. Sadowski, Mr. Olson and
Mr. Chapko discussed the status of due diligence concerning
the potential transaction.

On February 23, 2001, Avnet’s counsel sent a draft of
a proposed merger agreement to Kent’s counsel.

Between February 26, 2001 and March 2, 2001,
Mr. Sadowski or Mr. Vallee contacted each Avnet
director individually to report on the status of the potential
transaction.

In light of the potential conflicts of interest of
Mr. Abramson and Mr. Olson and other members of
management, the Kent board established, by unanimous written
consent dated February 26, 2001, a special committee
consisting of three independent and disinterested directors for
the purpose of evaluating whether or not it would be in the best
interests of Kent and its shareholders for Kent to enter into
the merger agreement with Avnet. Leroy Morgan, David Siegel and
Alvin L. Zimmerman were appointed to serve on the special
committee.

On March 2, 2001, Kent’s counsel sent initial comments
on the draft merger agreement to Avnet’s counsel.

On March 4, 2001, Mr. Vallee, Mr. Sadowski,
Andrew Bryant, President of Avnet’s Computer Marketing
group, Steven Church, Co-President of Avnet’s Electronics
Marketing group, Patrick Jewett, Avnet Senior Vice President,
Mr. Olson, Mr. Chapko, and Mark Zerbe, President of
Kent’s Datacomm division, met informally over dinner and
discussed the Kent business. Those participants met again on
March 5, 2001 for

high level discussions of the possible business combination,
including potential synergies between the businesses.

From March 5, 2001 through March 14, 2001
representatives of Avnet and Arthur Andersen, Avnet’s
independent auditors, met with or spoke to representatives of
Kent in Houston for due diligence review and discussions, and
Avnet’s counsel met with Kent’s counsel and conducted
due diligence of certain of Kent’s contracts and
agreements. Concurrent with Avnet’s due diligence of Kent,
Kent’s legal counsel conducted due diligence on Avnet by
reviewing certain publicly available materials, and Kent’s
management reviewed certain business and operational issues
related to Avnet with representatives of Avnet.

On March 12, 2001, Avnet’s counsel sent a revised
draft of a proposed merger agreement to Kent’s counsel, and
Messrs. Vallee, Sadowski and Olson discussed the effect of
each company’s projected earnings in the current quarter on
the potential transaction.

On March 13, 2001, Messrs. Vallee, Sadowski, Birk,
Abramson and Olson and Lynn Morgen, Kent’s public relations
consultant, discussed issues relating to the public announcement
of a merger if the transaction was completed.

On March 14, 2001, Messrs. Vallee, Sadowski and Birk,
representatives of Merrill Lynch, Mr. Olson,
Mr. Chapko, representatives of Credit Suisse First Boston
and Kent’s counsel met to respond to due diligence
questions of the financial advisors and legal counsel in
connection with the proposed transaction.

On March 16, 2001 Mr. Sadowski and Mr. Olson
discussed the exchange ratio for the acquisition.
Mr. Sadowski noted that Avnet, after review of due
diligence and other financial information, was concerned about
the impact of the acquisition on Avnet’s earnings.

Later that day, Mr. Olson and Mr. Vallee discussed the
economics of the proposed acquisition. Mr. Sadowski and
Mr. Olson had two additional conversations regarding the
fixed exchange ratio at which Avnet was willing to proceed later
that day and into the evening.

On March 17, 2001, Mr. Sadowski and Mr. Olson had
further discussions and reached a preliminary understanding
regarding the exchange ratio, subject to negotiation of all
other terms and conditions of the acquisition, final review of
the acquisition by their respective financial advisers and legal
counsel and approval of each Board of Directors.

Over the next several days, representatives of Avnet and Kent
and their respective counsel continued to negotiate the terms of
the proposed merger agreement and related agreements. See
“Other Agreements” on page 67.

On March 20, 2001, the special committee of Kent’s
board of directors held a meeting to consider the proposed
transaction. At this meeting, the Kent special committee first
met with Kent’s legal counsel without anyone else being
present, including any other director or member of Kent’s
management. At the beginning of the meeting, the special
committee was advised of its fiduciary duties relating to the
transaction. In addition, the special committee was advised by
counsel of the principal terms of the proposed merger and the
results of the due diligence review of Avnet, and Kent’s
counsel described the terms of the proposed merger agreement and
stock option agreement (current drafts and executive summaries
of which were provided to the special committee in advance of
the meeting) and responded to questions from the special
committee. After completing its meeting with legal counsel, the
special committee considered the strategic reasons for the
proposed merger through presentations by, and discussions with,
Mr. Olson and Mr. Abramson. Thereafter, the special
committee reviewed the financial terms of the proposed merger
with Credit Suisse First Boston. After excusing Kent’s
management and the representatives of Credit Suisse First Boston
from the meeting, and after due deliberation, the special
committee unanimously approved the merger agreement and the
related agreements and the transactions contemplated by those
agreements and determined to recommend that the full board of
directors of Kent vote to approve and adopt the merger agreement
and stock option agreement and recommend that the shareholders
of Kent approve and adopt the merger agreement.

On March 21, 2001, the board of directors of Kent met to
consider the proposed transaction. Mr. Chapko also attended
this meeting. After being advised by legal counsel of its
fiduciary duties relating to the transaction, the Kent board
considered the strategic reasons for the proposed merger, the
principal terms of the proposed merger, the recommendation of
the special committee and the results of the due diligence
review of Avnet. In addition, Kent’s counsel described to
the board the terms of the proposed merger agreement and certain
related agreements (current drafts and executive summaries of
which were provided to the board in advance of the meeting) and
responded to questions from directors. Thereafter,
representatives of Credit Suisse First Boston joined the meeting
to make a presentation to the board of directors of Kent
regarding the financial terms of the proposed merger. After this
presentation, Credit Suisse First Boston delivered its oral
opinion, which opinion was confirmed by delivery of a written
opinion dated March 21, 2001, to the effect that, as of
that date and based on and subject to the procedures followed,
assumptions made, matters considered and limitations on review
described in its opinion, the exchange ratio in the merger was
fair to the holders of Kent common stock from a financial point
of view. After excusing the representatives of Credit Suisse
First Boston from the meeting, and after due deliberation, the
Kent board of directors unanimously approved the merger
agreement and the related agreements and the transactions
contemplated by those agreements and resolved to recommend that
Kent’s shareholders vote to approve and adopt the merger
agreement.

On March 21, 2001, the board of directors of Avnet met to
consider the proposed transaction. Mr. Vallee discussed the
strategic reasons for the acquisition with the board.
Representatives of Merrill Lynch reviewed for the Avnet board of
directors its financial analysis of the proposed exchange ratio
and delivered to the Avnet board of directors an oral opinion,
which opinion was confirmed by delivery of a written opinion
dated March 21, 2001, to the effect that, as of that date
and based on and subject to the matters described in its
opinion, the exchange ratio provided for in the merger was fair,
from a financial point of view, to Avnet. The board of directors
of Avnet then considered and approved the principal terms of the
acquisition and authorized Avnet management to finalize the
appropriate documents and execute definitive agreements.

Final negotiations continued through the evening of
March 21, 2001, and the merger agreement and related
agreements were executed late that evening. A press release
announcing the merger transaction was issued at approximately
2:00 a.m. on March 22, 2001.

Kent’s Reasons for the Merger

In reaching the decision to approve the merger, the Kent special
committee and full board considered, among other factors,
various strategic benefits expected to be derived from the
merger. Kent has summarized below the key strategic benefits
identified by the Kent special committee and full board during
their evaluation of the proposed merger. References below to the
views and beliefs of the Kent board also reflect the views and
beliefs of the special committee of the Kent board.

Enhanced Shareholder Value. 
The overriding reason for the
merger is that the Kent board believes the proposed combination
of Kent and Avnet should generate substantially more value for
shareholders than Kent could generate on its own or in
connection with any other reasonably possible transaction. The
combined company would be better-positioned to meet the
challenges posed by ongoing consolidation and change in the
electronics component distribution industry.

Business Strategy and Industry Trends. 
The electronics
component distribution industry is undergoing significant change
that is resulting in increased competition and narrowing
margins. In addition, customers are becoming more sophisticated,
are demanding more services, capabilities and products, and are
reducing their number of suppliers. Moreover, during the past
several years the electronics distribution industry has
undergone significant consolidation. One of the results of this
consolidation has been that certain competitors of Kent have
become global in size and have an expanded range of product
offerings. At the same time, many of Kent’s customers and
prospective customers have also consolidated and grown
substantially larger and frequently prefer to deal with
companies that can provide a full range of products on a global
basis. Kent’s suppliers are also reducing their number of
distributors, favoring those that can provide a full line of
products and that have global reach. Based on the foregoing
factors, the Kent board believes that the most successful
companies in this industry in the future will have significantly
greater resources than Kent currently has.

Although the Kent board believes that Kent could over time meet
these challenges if it remained independent, the Kent board also
believes that the combined company would immediately have the
requisite scale to provide the resources necessary for the
combined company to capitalize on opportunities as they emerge,
to respond effectively to rapid change in the electronics
distribution industry and to meet the needsof customers by
offering a much broader range of products to Kent’s
customers than Kent currently can on its own.

Enhanced Employee Opportunities. 
While recognizing that a
number of jobs will be eliminated (especially at Kent’s
headquarters in Houston), the Kent board believes that the
merger would create greater career opportunities for a majority
of Kent’s employees, given the leadership position that the
combined company would enjoy in several key product areas.

Synergies and Cost Savings. 
While potential cost savings
are not the principal reason for the merger, the transaction
would nevertheless be expected to produce significant cost
savings and incremental net revenue from combining the two
companies.

Recommendation of, and Factors Considered by, Kent’s
Board of Directors

At a meeting of the special committee of Kent’s board of
directors held on March 20, 2001, after due consideration
of the factors described below, the special committee
unanimously:

• 

	determined that the merger agreement, the stock option agreement
	and the merger are fair to, and in the best interests of, Kent
	and its shareholders;

• 

	approved the merger agreement and the stock option agreement; and

• 

	determined to recommend that the Kent board approve the merger
	agreement and stock option agreement and recommend that the
	shareholders of Kent approve the merger agreement.

Thereafter, at a meeting of Kent’s board of directors held
on March 21, 2001, after due consideration of the special
committee’s recommendations and the factors described
below, the Kent board unanimously:

• 

	determined that the merger agreement, the stock option agreement
	and the merger are fair to, and in the best interests of, Kent
	and its shareholders;

• 

	approved the merger agreement and the stock option agreement; and

• 

	determined to recommend that the shareholders of Kent approve
	the merger agreement.

Accordingly, the Kent board of directors unanimously
recommends that the Kent shareholders vote FOR approval and
adoption of the merger agreement.

Kent’s board made its determination after careful
consideration of, and based on, a number of factors, including
those described below, which are the material factors that the
board considered:

• 

	all the reasons described above under “Kent’s Reasons
	for the Merger”;

• 

	the possibility, as alternatives to the merger, of not pursuing
	any transaction or of pursuing an acquisition of, or a business
	combination or joint venture with, an entity other than Avnet,
	and the Kent board’s conclusion that a transaction with
	Avnet is more feasible, and is expected to yield greater
	benefits, than the likely alternatives;

• 

	the value of the exchange ratio provided for in the merger
	agreement relative to the current market prices and historical
	trading prices of Kent and Avnet;

• 

	that as more fully described below under
	“— Rationale for Fixed Exchange Ratio”, it
	was more advantageous for Kent’s shareholders for the
	exchange ratio to be fixed rather than being subject to
	adjustment;

• 

	current industry, economic and market conditions, developments
	and trends and the board’s analysis of their potential
	impacts on Kent, Avnet and the combined company;

• 

	the ability to complete the merger as a tax-free reorganization
	for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and the board’s
	conclusion that this treatment would be beneficial to a large
	number of Kent’s shareholders;

• 

	the terms and conditions of the merger agreement, including the
	conditions to closing and the fact that the merger agreement is
	not subject to termination in the event of any change in the
	trading prices of either company’s stock between signing of
	the merger agreement and closing and the board’s ultimate
	determination that these terms and conditions were appropriate
	given the nature of the transaction;

• 

	the restrictions under the merger agreement on Kent’s
	ability to entertain third party acquisition proposals and the
	payment of termination fees in specified circumstances and the
	board’s determination of the appropriateness of these
	provisions, including with respect to their impact on the
	likelihood that the transaction would ultimately be consummated;

• 

	the grant by Kent to Avnet of an option to acquire stock
	exercisable under specified circumstances pursuant to the stock
	option agreement, as discussed under “Other
	Agreements — Kent Option” below, and the
	board’s determination of the appropriateness of the terms
	of the stock option agreement, including with respect to their
	impact on the likelihood that the transaction would ultimately
	be consummated;

• 

	the terms and conditions of the inducement agreements entered
	into by certain directors and officers of Kent which require
	such persons to vote in favor of the merger as discussed under
	“Other Agreements — Inducement Agreements”
	below, including with respect to their impact on the likelihood
	that the transaction would ultimately be consummated;

• 

	the presentation made by Credit Suisse First Boston at the
	meeting of the Kent board of directors on March 21, 2001,
	and Credit Suisse First Boston’s opinion to the effect
	that, as of March 21, 2001, and based upon and subject to
	the procedures followed, assumptions made, matters considered
	and limitations on review described in its opinion, the exchange
	ratio in the merger was fair to the holders of Kent common stock
	from a financial point of view;

• 

	the role that certain members of Kent’s current management
	would play in the management of the combined company, and the
	board’s belief that this role would lead to increased
	shareholder value over the long-term; and

• 

	the potential adverse consequences of the merger, including the
	challenges of combining Kent and Avnet and the related risk of
	not achieving the expected synergies and other benefits and of
	diverting management focus and resources from other strategic
	opportunities and operational matters for an extended period of
	time.

In view of the number and wide variety of factors considered in
connection with its evaluation of the merger, and the complexity
of these matters, Kent’s board did not find it useful to,
nor did it attempt to, quantify, rank or otherwise assign
relative weights to the specific factors it considered. In
addition, the Kent board did not undertake to make any specific
determination as to whether any particular factor was favorable
or unfavorable to the board of directors’ ultimate
determination or assign any particular weight to any factor, but
rather conducted an overall analysis of the factors described
above, including through discussions with and questioning of
Kent’s management and reviewing information received from,
and engaging in discussions with and questioning, Kent’s
legal and financial advisors. In considering the factors
described above, individual members of the board of directors
may have given different weight to different factors.
Kent’s board of directors considered all these factors as a
whole, and overall considered the factors to be favorable to,
and to support, its determination.

In considering the recommendation of the Kent board,
shareholders should be aware that certain officers and directors
of Kent have interests in the proposed merger that are different
from and in addition to the interests of Kent shareholders
generally. The Kent board and special committee were aware of
these potential conflicts of interests and considered them in
approving the merger and merger agreement. See “Interests
of Certain Persons in the Merger and Possible Conflicts of
Interests” that begins on page 49 of this document.

Rationale for Fixed Exchange Ratio

In agreeing to a fixed exchange ratio for the merger, the Kent
board considered the merits of a collar or other adjustable
exchange ratio. The board concluded, however, that a fixed
exchange ratio was preferable under all the circumstances,
despite the fact that the price of Avnet’s common stock
could decrease after announcement of the transaction. The
material reasons for this decision are described below.

Given its view of the combined company’s prospects, the
Kent board concluded that the benefits to Kent’s
shareholders of owning a significant percentage of the combined
company was more important than securing protection against
near-term price movements in Avnet’s common stock through a
collar or other adjustable exchange ratio. While a fixed
exchange ratio exposes Kent’s shareholders to a decline in
nominal value if the price of Avnet’s stock falls in the
period between announcement and closing, it also allows
Kent’s shareholders to benefit from the potential strength
of the combination over time. The ultimate value of the combined
company will be determined not by movements in Avnet’s
stock price between announcement and closing, but by the
performance of the combined company over time. The Kent board
concluded that concerns about near-term market fluctuations
generally should not outweigh judgments about longer-term value.

Finally, the Kent board was interested in insulating the
transaction, to the extent practical, from any uncertainty that
might be generated by near-term market developments. In the
board’s judgment, near-term movements in market prices, or
in the price of Avnet’s common stock, are often unrelated
to the fundamental financial and strategic factors supporting
the transaction or to the longer-term value of the combination.
Yet such movements in the context of a collar or other
adjustable exchange ratio can create uncertainty with respect to
the consummation of a transaction if the issuer is forced to
issue more shares to compensate for near-term changes in nominal
value. In fact, the existence of a collar or adjustable exchange
ratio can aggravate an initial decline in an issuer’s stock
price because it could require the issuer to issue additional
shares to the recipient shareholders. The avoidance of the
uncertainty that can be created by a collar or adjustable
exchange ratio was another important factor in the Kent
board’s decision to agree to a fixed exchange ratio.

Avnet’s Reasons for the Merger; Recommendation of the
Avnet Board of Directors

Avnet’s goal is to provide the highest value relationships
to its customers, suppliers, employees and shareholders
globally. The Avnet board of directors believes that the Kent
acquisition serves Avnet’s objectives to each of these
constituencies.

Avnet’s customers will see new products and services
available from Avnet as a result of the addition of Kent’s
data communication services to Avnet’s global service
offerings and the consolidation of Kent’s components
division with Avnet’s interconnect, passive and
electromechanical (“IP&E”) business. Avnet’s
suppliers will now have access to the largest IP&E
distributor in North America.

Avnet management believes that the combination of its employees
with Kent employees will give the combined company a more highly
skilled organization. The Kent employees include senior managers
who are expected to fill leadership roles in the combined
company.

Avnet management believes that Avnet’s shareholders will
benefit in a variety of ways. The Kent acquisition fits into
Avnet’s strategic plan to accelerate its earnings growth
rate through increased product focus and specialization and to
increase revenues that are less subject to the cyclicality of
the semiconductor industry. In addition, Avnet management
believes that significant cost savings and synergies will result
from combining the companies, for example in consolidating their
facilities and computer systems. The Kent acquisition will also
strengthen Avnet’s financial position by contributing
strong earnings and operating cash flow which, coupled with
Kent’s strong balance sheet, will result in a favorable
improvement in Avnet’s debt to capital ratio and other
credit data.

The Avnet board of directors has unanimously approved the
merger agreement and recommends that Avnet shareholders vote FOR
approval of the merger agreement.

Opinion of Kent’s Financial Advisor

Credit Suisse First Boston has acted as Kent’s financial
advisor in connection with the merger. Kent selected Credit
Suisse First Boston based on Credit Suisse First Boston’s
experience, expertise and reputation, and its familiarity with
Kent’s business. Credit Suisse First Boston is an
internationally recognized investment banking firm and is
regularly engaged in the valuation of businesses and securities
in connection with mergers and acquisitions, leveraged buyouts,
negotiated underwritings, competitive biddings, secondary
distributions of listed and unlisted securities, private
placements and valuations for corporate and other purposes.

In connection with Credit Suisse First Boston’s engagement,
Kent requested that Credit Suisse First Boston evaluate the
fairness, from a financial point of view, to the holders of Kent
common stock of the exchange ratio set forth in the merger
agreement. On March 21, 2001 at a meeting of the board of
directors of Kent held to evaluate the merger, Credit Suisse
First Boston rendered to the board of directors of Kent an oral
opinion, which opinion was confirmed by delivery of a written
opinion dated March 21, 2001, to the effect that, as of
that date and based on and subject to the matters described in
the opinion, the exchange ratio was fair, from a financial point
of view, to the holders of Kent common stock.

The full text of Credit Suisse First Boston’s written
opinion dated March 21, 2001 to the board of directors of
Kent, which sets forth, among other things, the procedures
followed, assumptions made, matters considered and limitations
on the review undertaken, is attached as Appendix D to this
proxy statement/ prospectus and is incorporated into this proxy
statement/ prospectus by reference. Holders of Kent common stock
are encouraged to, and should, read this opinion carefully and
in its entirety. Credit Suisse First Boston’s opinion is
addressed to the board of directors of Kent and relates only to
the fairness of the exchange ratio, from a financial point of
view, to the holders of Kent common stock, does not address any
other aspect of the merger or any related transaction and does
not constitute a recommendation to any shareholder as to any
matter relating to the merger. The summary of Credit Suisse
First Boston’s opinion in this proxy statement/ prospectus
is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of
the opinion.

In arriving at its opinion, Credit Suisse First Boston reviewed
certain publicly available business and financial information
relating to Kent and Avnet, as well as the merger agreement and
certain related documents including the stock option agreement
dated as of March 21, 2001 between Avnet and Kent and the
inducement agreements dated as of March 21, 2001 between
Avnet and certain shareholders of Kent. Credit Suisse First
Boston also reviewed certain other information, including
financial forecasts, provided to or discussed with it by Kent
and Avnet, and met with Kent’s and Avnet’s managements
to discuss the business and prospects of Kent and Avnet. Credit
Suisse First Boston also considered certain financial and stock
market data of Kent and Avnet, and compared those data with
similar data for other publicly held companies in businesses
similar to Kent and Avnet. Credit Suisse First Boston also
considered such other information, financial studies, analyses
and investigations and financial, economic and market criteria
which it deemed relevant. Credit Suisse First Boston relied upon
the views of Kent’s and Avnet’s managements concerning
the business, operational and strategic benefits and
implications of the merger, including financial forecasts
provided to it by Kent and Avnet relating to the synergistic
values and operating cost savings expected to be achieved
through the combination of the operations of Kent and Avnet.

In connection with its review, Credit Suisse First Boston did
not assume any responsibility for independent verification of
any of the foregoing information and has relied on its being
complete and accurate in all material respects. With respect to
the financial forecasts, Credit Suisse First Boston assumed that
they had been reasonably prepared on bases reflecting the best
currently available estimates and judgments of Kent’s and
Avnet’s managements as to the future financial performance
of Kent and Avnet and as to the cost savings and other potential
synergies (including the amount, timing and achievability
thereof) anticipated to result from the merger. In addition,
Credit Suisse First Boston relied upon, without independent
verification, the assessment of the managements of Kent and
Avnet as to (i) Kent’s and Avnet’s existing
services, technology and products and validity of, and risks
associated with, Kent’s and Avnet’s future services,
technology and products, (ii) their ability to integrate
the businesses of Kent and Avnet and (iii) their ability to
retain key employees of Kent and Avnet. Kent informed Credit
Suisse First Boston, and Credit Suisse First Boston assumed,
that the merger will be treated as a tax-free reorganization for
federal income tax purposes

and accounted for as a pooling of interests in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles. In addition, Credit
Suisse First Boston was not requested to make, and did not make,
an independent evaluation or appraisal of the assets or
liabilities (contingent or otherwise) of Kent or Avnet. In
connection with its engagement, Credit Suisse First Boston was
not requested to, and it did not, solicit third party
indications of interest in the possible acquisition of all or a
part of Kent. Credit Suisse First Boston’s opinion does not
address the relative merits of the merger as compared to other
business strategies that might be available to Kent nor does it
address Kent’s underlying business decision to engage in
the merger. Credit Suisse First Boston’s opinion is
necessarily based upon information available to it and
financial, economic, market and other conditions as they exist
and can be evaluated on the date hereof. Credit Suisse First
Boston did not express any opinion as to the actual value of
Avnet common stock when issued to holders of Kent common stock
pursuant to the merger or the prices at which Avnet common stock
will trade at any time.

In preparing its opinion to the board of directors of Kent,
Credit Suisse First Boston performed a variety of financial and
comparative analyses, including those described below. The
summary of Credit Suisse First Boston’s analyses described
below is not a complete description of the analyses underlying
Credit Suisse First Boston’s opinion. The preparation of a
fairness opinion is a complex process involving various
determinations as to the most appropriate and relevant methods
of financial analyses and the application of those methods to
the particular circumstances and, therefore, a fairness opinion
is not readily susceptible to partial analysis or summary
description. In arriving at its opinion, Credit Suisse First
Boston made qualitative judgments as to the significance and
relevance of each analysis and factor that it considered.
Accordingly, Credit Suisse First Boston believes that its
analyses must be considered as a whole and that selecting
portions of its analyses and factors or the narrative
description of the analyses could create a misleading or
incomplete view of the processes underlying its analyses and
opinion.

In its analyses, Credit Suisse First Boston considered industry
performance, regulatory, general business, economic, market and
financial conditions and other matters, many of which are beyond
the control of Avnet and Kent. No company, transaction or
business used in Credit Suisse First Boston’s analyses as a
comparison is identical to Avnet or Kent or the merger, and an
evaluation of the results of those analyses is not entirely
mathematical. Rather, the analyses involved complex
considerations and judgments concerning financial and operating
characteristics and other facts that could affect the
acquisition, public trading or other values of the companies,
business segments or transactions being analyzed. The estimates
contained in Credit Suisse First Boston’s analyses and the
ranges of valuations resulting from any particular analysis are
not necessarily indicative of actual values or predictive of
future results or values, which may be significantly more or
less favorable than those suggested by the analyses. In
addition, analyses relating to the value of businesses or
securities do not purport to be appraisals or to reflect the
prices at which businesses or securities actually may be sold.
Accordingly, Credit Suisse First Boston’s analyses and
estimates are inherently subject to substantial uncertainty.

Credit Suisse First Boston’s opinion and financial analyses
was only one of many factors considered by the board of
directors of Kent in its evaluation of the merger and should not
be viewed as determinative of the views of the board of
directors of Kent or its management with respect to the merger
or the exchange ratio.

The following is a summary of the material financial analyses
performed by Credit Suisse First Boston in connection with the
preparation of its opinion and reviewed with the board of
directors of Kent at its meeting held on March 21, 2001.

The financial analyses summarized below include information
presented in tabular format. In order to fully understand Credit
Suisse First Boston’s financial analyses, the tables must
be read together with the text of each summary. The tables alone
do not constitute a complete description of the financial
analyses. Considering the data set forth in the tables below
without considering the full narrative description of the
financial analyses, including the methodologies and assumptions
underlying the analyses, could create a misleading or incomplete
view of Credit Suisse First Boston’s financial analyses.

Common Stock Trading History. 
Credit Suisse First Boston
examined the historical closing prices of Kent common stock from
March 16, 2000 to March 19, 2001. During this time
period, Kent common stock reached a high of $34.50 per
share and a low of $13.50 per share and had an average
price of $24.09 per share. Credit Suisse First Boston also
examined the historical closing prices of Avnet common stock
from March 16,

2000 to March 19, 2001. During this time period, Avnet
common stock reached a high of $39.31 per share and a low
of $17.50 per share and had an average price of
$28.83 per share.

Comparable Publicly Traded Company Analysis.
 Credit
Suisse First Boston analyzed the equity values and trading
multiples of selected publicly traded companies in the
electronics distribution industry that Credit Suisse First
Boston believed were reasonably comparable to both Kent and
Avnet. These comparable companies were:

• 

	Arrow Electronics, Inc.

• 

	Nu Horizons Electronics Corp.

• 

	Pioneer-Standard Electronics, Inc.

• 

	Reptron Electronics, Inc.

In examining these comparable companies, Credit Suisse First
Boston calculated the enterprise value of each company as a
multiple of its respective: (i) LTM revenue and projected
calendar year 2001 revenue and (ii) LTM EBITDA and EBIT and
projected calendar year 2001 EBITDA and EBIT. The enterprise
value of a company is equal to the value of its fully-diluted
common equity value plus debt and the liquidation value of
outstanding preferred stock, if any, plus the value of minority
interests, if any, minus cash and cash equivalents, including
unconsolidated investments in other entities. LTM means the last
twelve-month period for which financial data for the company at
issue has been reported. EBITDA means earnings before interest
expense, taxes, depreciation and amortization. EBIT means
earnings before interest expense and taxes. Credit Suisse First
Boston also calculated the trading price of each company’s
stock as a multiple of such company’s projected calendar
year 2001 and 2002 EPS. EPS means earnings per share. All
historical data was derived from publicly available sources and
all projected data was obtained from research analyst consensus
estimates. Trading prices and equity values used in calculating
the following ranges are as of March 19, 2001. All other
data used in calculating enterprise value are as of
December 31, 2000. Credit Suisse First Boston’s
analysis of the comparable companies yielded the following
multiple ranges:

Enterprise

Enterprise

Enterprise

Trading Price/

Value/Revenues

Value/EBITDA

Value/EBIT

Earnings per Share

LTM

CY2001P

LTM

CY2001P

LTM

CY2001P

CY2001P

CY2002P

	High

0.43x

0.36x

6.3x

5.9x

9.4x

7.2x

7.5x

6.5x

	Low

0.32x

0.30x

4.2x

3.5x

4.3x

3.5x

4.7x

4.0x

	Mean

0.37x

0.32x

5.6x

4.8x

7.0x

5.7x

5.9x

5.0x

	Median

0.37x

0.32x

6.0x

5.0x

7.2x

6.1x

5.6x

4.9x

Based on an analysis of this data and historical and projected
results for comparable periods provided by Kent’s
management, Credit Suisse First Boston estimated a theoretical
value per share of Kent common stock ranging from approximately
$13.00 to approximately $18.00. Based on an analysis of this
data and historical and projected results for comparable periods
provided by Avnet’s management, Credit Suisse First Boston
estimated a theoretical value per share of Avnet common stock
ranging from approximately $20.00 to approximately $31.00.

Based on these results, Credit Suisse First Boston derived
implied exchange ratios ranging from approximately 0.419 to
approximately 0.900 (which were obtained by dividing the lowest
estimated valuation of Kent common stock by the highest
estimated valuation of Avnet common stock, and by dividing the
highest estimated valuation of Kent common stock by the lowest
estimated valuation of Avnet common stock), compared to the
proposed exchange ratio of 0.870.

Discounted Cash Flow Analysis.
 Credit Suisse First Boston
performed a DCF analysis of the projected cash flows of Kent for
the fiscal years ending March 31, 2002 through
March 31, 2006, using projections and assumptions provided
by the management of Kent. DCF means discounted cash flow. The
DCFs for Kent were estimated using discount rates ranging from
11.0% to 13.0%, based on estimates related to the weighted
average costs of capital of Kent, and terminal multiples of
estimated EBITDA for Kent’s fiscal year ending

March 31, 2006 ranging from 4.5x to 6.5x. Based on this
analysis, Credit Suisse First Boston estimated a theoretical
value per share of Kent common stock ranging from approximately
$28.00 to approximately $34.00

Credit Suisse First Boston also performed a DCF analysis of the
projected cash flows of Avnet for the fiscal quarter ending
June 30, 2001 through the fiscal quarter ending
March 31, 2006, using projections and assumptions provided
by the management of Avnet. The DCFs for Avnet were estimated
using discount rates ranging from 10.5% to 12.5%, based on
estimates related to the weighted average costs of capital of
Avnet, and terminal multiples of estimated EBITDA for
Avnet’s projected twelve months ending March 31, 2006
ranging from 5.0x to 7.0x. Based on this analysis, Credit Suisse
First Boston estimated a theoretical value per share of Avnet
common stock ranging from approximately $32.00 to approximately
$47.00.

Based on these results, Credit Suisse First Boston derived
implied exchange ratios ranging from approximately 0.596 to
approximately 1.063 (which were obtained by dividing the lowest
estimated valuation of Kent common stock by the highest
estimated valuation of Avnet common stock, and by dividing the
highest estimated valuation of Kent common stock by the lowest
estimated valuation of Avnet common stock), compared to the
proposed exchange ratio of 0.870.

Contribution Analysis. 
Credit Suisse First Boston
analyzed the relative contributions of Kent and Avnet to the pro
forma combined company for the calendar year ended
December 31, 2000 based on revenues, EBITDA, EBIT and net
income, assuming no anticipated cost savings or related
expenses. Credit Suisse First Boston also analyzed the
respective contributions of each company’s projected
revenues, EBITDA, EBIT and net income, for the calendar year
ending December 31, 2001 based on estimates provided by the
managements of Kent and Avnet, assuming no anticipated cost
savings or related expenses. The implied percent of equity value
and implied exchange ratio in the table below denotes each
respective company’s share of pro forma equity and the
resulting exchange ratio based on its contribution to enterprise
value, accounting for the debt and cash as of December 31,
2000 contributed by each of Kent and Avnet, respectively:

Kent Implied % of

Avnet Implied % of

Implied Exchange

Equity Value

Equity Value

Ratio

Revenues

	CY 2000

14.4

%

85.6

%

0.546x

	CY 2001P

15.0

%

85.0

%

0.569x

EBITDA

	CY 2000

18.6

%

81.4

%

0.731x

	CY 2001P

18.0

%

82.0

%

0.703x

EBIT

	CY 2000

15.2

%

84.8

%

0.577x

	CY 2001P

18.1

%

81.9

%

0.710x

Net Income

	CY 2000

9.7

%

90.3

%

0.352x

	CY 2001P

13.1

%

86.9

%

0.489x

Based on these results, Credit Suisse First Boston derived
implied exchange ratios ranging from approximately 0.500 to
0.725, compared to the proposed exchange ratio of 0.870.

Pro Forma Financial Impact Analysis.
 Using projections
provided by the managements of Kent and Avnet, Credit Suisse
First Boston, in its presentation to the Kent board of directors
on March 21, 2001, compared the projected EPS of Avnet for
the fiscal years ending June 30, 2001 and June 30,
2002 on a stand-alone basis to the projected pro forma EPS for
fiscal years ending June 30, 2001 and June 30, 2002 of
the combined company after the merger. Credit Suisse First
Boston performed this analysis both assuming no synergies from
cost savings and assuming $60 million in pre-tax synergies
arising from cost savings projected by the managements of Kent
and Avnet to arise from the merger. In making its pro forma
analysis for the purposes of rendering its opinion, Credit
Suisse First Boston relied only on the pro forma financial
analysis for

the fiscal year ending June 30, 2002, which is projected to
be the first full fiscal year following the merger. This
analysis showed that the merger would be expected to have the
following effects:

EPS without

EPS with

synergies

synergies

	FY 2001

12.0% dilutive

1.9% dilutive

	FY 2002

9.3% dilutive

1.0% dilutive

Miscellaneous.
 Kent has agreed to pay Credit Suisse First
Boston for its financial advisory services in connection with
the merger a fee that is customary in transactions of this
nature, a substantial portion of which is contingent upon the
consummation of the merger. Kent also has agreed to reimburse
Credit Suisse First Boston for its reasonable out-of-pocket
expenses, including fees and expenses of legal counsel and any
other advisor retained by Credit Suisse First Boston, and to
indemnify Credit Suisse First Boston and related parties against
liabilities, including liabilities under the federal securities
laws, arising out of its engagement.

Credit Suisse First Boston and its affiliates have in the past
performed certain investment banking services for Kent and Avnet
and have received customary fees for those services. In the
ordinary course of business, Credit Suisse First Boston and its
affiliates may actively trade the debt and equity securities of
Kent and Avnet for their own accounts and for the account of
customers and, accordingly, may at any time hold long or short
positions in such securities.

Opinion of Avnet’s Financial Advisor

Avnet retained Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith
Incorporated to act as its financial advisor in connection with
the proposed merger. On March 21, 2001, Merrill Lynch
delivered to the Avnet board of directors an oral opinion,
subsequently confirmed by delivery of a written opinion dated
March 21, 2001, to the effect that, as of that date, and
based upon and subject to the factors and assumptions set forth
in the opinion, the exchange ratio was fair, from a financial
point of view, to Avnet.

The full text of Merrill Lynch’s opinion, dated
March 21, 2001, which sets forth the assumptions made,
matters considered, and qualifications and limitations on the
review undertaken by Merrill Lynch, is attached as Appendix E to
this document and is incorporated into this document by
reference. The summary of Merrill Lynch’s opinion set forth
below is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text
of the opinion. Avnet shareholders are urged to read the opinion
carefully in its entirety.

Merrill Lynch’s opinion was addressed to the Avnet board of
directors for its information and is directed only to the
fairness, from a financial point of view, of the exchange ratio
to Avnet, does not address any other aspect of the merger,
including the merits of the underlying decision by Avnet to
engage in the merger, and does not constitute a recommendation
to any Avnet shareholder as to how the shareholder should vote
as to any matter relating to the merger.

In preparing its opinion to the Avnet board of directors,
Merrill Lynch performed a variety of financial and comparative
analyses, including those described below. The summary set forth
below does not purport to be a complete description of the
analyses underlying Merrill Lynch’s opinion or the
presentation made by Merrill Lynch to the Avnet board of
directors. The preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex
analytic process involving various determinations as to the most
appropriate and relevant methods of financial analysis and the
application of those methods to the particular circumstances
and, therefore, a fairness opinion is not readily susceptible to
partial analysis or summary description. In arriving at its
opinion, Merrill Lynch did not attribute any particular weight
to any analysis or factor considered by it, but rather made
qualitative judgments as to the significance and relevance of
each analysis and factor. Accordingly, Merrill Lynch believes
that its analyses must be considered as a whole and that
selecting portions of its analyses and factors, or focusing on
information presented in tabular format, without considering all
of the analyses and factors or the narrative description of the
analyses, would create a misleading or incomplete view of the
process underlying its opinion.

In performing its analyses, Merrill Lynch made numerous
assumptions with respect to industry performance, general
business, economic, market and financial conditions and other
matters, many of which are beyond the control of Merrill Lynch,
Avnet or Kent. Any estimates contained in the analyses performed
by

Merrill Lynch are not necessarily indicative of actual values or
future results, which may be significantly more or less
favorable than suggested by such analyses. Additionally,
estimates of the value of businesses or securities do not
purport to be appraisals or to reflect the prices at which such
businesses or securities might actually be sold. Accordingly,
such analyses and estimates are inherently subject to
substantial uncertainty. In addition, as described above,
Merrill Lynch’s opinion was among several factors taken
into consideration by the Avnet board of directors in making its
determination to approve the merger agreement and the merger.
Consequently, Merrill Lynch’s analyses should not be viewed
as determinative of the decision of the Avnet board of directors
or Avnet’s management with respect to the fairness of the
exchange ratio set forth in the merger agreement.

In arriving at its opinion, Merrill Lynch, among other things,
did the following:

(1) 

	reviewed publicly available business and financial information
	relating to Avnet and Kent that Merrill Lynch deemed to be
	relevant;

(2) 

	reviewed information, including financial forecasts, relating to
	the business, earnings, cash flows, assets, liabilities and
	prospects of Avnet and Kent, as well as the amount and timing of
	potential cost savings and related expenses and potential
	revenue synergies expected to result from the merger furnished
	to or discussed with Merrill Lynch by Avnet and Kent;

(3) 

	conducted discussions with members of senior management and
	representatives of Avnet and Kent concerning the matters
	described in clauses (1) and (2) above, as well as
	their respective businesses and prospects both before and after
	giving effect to the merger and potential cost savings and
	related expenses and potential revenue synergies expected to
	result from the merger;

(4) 

	reviewed the market prices and valuation multiples for
	Avnet’s common stock and Kent’s common stock and
	compared them with those of publicly traded companies that
	Merrill Lynch deemed to be relevant;

(5) 

	reviewed the results of operations of Avnet and Kent and
	compared them with those of publicly traded companies that
	Merrill Lynch deemed to be relevant;

(6) 

	compared the proposed financial terms of the merger with the
	financial terms of other transactions that Merrill Lynch deemed
	to be relevant;

(7) 

	participated in discussions and negotiations among
	representatives of Avnet and Kent and their respective financial
	and legal advisors;

(8) 

	reviewed the potential pro forma impact of the merger;

(9) 

	reviewed the merger agreement; and

(10) 

	reviewed other financial studies and analyses and took into
	account other matters as Merrill Lynch deemed necessary,
	including Merrill Lynch’s assessment of general economic,
	market and monetary conditions.

In preparing its opinion, Merrill Lynch assumed and relied on
the accuracy and completeness of all information supplied or
otherwise made available to Merrill Lynch, discussed with or
reviewed by Merrill Lynch or publicly available, and did not
assume any responsibility for independently verifying such
information and Merrill Lynch did not undertake an independent
evaluation or appraisal of any of the assets or liabilities of
Avnet or Kent, and was not furnished with any evaluations or
appraisals. In addition, Merrill Lynch did not assume any
obligation to conduct, nor did it conduct, any physical
inspection of the properties or facilities of Avnet or Kent.
With respect to the financial forecast information and the
information concerning potential cost savings and related
expenses and potential revenue synergies expected to result from
the merger furnished to or discussed with Merrill Lynch by Avnet
or Kent, Merrill Lynch assumed that they have been reasonably
prepared and reflect the best currently available estimates and
judgments of the managements of Avnet or Kent as to the expected
future financial performance of Avnet or Kent, as the case may
be, and the potential cost savings and related expenses and
potential revenue synergies expected to result

from the merger. Merrill Lynch further assumed that the merger
will qualify as a tax-free reorganization for United States
federal income tax purposes.

Merrill Lynch’s opinion is necessarily based upon market,
economic and other conditions as they existed on, and on the
information made available to Merrill Lynch as of, the date of
the opinion. Merrill Lynch did not express any opinion as to the
prices at which the Avnet common stock will trade subsequent to
the merger. Although Merrill Lynch evaluated the fairness, from
a financial point of view, of the exchange ratio, Merrill Lynch
was not requested to, and did not, recommend the specific
consideration payable in the merger, which consideration was
determined through negotiations between Avnet and Kent and
approved by the Avnet board of directors. No other limitation
was imposed on Merrill Lynch with respect to the investigations
made or procedures followed by Merrill Lynch in rendering its
opinion.

Financial Analysis. 
The following is a summary of the
material analyses performed by Merrill Lynch in connection with
its opinion to the Avnet board of directors dated March 21,
2001. 
Some of the financial analyses summarized below include
information presented in tabular format. In order to understand
fully Merrill Lynch’s financial analyses, the tables must
be read together with the text of the summary. The tables alone
do not constitute a complete description of the financial
analyses. Considering the data set forth below without
considering the full narrative description of the financial
analyses, including the methodologies and assumptions underlying
the analyses, could create a misleading or incomplete view of
Merrill Lynch’s financial analyses.

Selected Companies Analysis

Merrill Lynch compared financial, operating and stock market
data of Avnet and Kent to corresponding data of the following
selected publicly traded companies:

• 

	Arrow Electronics, Inc.

• 

	Avnet, in the analysis of Kent

• 

	Kent, in the analysis of Avnet

• 

	Pioneer Standard Electronics, Inc.

Merrill Lynch reviewed enterprise value, calculated as equity
market value, plus total debt, preferred stock and minority
investments, less cash and cash equivalents, of the selected
companies as a multiple of earnings before interest and taxes,
commonly referred to as EBIT, earnings before interest, taxes,
depreciation and amortization, commonly referred to as EBITDA,
and price as a multiple of earnings per share, in each case for
estimated fiscal year 2001. All multiples were based on closing
stock prices on March 16, 2001. Estimated financial data
for the selected companies were based on publicly available
research analysts’ estimates. Merrill Lynch then applied a
range of selected multiples for the selected companies to
estimates of the corresponding financial data for Avnet and
Kent, which were provided by the managements of Avnet and Kent,
respectively, and, in the case of Kent, both before and after
taking into account potential cost savings and related expenses
and potential revenue synergies expected to result from the
merger. This analysis indicated an implied equity reference
range for Avnet of approximately $13.00 to $25.25 per share and
an implied equity reference range for Kent of approximately
$9.75 to $29.75 per share.

Merrill Lynch then compared the implied per share equity
reference ranges for Avnet and Kent described above in order to
derive an implied exchange ratio reference range for Avnet and
Kent. This analysis indicated an implied exchange ratio
reference range of approximately 0.400x to 1.250x.

None of the selected companies is identical to Avnet or Kent.
Accordingly, an analysis of the results of the selected
companies analysis involves complex considerations of the
selected companies and other factors that could affect the
public trading value of Avnet, Kent and the selected companies.

Discounted Cash Flow Analysis

Avnet. 
Merrill Lynch estimated the present value of the
stand-alone, unlevered, after-tax free cash flows that Avnet
could produce over the fiscal years 2001 through 2006 based on
estimates of the management of Avnet. Ranges of terminal values
were derived using multiples of estimated fiscal year 2007
EBITDA of 4.0x to 6.0x. The free cash flows and terminal values
were then discounted to present value using discount rates of
9.0% to 11.0%. This analysis indicated an implied equity
reference range for Avnet of approximately $21.00 to $51.50 per
share.

Kent. 
Merrill Lynch estimated the present value of the
stand-alone, unlevered, after-tax free cash flows that Kent
could produce over the fiscal years 2001 through 2006 based on
two scenarios. The first scenario was based on estimates of the
management of Kent. The second scenario was based on estimates
of the management of Kent, which were adjusted to assume
achievement of only 75% of the growth targets estimated by the
management of Kent and selling, general and administrative
expenses margins as a percentage of revenue equal to fiscal year
2002 levels. In addition, each of the scenarios were analyzed
both before and after taking into account potential cost savings
and related expenses, potential revenue synergies and severance
costs expected to result from the merger. Ranges of terminal
values were derived using multiples of estimated fiscal year
ending 2007 EBITDA of 4.0x to 6.0x. The free cash flows and
terminal values were then discounted to present value using
discount rates of 10.0% to 14.0%. This analysis indicated the
following approximate implied per share equity reference ranges
for Kent:

Implied Per Share Equity Reference Ranges

Scenario I

Scenario II

	$28.50 to $61.00

	$14.00 to $36.75

Merrill Lynch then compared the implied per share equity
reference ranges for Avnet and Kent described above in order to
derive an implied exchange ratio reference range for Avnet and
Kent. This analysis indicated implied exchange ratio reference
ranges of 0.900x to 1.720x based on scenario I and 0.435x to
1.050x based on scenario II.

Selected Merger and Acquisition
Analysis

Using publicly available information, Merrill Lynch analyzed,
among other things, the purchase prices and implied transaction
multiples paid or proposed to be paid in the following selected
transactions:

Acquiror

Target

	• Arrow Electronics, Inc.

	• Bell Industries, Inc.’s Electronics
	Distribution Group

	• Arrow Electronics, Inc.

	• Premier Farnell Corporation’s Volume
	Distribution Business

	• Arrow Electronics, Inc.

	• Richey Electronics, Inc.

	• Arrow Electronics, Inc.

	• Wyle Electronics (Veba Electronics Group)

	• Avnet

	• EBV Group (Veba Electronics Group)

	• Avnet

	• Marshall Industries

	• Bell Industries, Inc.

	• Milgray Electronics, Inc.

	• Marshall Industries

	• Sterling Electronics Corporation

	• Veba Electronics Group

	• Wyle Electronics

Merrill Lynch reviewed enterprise values of the selected
transactions as multiples of latest twelve months sales, EBITDA
and EBIT and equity values as multiples of latest twelve months
net income. Merrill Lynch then applied a range of selected
multiples derived from the selected transactions to estimated
fiscal year 2001 sales, EBITDA, EBIT and net income for Kent.
All multiples for the selected transactions were based on
financial information available at the time of the announcement
of the relevant transaction. Estimated

financial data for Kent was based on estimates provided by the
management of Kent. This analysis indicated an implied equity
reference range for Kent of approximately $17.25 to $24.40 per
share.

No company or transaction used in the selected merger and
acquisition analysis is identical to Avnet, Kent or the proposed
merger. Accordingly, an analysis of the results of the selected
merger and acquisition analysis involves complex considerations
of the companies involved and the transactions and other factors
that could affect the acquisition value of the companies and
Kent.

Relative Contribution Analysis

Using estimated financial data for Avnet and Kent, Merrill Lynch
analyzed the relative contributions of Avnet and Kent to the
combined company’s revenue, EBITDA and net income for
fiscal years 2001 and 2002 after taking into account the
relative capital structures of Avnet and Kent and after taking
into account potential cost savings and related expenses and
potential revenue synergies expected to result from the merger
under two scenarios. The potential cost savings and related
expenses and potential revenue synergies expected to result from
the merger were credited to Kent on both a 50% basis and a 100%
basis. Merrill Lynch then computed exchange ratios implied by
the ownership percentages of Kent’s stockholders in the
combined company implied by Kent’s relative contribution
for each operational metric observed. This analysis indicated a
mean implied exchange ratio reference range for Avnet and Kent
of approximately 0.839x to 1.197x.

Pro Forma Merger Analysis

Merrill Lynch analyzed the potential pro forma effect of the
merger on Avnet’s estimated earnings per share, commonly
referred to as EPS, in fiscal years 2001 and 2002, based on
three scenarios. The first scenario, the street-to-street case,
was based on publicly available research analysts’
estimates. The second scenario, the modified street case, was
based on publicly available research analysts’ estimates of
earnings per share for Avnet and Kent and estimates provided by
the management of Avnet of the number of outstanding shares of
Avnet common stock on a fully diluted basis. The third scenario,
the management-to-management case, was based on estimates of
earnings per share of Avnet and Kent provided by the managements
of Avnet and Kent, respectively, and estimates provided by the
management of Avnet of the number of outstanding shares of Avnet
common stock on a fully diluted basis. In addition, each of the
street-to-street case, the modified street case and the
management-to-management case were analyzed under both the
pooling of interests accounting rules and the proposed Financial
Accounting Standards Board rules on accounting for business
combinations. Based on the exchange ratio of 0.870x in the
merger, this analysis indicated that, assuming
pooling-of-interests accounting, the proposed merger could be
accretive to Avnet’s estimated earnings per share in fiscal
year 2002 under the modified case and in fiscal years 2001 and
2002 under the management-to-management case. The actual results
achieved by the combined company may vary from projected results
and the variations may be material.

Other Factors

In the course of preparing its opinion, Merrill Lynch also
reviewed and considered other information and data, including
the following:

• 

	the trading characteristics of Avnet and Kent;

• 

	historical market prices for Avnet common stock and Kent common
	stock over the last 52-weeks;

• 

	the relative exchange ratio of Avnet common stock and Kent
	common stock over the last 52-weeks;

• 

	historical and projected financial data for Avnet and Kent; and

• 

	selected research analysts’ reports for Kent, including
	stock price estimates of those analysts.

Miscellaneous

Pursuant to the terms of Merrill Lynch’s engagement, Avnet
has agreed to pay Merrill Lynch for its financial advisory
services in connection with the merger a fee of $3.5 million, a
significant portion of which is

contingent upon the closing of the merger. Avnet also has agreed
to reimburse Merrill Lynch for reasonable out-of-pocket expenses
incurred by Merrill Lynch in performing its services and to
indemnify Merrill Lynch and related persons and entities against
liabilities, including liabilities under the federal securities
laws, arising out of Merrill Lynch’s engagement.

Avnet retained Merrill Lynch based upon Merrill Lynch’s
experience and expertise. Merrill Lynch is an internationally
recognized investment banking and advisory firm. Merrill Lynch,
as part of its investment banking business, is regularly engaged
in the valuation of businesses and securities in connection with
mergers and acquisitions, negotiated underwritings, competitive
biddings, secondary distributions of listed and unlisted
securities, private placements and valuations for corporate and
other purposes.

Merrill Lynch and its affiliates have in the past provided
financial services to Avnet unrelated to the proposed merger,
for which services Merrill Lynch and its affiliates have
received compensation. Merrill Lynch acted as Avnet’s
financial advisor in connection with Avnet’s
October 1999 acquisition of Marshall Industries and its
July 2000 acquisition of Savoir Technology Group, Inc.
Merrill Lynch also acted as one of the underwriters in the
public offering in February 2000 of Avnet’s 7 
7/8% Notes due February 15, 2005, and in the public
offerings in October 2000 of $325 million principal amount
of Avnet’s Floating Rate Notes due October 17, 2001,
and $250,000,000 principal amount of 8.20% Notes due
October 17, 2003. In addition, Merrill Lynch Capital
Corporation, an affiliate of Merrill Lynch has been or continues
to be one of the agents, arrangers, book managers or lenders
under various credit facilities with Avnet. Merrill Lynch
Capital Corporation and its affiliates may serve in the same or
similar capacities in the future under credit facilities with
Avnet, and Merrill Lynch and its affiliates may engage in other
general financing and banking transactions, including investment
banking transactions, with Avnet.

In the ordinary course of business, Merrill Lynch and its
affiliates may actively trade in the securities of Avnet and
Kent for their own accounts and for the accounts of customers
and, accordingly, may at any time hold a long or short position
in such securities.

Interests of Certain Persons in the Merger and Possible
Conflicts of Interest

In considering the respective recommendations of the Kent board
of directors and the Avnet board of directors, Kent shareholders
and Avnet shareholders should be aware that certain members of
Kent’s senior management and board of directors have
interests in the merger that are different from, or in addition
to, the interests of Kent’s shareholders generally. The
members of the Kent board of directors and the Avnet board of
directors knew about these additional interests, and considered
them, when they approved the merger agreement.

Stock Options

Upon completion of the merger, Avnet will assume Kent’s
obligations under all of Kent’s employee and director stock
options, which will become options to purchase Avnet shares in a
number and at an exercise price which will be adjusted to
reflect the exchange ratio for the merger. See “The Merger
Agreement — Covenants — Stock Options”
on page 63. In addition, Avnet will, as promptly as
practicable after the closing of the merger, register the Avnet
shares issuable upon exercise of the options under the
Securities Act to enable the holders of converted options to
publicly sell any Avnet shares that they acquire by exercising
their converted options.

Currently, the executive officers and directors of Kent and
their children transferees are the holders of options to
purchase an aggregate of 1,880,564 shares of Kent common stock
at prices ranging from $7.25 to

$40.13 per share. The following table sets forth
information as to these Kent options and how they will be
converted into Avnet options.

Kent options

Avnet options

No. of

Exercise

No. of

Exercise

Name and position

Kent shares

price

Avnet shares

price

	Morrie K. Abramson — Chairman

500,000

$

19.63

435,000

$

22.57

200,000

12.00

174,000

13.80

	Larry D. Olson — Executive Officer and Director

52,500

*

7.25

45,675

8.34

20,000

17.13

17,400

19.69

35,000

8.94

30,450

10.28

200,000

12.00

174,000

13.80

100,000

29.94

87,000

34.42

	Frank M. Billone — Executive Officer

5,000

24.75

4,350

28.45

30,000

20.19

26,100

23.21

10,000

21.06

8,700

24.21

10,000

8.94

8,700

10.28

10,000

12.00

8,700

13.80

10,000

21.63

8,700

24.87

	Stephen J. Chapko — Executive Officer

26,250

*

7.25

22,837

8.34

11,250

7.25

9,787

8.34

30,000

8.94

26,100

10.28

10,000

12.00

8,700

13.80

15,000

17.06

13,050

19.61

	Richard J. Hightower — Executive Officer

5,000

17.13

4,350

19.69

10,000

20.19

8,700

23.21

12,000

8.94

10,440

10.28

10,000

12.00

8,700

13.80

25,000

26.06

21,750

29.96

25,000

17.06

21,750

19.61

	David D. Johnson — Executive Officer

22,500

*

19.31

19,575

22.20

2,500

19.31

2,175

22.20

10,000

20.50

8,700

23.57

12,000

8.94

10,440

10.28

10,000

12.00

8,700

13.80

5,000

27.25

4,350

31.33

	Max S. Levit — Director

6,750

18.88

5,872

21.71

5,000

29.63

4,350

34.06

5,000

36.00

4,350

41.38

2,500

40.13

2,175

46.13

7,500

18.00

6,525

20.69

10,000

12.00

8,700

13.80

7,500

18.19

6,525

20.91

6,688

8.94

5,818

10.28

7,500

29.94

6,525

34.42

	Leroy Morgan — Director

7,500

29.94

6,525

34.42

Kent options

Avnet options

No. of

Exercise

No. of

Exercise

Name and position

Kent shares

price

Avnet shares

price

	David Siegel — Director

9,750

$

10.17

8,482

$

11.69

10,500

18.88

9,135

21.71

5,000

29.63

4,350

34.06

5,000

36.00

4,350

41.38

2,500

40.13

2,175

46.13

7,500

18.00

6,525

20.69

10,063

8.94

8,754

10.28

10,000

12.00

8,700

13.80

7,500

18.19

6,525

20.91

7,500

29.94

6,525

34.42

	John M. Stacy — Executive Officer

5,000

9.13

4,350

10.50

2,500

12.00

2,175

13.80

10,000

29.50

8,700

33.91

	Richard C. Webb — Director

5,000

29.63

4,350

34.06

5,000

36.00

4,350

41.38

2,500

40.13

2,175

46.13

7,500

18.00

6,525

20.69

10,000

12.00

8,700

13.80

7,500

18.19

6,525

20.91

7,500

29.94

6,525

34.42

	Mark A. Zerbe — Executive Officer

52,500

*

7.25

45,675

8.34

15,000

7.25

13,050

8.34

20,000

17.13

17,400

19.69

20,000

8.94

17,400

10.28

10,000

12.00

8,700

13.80

25,000

17.06

21,750

19.61

	Alvin L. Zimmerman — Director

12,750

10.17

11,092

11.69

13,500

18.88

11,745

21.71

5,000

29.63

4,350

34.06

5,000

36.00

4.350

41.38

2,500

40.13

2,175

46.13

7,500

18.00

6,525

20.69

11,563

8.94

10,059

10.28

10,000

12.00

8,700

13.80

7,500

18.19

6,525

20.91

7,500

29.94

6,525

34.42

	Karl Zoldan — Executive Officer

10,000

8.94

8,700

10.28

3,000

8.94

2,610

10.28

2,000

8.94

1,740

10.28

2,500

12.00

2,175

13.80

10,000

29.50

8,700

33.91

* 

	As provided in the option agreement under which this currently
	unvested option was granted, at the effective time of the
	merger, the vesting of this option will automatically
	accelerate, so that it thereafter will be fully vested and
	exercisable. See also “— Agreements with
	Management” below.

Agreements with Management

Morrie K. Abramson, a co-founder and the chairman of the board
of Kent and until June 29, 2000, its chief executive
officer, retired as an employee on March 31, 2001, and
pursuant to his employment agreement with Kent, effective
April 1, 2001, he became entitled to receive an annual
retirement benefit in the amount of $852,000 per year, subject
to annual cost of living adjustments based on the consumer price
index. This benefit is payable to Mr. Abramson, his wife or his
estate until the last to occur of April 1, 2016, his death
and the death of his wife if she is married to him at the time
of his death. The employment agreement has been amended, with
Avnet’s consent, to provide that, concurrently with the
closing of the merger, Kent will pay to Mr. Abramson a lump sum
of $25,068,000, less the value of monthly payments of the
retirement benefit paid from April 1, 2001, through the
closing of the merger. Kent and Mr. Abramson have agreed
that this lump sum payment will fully discharge Kent’s
obligation to Mr. Abramson with respect to his retirement
benefit. The $25,068,000 represents the sum of (a) the
estimated amount sufficient to purchase an annuity contract that
would provide the after-tax equivalent of the retirement
benefit, based on a 5% assumed annual increase in the consumer
price index, and (b) the estimated amount of federal and
state income taxes payable on the amount described in (a).

In addition, effective April 1, 2001, Mr. Abramson
began to receive compensation under a consulting agreement with
Kent. This agreement provides that during a term beginning
April 1, 2001, and ending April 1, 2006, or sooner as
otherwise provided, he will receive a consulting fee from Kent
at the annual rate of $250,000. When the consulting agreement
terminates, Mr. Abramson, his wife or his estate would be
entitled to continue receiving an annuity in the amount of
$250,000 per year, subject to cost of living adjustments based
on the consumer price index, until the last to occur of
(1) fifteen years after termination, (2) his death and
(3) the death of his wife if she is married to him at the
time of his death. The consulting agreement will be terminated
concurrently with the merger, and in accordance with the early
termination provisions of the consulting agreement, as amended
with Avnet’s consent, Kent will pay to Mr. Abramson a
lump sum of $6,092,000, which Kent and Mr. Abramson have
agreed will fully discharge Kent’s obligation to
Mr. Abramson with respect to the above annuity. The
$6,092,000 represents the sum of (a) the estimated amount
sufficient to purchase an annuity contract that would provide
the after-tax equivalent of the $250,000 annuity amount, based
on a 5% assumed annual increase in the consumer price index,
plus (b) the estimated amount of federal and state income
taxes payable on the amount described in (a), less
(c) $1,250,000 as agreed between Mr. Abramson and
Avnet.

Kent shareholder approval of the merger would be a “change
in control” of Kent as defined in Mr. Abramson’s
consulting agreement. Upon the termination of Mr.
Abramson’s consulting agreement in connection with the
merger, Mr. Abramson would be entitled, under the terms of
that agreement, to receive certain additional payments
(“Additional Termination Payments”) which in the
aggregate are expected to equal approximately $22,910,000.

If Mr. Abramson is deemed to have received “excess
parachute payments” as defined in Section 280G of the
Internal Revenue Code with respect to any compensation payable
to him under the consulting agreement, Kent will pay him an
additional amount to the extent necessary to hold him harmless
from the effects of any federal excise taxes imposed on
“excess parachute payments.” The payments to
Mr. Abramson that may be subject to Section 280G
include (1) the accelerated payment of his post-termination
compensation under the consulting agreement, and (2) the
Additional Termination Payments described above. Without giving
consideration to any alternatives that might be available for
mitigation of the effect of these excise taxes, Kent would be
obligated to make a payment to Mr. Abramson of
approximately $13,437,000.

To the extent that any payment required to be made to
Mr. Abramson under the consulting agreement were treated as
an excess parachute payment under Section 280G, neither the
payment so made, nor any additional amount paid to
Mr. Abramson to hold him harmless from the excise tax
imposed on such payment, would be deductible by Kent for federal
income tax purposes.

Mr. Abramson and his wife are entitled to receive lifetime
health coverage from Kent for medical, dental and prescription
drug expenses not covered by Medicare.

Avnet has entered into employment agreements with Larry D.
Olson, Kent’s chief executive officer and president, and
Mark A. Zerbe, an executive vice president of Kent. These
agreements are effective as of the effective time of the merger
and will terminate on the second anniversary of the effective
time unless terminated earlier for cause, except that in the
case of Mr. Olson, his agreement will automatically renew
for additional one year terms until either Avnet or
Mr. Olson gives at least one year’s advance notice of
termination.

Mr. Olson will serve as president of a new specialty
components division of Avnet’s Electronics Marketing Group,
which will include the former operations of Kent. Mr. Zerbe
will serve as head of the Datacomm division of Avnet’s
Computer Marketing Group. The employment agreements provide for
annual salary and incentive compensation aggregating not less
than $600,000 for Mr. Olson and $450,000 for Mr. Zerbe.

The merger will be a “change in control” of Kent as
defined in severance agreements between Kent and each of its
executive officers Frank M. Billone, Stephen J. Chapko,
Richard J. Hightower, David D. Johnson, Larry D. Olson, and
Mark A. Zerbe. In general, these agreements provide that if
after the merger any of these officers’ employment is
terminated for any reason, including death or retirement and
with or without cause, the terminated officer would be entitled
to a cash lump sum severance payment equal to the highest amount
of his annual cash compensation (two times that amount in the
case of Mr. Olson) during the five fiscal years preceding
the year of the change in control. The merger agreement permits
Kent to make these change in control payments to the abovenamed
executive officers concurrently with the closing of the merger,
even if their employment is not terminated. The estimated
payments will be as follows: Mr. Billone —
$433,572; Mr. Chapko — $1,153,522;
Mr. Hightower — $1,104,496;
Mr. Johnson — $815,000;
Mr. Olson — $5,216,000; and
Mr. Zerbe — $505,202. In addition, all unvested
employee stock options held by any of these executive officers
will immediately vest on the date of his termination after the
merger. See “— Stock Options” above. Also,
if a terminated officer is deemed to have received “excess
parachute payments” as defined in Section 280G of the
Internal Revenue Code with respect to his severance payment,
Kent will pay the terminated officer an additional amount
sufficient to pay all excise taxes applicable to the
“excess parachute payments.”

Indemnification; Directors’ and
Officers’ Insurance

Avnet has agreed that Kent, as the surviving corporation in the
merger, and Avnet will at all times after the effective time of
the merger indemnify each present and former Kent officer and
director to the fullest extent permitted by Texas law and
Kent’s articles of incorporation and by-laws, against
losses he or she incurs which arise out of or relate to service
as an officer or director before the effective time. Avnet has
also agreed that for six years after the effective time, it will
maintain directors’ and officers’ liability insurance
covering Kent’s pre-merger officers and directors who are
currently covered by Kent’s existing policies, on terms
substantially no less advantageous to them than Kent’s
existing insurance. See “The Merger Agreement —
Covenants — Indemnification; Directors’ and
Officers’ Insurance” on page 63.

Kent’s Convertible Notes

In September and October 1997, Kent issued $207,000,000 of
4.5% Convertible Subordinated Notes due 2004, under the terms of
an Indenture between Kent Electronics Corporation, as Issuer,
and Texas Commerce Bank National Association, as Trustee, dated
as of September 23, 1997. The notes are, at the
holders’ option, convertible into an aggregate of 4,179,285
shares of Kent common stock based on a conversion price of
$49.53 per share, subject to adjustment in certain events.
Interest is payable semi-annually on March 1 and September 1 of
each year, and the Notes are redeemable at the option of the
Company at set redemption prices (which is currently 101.93% of
principal and will be 101.29% of principal beginning
September 1, 2002, and 100.64% of principal beginning
September 1, 2003), plus accrued interest.

As a result of the merger, Avnet will assume Kent’s
obligations under the notes in accordance with the terms of the
indenture, and the notes will, at the holders’ option, be
convertible into an aggregate of 3,635,977 shares of Avnet
common stock (the 4,179,285 shares of Kent common stock
multiplied by the merger

exchange ratio (0.87)) at a conversion price of $56.93 per share
(the pre-merger conversion price of $49.53 divided by the merger
exchange ratio).

Under the indenture, the merger will be a “change in
control” and, therefore, will be a “repurchase
event” that will entitle each holder of notes, at the
holder’s option, to require Avnet to repurchase all or a
portion of such holder’s notes at a price equal to 100% of
the principal amount of the notes, plus accrued and unpaid
interest through the date of repurchase. Kent will be required
to give note holders notice within 15 days after the
occurrence of the repurchase event (that is, the closing of the
merger), and the note holders may exercise their repurchase
rights within 30 days after Kent gives the required notice.
If all note holders were to exercise their repurchase right with
respect to all of their notes, Avnet will be required to pay to
the holders $207,000,000 plus accrued and unpaid interest
through the date of repurchase.

Public Trading Markets

The Kent common stock is currently listed on the New York Stock
Exchange under the symbol “KNT.” Upon consummation of
the merger, the Kent common stock will be delisted from the
Exchange and deregistered under the Securities Exchange Act of
1934.

The Avnet common stock is currently listed on the New York Stock
Exchange and the Pacific Exchange under the symbol
“AVT” and will continue to be listed on both exchanges
after the merger. See “Market Price and Dividend
Information.”

No Dissenters’ Rights

Article 5.11 of the Texas Business Corporation Act provides
that a shareholder of a Texas corporation may have the right to
dissent from a plan of merger to which the corporation is a
party if shareholder approval of the merger is required by Texas
law and the shareholder was entitled to vote on the merger.
Article 5.12 of the Texas Business Corporation Act provides
a procedure under which a dissenting shareholder may receive the
“fair value” in cash of his or her shares, either by
agreement with the surviving corporation in the merger or as
determined in a judicial proceeding. However, dissenters’
rights are not available to shareholders (a) whose
securities are listed on a national securities exchange or the
Nasdaq National Stock Market or are held of record by not less
than 2,000 holders, and (b) who are not required by the
terms of the plan of merger or plan of exchange to accept for
such shareholder’s shares any consideration different from
that provided to any other holder of shares of the same class,
and any consideration other than (1) shares of a
corporation that immediately after the merger or exchange will
be part of a class or series of shares which are listed on a
national securities exchange or approved for quotation as a
national market security on an interdealer quotation system, or
held of record by not less than 2,000 shareholders, and
(2) cash in lieu of fractional shares otherwise entitled to
be received. Because the Kent common stock is listed on the New
York Stock Exchange, and because holders of Kent common stock
will receive in the merger Avnet common stock, which is and
after the merger will be listed on the New York Stock Exchange,
and cash in lieu of fractional Avnet shares, holders of Kent
common stock will not have dissenters’ rights with respect
to the merger.

Regulatory Approvals

Business combinations such as the merger may not be consummated
until the acquiring entity and the entity to be acquired file
certain information with the United States Department of Justice
and the Federal Trade Commission (the “FTC”) pursuant
to the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, and
post-filing waiting period requirements have been satisfied.
Avnet and Kent filed the required information and materials with
the Department of Justice and the FTC with respect to the merger
on April 10, 2001, and the required waiting period will
expire at 11:59 p.m. on May 10, 2001, unless
terminated at an earlier date by the FTC or the Department of
Justice, or unless Avnet or Kent shall previously have received
a request from either of them for additional information.

At any time before or after the effective time of the merger,
notwithstanding the expiration of the Hart-Scott waiting period,
the Department of Justice, the FTC, any state or a private
person or entity could seek under federal or state antitrust
laws to enjoin the merger or to cause Avnet to divest itself of
all or part of Kent

or of other Avnet businesses. Based on information available to
them, management of Avnet and Kent believe that the merger can
be effected in compliance with all applicable antitrust laws.
However, there can be no assurance that a challenge to the
merger on antitrust grounds will not be made or that, if such a
challenge is made, Avnet and Kent will prevail. The obligations
of Avnet and Kent to consummate the merger are subject to the
condition that no court or other governmental entity shall have
instituted a proceeding seeking injunctive or other relief in
connection with the merger and related transactions, and that
there shall not be any judgment, decree, injunction, ruling or
order of any court or other governmental entity that prohibits,
restricts or delays consummation of the merger.

Avnet and Kent are not aware of any license or regulatory permit
which is material to the business of Kent and which is likely to
be adversely affected by the merger, or of any approval or other
action by any state, federal or foreign government or
governmental agency (other than the FTC and the Department of
Justice pursuant to the Hart-Scott Act) that would be required
prior to the merger.

Accounting Treatment

Avnet intends to account for the merger by the
pooling-of-interests method of accounting. Under this method of
accounting, the recorded assets and liabilities of Avnet and
Kent will be carried forward at their recorded amounts to Avnet
after the merger, income of Avnet after the merger will include
the income of Avnet and Kent for the entire fiscal year in which
the merger occurs, and the reported income of Avnet and Kent for
prior periods will be combined and restated as income of Avnet
after the merger. In the merger agreement, Kent represented that
it has not taken or agreed to take any action, and agreed that
it will take no action or fail to take any action, which would
prevent the merger from qualifying for pooling-of-interests
accounting treatment. See “— Resales of Avnet
Shares by Affiliates of Kent” below. It is not a condition
to the merger that Avnet be able to account for it as a pooling
of interests, and accounting for the merger as a purchase rather
than as a pooling of interests would not have a materially
different effect on Avnet’s post-merger financial condition
or results of operations.

Surrender of Kent Share Certificates

Promptly after the effective time of the merger, Avnet’s
appointed exchange agent will send to each record holder of Kent
common stock as of the effective time of the merger a letter of
transmittal giving notice of the merger and containing
instructions for surrendering Kent stock certificates in
exchange for Avnet stock certificates. 
You should not attempt
to forward your Kent stock certificates to us until you receive
the letter of transmittal.

From and after the effective time, each Kent stock certificate
will represent only the right to receive the number of Avnet
shares fixed by the merger exchange ratio for each Kent share
evidenced by that Kent certificate and a cash payment without
interest in lieu of any fractional Avnet share. Dividends and
other distributions payable on the Avnet shares after the
effective time of the merger and before the exchange of
certificates by any holder of Kent shares, together with any
cash payment in lieu of a fractional Avnet share, will be
remitted to such holder, without interest, only at the time that
his or her Kent stock certificates are surrendered for exchange.

Resales of Avnet Shares by Affiliates of Kent

None of the Avnet shares received by the Kent shareholders in
the merger will be subject to restrictions on resale or other
transfer by them under the Securities Act of 1933, except that
persons who are “affiliates” of Kent before the merger
may resell the Avnet shares they receive in the merger only
pursuant to an effective registration statement under the
Securities Act or in transactions exempt from the registration
requirements of the Securities Act by virtue of, for example,
Rule 145 under the Securities Act. An affiliate of Kent is
defined in Rule 144 under the Securities Act as a person
that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries,
controls, or is controlled by, or is under common control with,
Kent.

In general, under Rule 145, an affiliate of Kent, together
with certain members of his or her immediate family, would be
entitled, for a period of one year after the effective time of
the merger, to sell Avnet shares

received in the merger only through unsolicited
“brokers’ transactions” or in transactions
directly with a “market maker,” as such terms are
defined in Rule 144. Additionally, (1) the number of
Avnet shares received in the merger that an affiliate of Kent
may sell within any three-month period during that one-year
period may not exceed the greater of (a) one percent of the
outstanding shares of Avnet common stock, and (b) the
average weekly trading volume of the Avnet common stock during
the four calendar weeks preceding such sale, and (2) Rule
145 would only be available for resales of Avnet shares by
affiliates of Kent at a time when Avnet has filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission all periodic reports it is
required to have filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
(Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K). After one year from the effective
time, affiliates of Kent who are not affiliates of Avnet would
be able to sell freely the Avnet shares received by them in the
merger, subject only to the above-mentioned periodic reports
requirement, which would continue to apply until two years after
the effective time of the merger, at which time former
affiliates of Kent who are not then affiliates of Avnet would be
able to sell such Avnet shares without any restrictions.

Kent has agreed to identify to Avnet all persons who may be
deemed affiliates of Kent for purposes of Rule 145,
including all directors and executive officers of Kent, and has
advised such persons of the resale restrictions imposed by
applicable securities laws, including the SEC’s Accounting
Series Release No. 135 (“ASR 135”).
Under accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States, it is a general condition to the use of
pooling-of-interests accounting for a business combination that
the combination represents a sharing of rights and risks among
the shareholders of the combining entities. ASR 135 and
related interpretations of the SEC staff provide, in general,
that this risk-sharing condition will be satisfied if no
affiliate of either entity in a business combination sells
(privately or publicly), or in any way reduces his risk relative
to, any common shares received in the business combination (or
common shares of either combining company held by an affiliate
of either company) during the period beginning 30 days before
the consummation of the business combination and ending at such
time as financial results covering at least 30 days of
post-merger combined operations have been published. An
agreement entered into before the end of such post-merger period
which requires the sale of shares after such period would
preclude pooling treatment, as would any agreement to reduce the
risk borne by an affiliate shareholder after the combination.

The SEC staff has interpreted ASR 135 to permit certain
immaterial sales by affiliates. To be immaterial, (i) the
sales by an affiliate must not be greater than 10 percent
of that affiliate’s pre-combination (or equivalent
post-combination) shares, and (ii) the aggregate sales by
all affiliates of a combining entity must not exceed the
equivalent of one percent of that entity’s pre-combination
outstanding shares.

Kent agreed in the merger agreement to deliver to Avnet
agreements from Kent’s directors, executive officers and
other affiliates that they will comply with the provisions of
ASR 135 and related interpretations of the SEC staff. Avnet
agreed in the merger agreement that it will use its reasonable
best efforts to publish, no later than 15 days after the
end of the first month after the effective time of the merger in
which there are at least 30 days of post-merger combined
operations, combined sales and net income data contemplated by
and in accordance with ASR 135.

THE MERGER AGREEMENT

Terms of the Merger

At the effective time of the merger, Alpha Acquisition Corp., a
wholly-owned subsidiary of Avnet, will merge into Kent, the
separate existence of Alpha will cease, and Kent will be the
surviving corporation in the merger and a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Avnet.

At the effective time of the merger,

• 

	each share of Kent common stock then issued and outstanding and
	held by Kent, Avnet or Alpha will be retired automatically,

• 

	each other share of Kent common stock then issued and
	outstanding will be converted into the right to receive 0.87 of
	a share of Avnet common stock,

• 

	each share of Alpha then issued and outstanding will be
	converted into one share of Kent, the surviving corporation, and

• 

	each share of Avnet common stock then issued and outstanding
	will remain an issued and outstanding share of Avnet common
	stock.

Fractional shares of Avnet common stock will not be issued to
Kent shareholders pursuant to the merger agreement. Instead,
holders of Kent common stock will receive an amount in cash
(without interest) equal to (1) the fraction of a share of
Avnet common stock to which the holder would otherwise be
entitled, multiplied by (2) $25.84, the average of the
closing prices of a share of Avnet common stock during the five
trading days preceding March 21, 2001, the date of the
merger agreement.

Closing; Effective Time of the Merger

The merger agreement provides that the closing of the merger
will take place on the second business day after the day on
which the last of the conditions to the merger set forth in the
merger agreement is fulfilled or waived, unless Avnet and Kent
agree to another time or date. On or as soon as practicable
after the closing date, Alpha and Kent will deliver articles of
merger to the Secretary of State of Texas. The merger will
become effective when the Secretary of State issues a
certificate of merger or such other time as is set forth in the
articles of merger.

Articles of Incorporation and By-laws of the Surviving
Corporation

The merger agreement provides that the articles of incorporation
and by-laws of Kent as in effect immediately before the
effective time of the merger will continue after the effective
time to be the articles of incorporation and by-laws of the Kent
as the surviving company in the merger, until such time, if
ever, as they may be amended in accordance with Texas law.

Directors and Officers of the Surviving Corporation

The merger agreement provides that the persons serving as
directors of Alpha immediately before the effective time of the
merger will continue as the directors of Kent as the surviving
corporation at and after the effective time of the merger, and
that before the merger Avnet will name persons who will serve as
the officers of Kent at and after the effective time of the
merger.

Representations and Warranties

The merger agreement contains representations and warranties of
Kent, Avnet and Alpha, most of which are customary for
agreements of this nature and some of which are qualified as to
materiality or knowledge.

Kent represents and warrants to Avnet and Alpha, and Avnet and
Alpha represent and warrant to Kent, that, among other things,

• 

	they (and Kent’s subsidiaries) are corporations duly
	organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws
	of the states where they are organized,

• 

	Avnet, Kent and Kent’s subsidiaries have the power and
	authority to carry on their businesses as now being conducted,

• 

	Avnet, Kent and Alpha have the power and authority to execute
	and deliver the merger agreement, and the power and authority,
	assuming that the shareholders of Kent and Avnet approve the
	merger agreement, to carry out their obligations under the
	merger agreement,

• 

	the merger agreement is a valid, binding and enforceable
	obligation of Avnet, Kent and Alpha,

• 

	the execution and delivery of the merger agreement and, in the
	case of Kent, the option agreement and the inducement agreements
	described herein under the caption “Other Agreements,”
	and the performance of the transactions contemplated by the
	merger agreement and, in the case of Kent, the inducement
	agreements and option agreement, will not result in a default,
	breach, termination or violation of, or conflict with, their
	charters and by-laws or contracts to which they are parties, or
	violate or conflict with any law, rule or regulation to which
	they are subject,

• 

	the execution, delivery and performance of the merger agreement
	and the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement will
	not result in the creation of any lien or other encumbrance on
	the assets of Kent, Kent’s subsidiaries, Avnet or Alpha, or
	result in any change in their rights or obligations under any
	material contract, except where the encumbrance or change would
	not reasonably be likely to have a material adverse effect on
	the business, financial condition or results of operations of
	Avnet or Kent,

• 

	all consents and approvals required by any governmental entity
	or other person not a party to the merger agreement to permit
	the merger and other transactions contemplated by the merger
	agreement have been or will be obtained,

• 

	the financial statements of Avnet and Kent have been prepared in
	accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and
	present fairly in all material respects the consolidated
	financial position and results of operations of Avnet and Kent
	as of the dates and for the periods indicated,

• 

	Avnet and Kent have made on time all filings with the Securities
	and Exchange Commission required to be made after January 1,
	2000, and such filings were, and future filings will be,
	prepared in compliance in all material respects with the
	requirements of federal securities laws, and were or will be
	materially accurate when filed,

• 

	except as disclosed by Kent to Avnet or in Kent’s SEC
	filings, there have been no events since April 1, 2000,
	which resulted in, or are likely to result in, a material
	adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results of
	operations or properties of Kent, and since June 30, 2000,
	there have been no events which have had or are likely to have a
	material adverse effect on the business, financial condition,
	results of operations or properties of Avnet, and

• 

	there are no brokers, investment bankers or financial advisors
	entitled to compensation in connection with the transactions
	contemplated in the merger agreement other than those specified
	in the merger agreement.

Kent represents and warrants to Avnet and Alpha as to the
following matters, among others:

• 

	the good standing of Kent and its subsidiaries as foreign
	corporations in jurisdictions other than their jurisdictions of
	incorporation,

• 

	Kent’s authorized, outstanding and reserved capital stock
	and its outstanding warrants and employee and director stock
	options,

• 

	Kent’s trade accounts receivable and inventory,

• 

	tax matters,

• 

	the compensation payable to Kent’s officers and key
	employees,

• 

	Kent’s material contracts and principal customers and
	suppliers,

• 

	its title to real property, intellectual property and other
	property,

• 

	its employee benefits, employment agreements and labor matters,

• 

	pending or threatened legal proceedings against Kent or any of
	its subsidiaries or to which any of them is a party,

• 

	the validity and sufficiency of all licenses, franchises,
	permits and other governmental authorizations held by Kent and
	its subsidiaries that are used in Kent’s business,

• 

	the conduct of Kent’s business being in compliance with
	applicable laws,

• 

	Kent’s insurance coverage,

• 

	environmental matters,

• 

	contracts between Kent and any of its directors, officers and
	affiliates other than employment related benefits agreements, and

• 

	the absence of any action or intended action by Kent or any of
	its subsidiaries, and Kent’s lack of knowledge of any fact
	or circumstances with respect to Kent or its subsidiaries, which
	would prevent the merger from being treated for financial
	reporting purposes as a pooling of interests in accordance with
	generally accepted accounting principles or the rules of the
	Securities and Exchange Commission.

Avnet and Alpha represent and warrant to Kent as to the
following matters, among others:

• 

	Avnet’s and Alpha’s authorized, outstanding and
	reserved capital stock,

• 

	the shares of Avnet common stock issuable in the merger being
	validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and not subject to
	any pre-emptive or similar rights,

• 

	the absence of judicial or administrative proceedings or
	investigations that if resolved adversely to Avnet would
	reasonably be likely to result in a materially adverse effect on
	the business, financial condition or results of operations of
	Avnet, or impair Avnet’s ability to consummate the merger,

• 

	the absence of any action or intended action by Avnet or Alpha,
	and Avnet’s lack of knowledge of any fact or circumstance,
	which would prevent the merger from being a tax-free
	reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the
	Internal Revenue Code,

• 

	the validity and sufficiency of all licenses, franchises,
	permits and other governmental authorizations held by Avnet and
	its subsidiaries and material to Avnet’s business,

• 

	the conduct of Avnet’s business being in compliance with
	applicable laws,

• 

	tax matters,

• 

	Avnet’s employee benefit plans, and

• 

	environmental matters.

Conditions to the Merger

The obligations of each of Kent, Avnet and Alpha to effect the
merger are subject to the fulfillment or waiver, at or before
the effective time of the merger, of the following conditions,
among others:

• 

	the approval of the merger agreement by the shareholders of Kent
	and Avnet,

• 

	receipt of all approvals required by any U.S. or foreign
	governmental entity, except where it is not reasonably likely
	that the failure to obtain such approval would have a material
	adverse effect on the

	business, financial condition or results of operations of Avnet
	and its subsidiaries taken as a whole or Kent and its
	subsidiaries taken as a whole,

• 

	the absence of any pending governmental proceeding seeking
	injunctive or other relief in connection with the merger,

• 

	the absence of any judgment, decree, injunction, ruling or order
	by any court or other governmental entity that prohibits,
	restricts or delays consummation of the merger,

• 

	the absence of a Securities and Exchange Commission stop order
	suspending the effectiveness of the Form S-4 registration
	statement of which this proxy statement/ prospectus is a part,
	and

• 

	receipt by each of Avnet and Kent of an opinion of its counsel
	stating that the merger will be treated for United States
	federal income tax purposes as a tax-free reorganization within
	the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code,
	that each of Kent, Alpha and Avnet will be a party to that
	reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(b) of the
	Code, and that Avnet, Alpha and Kent will not recognize any gain
	in the merger. See “Material Federal Income Tax
	Consequences of the Merger” (page 70). However, this
	condition will be satisfied with respect to Avnet or Kent if
	counsel to the other delivers the required opinion, even if its
	counsel does not deliver the opinion.

The obligations of each of Avnet and Kent to effect the merger
are also subject to the fulfillment or waiver by each of them of
the following conditions:

• 

	the representations and warranties of the other in the merger
	agreement must be true and correct in all material respects both
	as of the date of the merger agreement and on the closing date
	of the merger, except where the failure to be true and correct
	would not have a material adverse effect on the other,

• 

	the other must have complied in all material respects with all
	covenants requiring compliance by it prior to the closing date
	of the merger, except where the failure to comply does not
	result in a material adverse effect on the other, or prevent the
	consummation of the transactions contemplated by the merger
	agreement, and

• 

	from the date of the merger agreement, no event shall have
	occurred having or likely to have a material adverse effect on
	the other.

Kent’s obligations to effect the merger are also subject to
the condition that the New York Stock Exchange has approved for
listing the shares of Avnet common stock distributable in the
merger and upon exercise of the Kent stock options which Avnet
is assuming. See “— Covenants — Stock
Options” on page 63.

Covenants

Access to Information

Kent and Avnet have agreed to give each other’s
representatives reasonable access during normal business hours
before the effective time of the merger to all its properties,
books, records, documents, tax returns, personnel, auditors and
counsel, and each of them will furnish promptly to the other all
information concerning itself as the other may reasonably
request, as well as all written communications it receives from
or delivers to any governmental entity in respect of the
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement.

Consents

Kent has agreed that it will use its commercially reasonable
efforts to obtain all consents from the other parties to its
material contracts, if necessary or appropriate to allow the
consummation of the merger. Both Kent and Avnet agreed to use
their commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all permits or
approvals of any governmental entity required for the lawful
consummation of the merger.

The Special Meetings

Avnet and Kent each agreed to take all action necessary in
accordance with applicable laws, its charter documents and the
policies of the New York Stock Exchange to convene and hold a
meeting of its shareholders as promptly as practicable to
consider and vote upon the merger agreement and all related
matters, in each case subject to compliance by the directors of
Kent and Avnet with their respective fiduciary duties as advised
by counsel. Each of Kent and Avnet also agreed to recommend,
through its board of directors, that its shareholders approve
the merger agreement and related matters, and to use its best
efforts to obtain such approval unless its board of directors
determines in good faith, after receiving written advice from
counsel, that such recommendation and best efforts would create
a reasonable likelihood of a breach of the fiduciary duties of
its board of directors to its shareholders under applicable law.

Conduct of Kent’s Business before the
Merger

Kent has agreed that before the effective time of the merger,
unless Avnet otherwise agrees, among other things it will

• 

	operate its business only in the ordinary course of business
	consistent with past practices,

• 

	use its reasonable efforts to preserve its existing business
	organization, insurance coverage, rights, licenses or permits,
	advantageous business relationships, agreements and credit
	facilities,

• 

	retain and keep available the services of its present officers,
	employees and agents,

• 

	preserve the goodwill of its customers, suppliers and others
	having business relations with it, and

• 

	timely pay all taxes when due in accordance with Kent’s
	past practices.

Subject to compliance with applicable laws and existing
contractual obligations, Kent and its subsidiaries will not
before the effective time of the merger

• 

	enter into any transaction or commitment, or dispose of or
	acquire any properties or assets, except purchases and sales of
	inventory in the ordinary course of business consistent with
	past practices,

• 

	implement any new employee benefit plan or employment,
	compensatory or severance agreement,

• 

	amend any existing employee benefit plan or employment
	agreement, except as required by law or the merger agreement,

• 

	take any action that would be reasonably likely to jeopardize
	the continuance of any material supplier or customer
	relationship,

• 

	make any change in the nature of their businesses and operations,

• 

	enter into any transaction or agreement with their officers,
	director or affiliates,

• 

	incur or agree to incur any obligation or liability for payment
	of more than $250,000 except transactions in the ordinary course
	of business,

• 

	make any tax election or make any change in any method or period
	of accounting or any change in any accounting policy, practice
	or procedure,

• 

	take or fail to take any action that would prevent, or would be
	reasonably likely to prevent, the merger from qualifying for
	pooling of interests accounting treatment, or

• 

	amend their charter documents or by-laws.

Kent will not, before the effective time of the merger,

• 

	declare or pay any dividend or make any other distribution in
	respect of its capital stock,

• 

	split, combine or reclassify any shares of its capital stock, or
	issue, redeem or acquire any of its equity securities, options,
	warrants or convertible instruments except pursuant to existing
	contractual obligations and commitments, or

• 

	grant any more options to purchase its common stock.

Conduct of Avnet’s Business before
the Merger

Avnet has agreed that before the effective time of the merger,
unless Kent otherwise agrees, it will

• 

	operate its business only in the ordinary course of business
	consistent with past practices,

• 

	use its reasonable efforts to preserve its existing business
	organization, insurance coverage, rights, licenses or permits,
	advantageous business relationships, agreements and credit
	facilities,

• 

	retain and keep available the services of its present officers,
	employees and agents, and

• 

	preserve the goodwill of its customers, suppliers and others
	having business relations with it.

Avnet will not, before the effective time of the merger,

• 

	amend its certificate of incorporation or by-laws,

• 

	declare or pay any dividend or make any other distribution in
	respect of its capital stock, other than its regular quarterly
	cash dividend consistent with past practice, or

• 

	split, combine or reclassify any shares of its capital stock, or
	redeem or acquire any of its equity securities, options,
	warrants or convertible instruments except pursuant to existing
	contractual obligations or employee benefit plans.

Agreement Not to Solicit Other Acquisition Proposals

Kent has agreed that it will not, nor will it authorize or
permit any of its subsidiaries, or its or their officers,
directors, employees, consultants, investment bankers,
attorneys, accountants or other representatives or agents,
directly or indirectly, to solicit, initiate or take any other
action to facilitate knowingly any inquiries or the making of
any proposal which is or may reasonably be expected to lead to
an “acquisition proposal,” or engage in any discussion
or negotiations relating to an acquisition proposal, or accept
any acquisition proposal. An acquisition proposal is any
proposal or offer relating to

• 

	any acquisition or purchase of all or a substantial part of the
	assets of Kent or any of its subsidiaries or more than 15% of
	any class of equity securities of Kent or any of its
	subsidiaries, or

• 

	any tender offer or exchange offer that if consummated would
	result in any person or entity beneficially owning 15% or more
	of any class of equity securities of Kent or any of its
	subsidiaries, or

• 

	a merger, consolidation or other business combination, a sale of
	all or substantially all the assets of Kent, or a
	recapitalization, liquidation or similar transaction involving
	Kent or any of its subsidiaries, other than the proposed
	business combination with Avnet.

However, Kent may comply with the Securities and Exchange
Commission rule with respect to a response to a tender offer.
Kent also may engage in discussions with a third party, who,
without any solicitation or encouragement by Kent, seeks to
initiate such discussions, and may furnish the third party
nonpublic information concerning Kent if the third party has
made a bona fide acquisition proposal which the board of
directors of Kent believes in good faith (after consultation
with its financial advisor) is a “superior proposal,”
meaning that

• 

	the proposal is reasonably capable of being completed, taking
	into account all relevant, legal, financial, regulatory and
	other aspects of the proposal and the source of its financing,

• 

	the proposal would, if consummated, result in a transaction more
	favorable to the shareholders of Kent, from a financial point of
	view, than the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement
	with Avnet, and

• 

	the person making the proposal has, or is reasonably likely to
	have or obtain, any necessary funds or customary commitments to
	provide any funds necessary to consummate the proposal;

and Kent’s board of directors concludes in good faith that
entering into discussions with, and furnishing nonpublic
information to, the third party may be necessary for the board
of directors to act in a manner consistent with its fiduciary
duties under applicable law. Kent may accept a superior proposal
at any time before the closing of the merger with Avnet,
provided that Kent terminates the merger agreement.

Stock Options

Currently, there are outstanding options to purchase an
aggregate of 2,441,641 shares of Kent common stock at prices
ranging from $7.25 to $40.13 per share under its employee and
director stock option plans and agreements. At the effective
time of the merger, Avnet will assume Kent’s obligations
under all these options then outstanding, which will
automatically become options to purchase Avnet shares. The
exercise price per share of Avnet common stock issuable upon
exercise of each such Avnet option will be equal to the per
share exercise price of the related Kent option divided by the
exchange ratio for the conversion of Kent common stock in the
merger (0.87), and the number of shares of Avnet common stock
issuable upon exercise of each such Avnet option will be equal
to the number of shares of Kent common stock that could have
been acquired under the related Kent option multiplied by the
exchange ratio. See “The Merger — Interests of
Certain Persons in the Merger and Possible Conflicts of
Interest” for information about the options held by
Kent’s directors and executive officers.

Kent has agreed not to take any action before the merger to
accelerate the vesting of any of its outstanding employee and
director stock options.

Warrants

Currently, there are warrants to purchase an aggregate of
300,000 shares of Kent common stock at a price of $22.8125 per
share. At the effective time of the merger, each such warrant
will be converted into a right to acquire shares of Avnet common
stock. The exercise price per share of Avnet common stock
issuable upon exercise of each such warrant will be equal to
$26.22, which is the per share exercise price of the warrant
before the effective time ($22.8125) divided by the exchange
ratio for the conversion of Kent common stock in the merger
(0.87), and the number of shares of Avnet common stock issuable
upon exercise of each such warrant will be 261,000, which is the
number of shares of Kent common stock that could have been
acquired under such warrant before the effective time multiplied
by the merger exchange ratio.

Avnet Benefit Plans

When the merger is completed, the business of Kent will be
combined with the business of Avnet, and the former Kent
employees will be offered employee benefits which, in the
aggregate, are no less favorable to them than those Avnet
currently provides to its own employees. If an Avnet
employee’s eligibility to participate in an Avnet benefit
plan, or the vesting of benefits under a plan, is based on the
employee’s period of service with Avnet, a Kent employee
that becomes an Avnet employee as a result of the merger will
receive credit for his or her period of service with Kent before
the merger as if such service had been for Avnet.

Indemnification; Directors’ and
Officers’ Insurance

At all times after the effective time of the merger, Kent, as
the surviving corporation in the merger, and Avnet will
indemnify all present and former directors and officers of Kent
to the maximum extent permitted by Texas law and Kent’s
current articles of incorporation and by-laws, against all
losses, claims, liabilities, judgments, and amounts paid in
settlement with Avnet’s and Kent’s approval, in
connection with any actual or

threatened claim, action, suit, proceeding or investigation
arising out of or pertaining to any alleged action or omission
of such directors and officers before the effective time of the
merger. Also,

• 

	Kent and Avnet will pay or reimburse, to the maximum extent
	permitted by Texas law, expenses incurred by these directors and
	officers in advance of the final disposition of any such action
	or proceeding, and

• 

	Avnet will maintain directors’ and officers’ liability
	insurance for six years after the effective time of the merger
	covering Kent’s current officers and directors on terms
	substantially no less advantageous to them than Kent’s
	existing insurance.

Also, see “The Merger — Interests of Certain
Persons in the Merger and Possible Conflicts of
Interest — Indemnification; Directors’ and
Officers’ Insurance” (page 53) and
“Comparison of Avnet and Kent Shareholder
Rights — Indemnification of Directors and
Officers” (page 91).

Termination

The merger agreement may be terminated at any time before the
effective time of the merger, whether before or after approval
by Kent’s shareholders or Avnet’s shareholders, by the
mutual written consent of Kent and Avnet. It may also be
terminated by either Kent or Avnet without the consent of the
other if

• 

	any court or other governmental entity has issued a final,
	non-appealable order prohibiting the consummation of any of the
	transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, or

• 

	the merger has not been completed by September 30, 2001,
	and the party seeking termination has not failed to perform or
	observe in any material respect any of its covenants and
	agreements in the merger agreement, or

• 

	the Kent shareholders or the Avnet shareholders do not approve
	the merger agreement, or

• 

	the terminating party is not in material breach of any provision
	of the merger agreement in a manner that has or is reasonably
	likely to have a material adverse effect on the terminating
	party, and the non-terminating party has materially breached any
	provision of the merger agreement in a manner which has or is
	reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the
	non-terminating party, or which may reasonably be expected to
	prevent or materially delay the merger.

Kent may terminate the merger agreement without the consent of
Avnet

• 

	if the board of directors of Avnet has withdrawn, modified or
	changed its approval or recommendation of the merger agreement
	or the merger in a manner adverse to Kent, or has resolved to do
	so, or

• 

	for the purpose of entering into an agreement for a
	“superior proposal.”— See
	“Covenants — Agreement Not to Solicit Other
	Acquisition Proposals” above.

Avnet may terminate the merger agreement without the consent of
Kent if

• 

	the board of directors of Kent has withdrawn, modified or
	changed its approval or recommendation of the merger agreement
	or the merger in a manner adverse to Avnet, or has resolved to
	do so, or

• 

	Kent’s board of directors has approved or recommended a
	“superior proposal,” or

• 

	Kent’s board of directors has without Avnet’s written
	consent redeemed Kent’s preferred share purchase rights
	attached to the Kent common stock, or amended its shareholder
	rights plan, for any reason other than (1) to facilitate
	the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, or
	(2) following termination of the merger agreement by Kent
	for the purpose of entering into an agreement with a person that
	has made a superior proposal. See “Description of Kent
	Capital Stock — Shareholder Rights Plan” on
	page 80.

If the merger agreement is terminated as described above, the
merger agreement will become void, without any liability on the
part of Avnet and Kent to each other or to the shareholders of
each other; however, the termination will not relieve

• 

	the obligations of Kent and Avnet to indemnify the other party
	for liabilities based on material misstatements or omissions in
	the registration statement of which this proxy
	statement/prospectus is a part, or

• 

	the obligations of Kent and Avnet to keep confidential all
	non-public information disclosed by the other in connection with
	the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, or

• 

	the obligation of Kent or Avnet to pay a termination fee (see
	below).

Also, if the merger agreement is terminated by either Avnet or
Kent if the terminating party is not in material breach of any
provision of the merger agreement in a manner that has or is
reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the
terminating party, and the non-terminating party has materially
breached any provision of the merger agreement in a manner that
has or is reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on
the non-terminating party, or which may reasonably be expected
to prevent or materially delay the merger, then the terminating
party may exercise any and all rights or remedies available at
law or in equity for losses to the terminating party, and for
damages, including expenses which the terminating party incurred
in connection with the merger agreement and the transactions
contemplated in the merger agreement.

Termination Fees and Expenses

Whether or not the merger is consummated, each of Avnet and Kent
will pay its own expenses incurred in connection with the merger
agreement and the transactions contemplated by the merger
agreement.

Kent will pay Avnet $1,000,000 in cash if either Avnet or Kent
terminates the merger agreement because the Kent shareholders do
not approve the merger agreement. Kent will also pay to Avnet
$30,000,000 in cash, less any previous payment of the $1,000,000
and any amounts that Avnet recovers from Kent in litigation for
a material breach by Kent of the merger agreement, if

• 

	Avnet terminates the merger agreement because the board of
	directors of Kent has withdrawn, modified or changed its
	approval or recommendation of the merger agreement or the merger
	in a manner adverse to Avnet, or has resolved to do so, or

• 

	Avnet terminates the merger agreement because Kent’s board
	of directors has approved or recommended a “superior
	proposal,” or

• 

	Avnet terminates the merger agreement because Kent’s board
	of directors has without Avnet’s written consent redeemed
	Kent’s preferred share purchase rights or amended its
	shareholder rights plan for any reason other than (1) to
	facilitate the transactions contemplated by the merger
	agreement, or (2) following termination of the merger
	agreement by Kent for the purpose of entering into an agreement
	with a person that has made a superior proposal, or

• 

	Kent terminates the merger agreement for the purpose of entering
	into an agreement with a person that has made a “superior
	proposal,” and within one year of the termination date,
	Kent consummates a transaction or series of transactions with
	the person submitting the superior proposal, or with any
	affiliate of that person, and in the transaction more than 50%
	of Kent’s common stock or a majority of Kent’s assets
	are transferred to such person or any of its affiliates, or

• 

	any person successfully acquires more than 50% of Kent’s
	common stock, or Kent enters into a written agreement with any
	person other than Avnet that has made or in the future makes an
	“acquisition proposal,” and consummates a transaction
	or series of transactions with that person or any of its
	affiliates and in the transaction more than 50% of Kent’s
	common stock or a majority of Kent’s assets

	are transferred to such person or its affiliates, if such
	transaction is consummated or the acquisition occurs within one
	year following termination of the merger agreement

(a) 

	by Kent because the merger was not completed by
	September 30, 2001, and Kent had not failed to perform or
	observe in any material respect any of its covenants and
	agreements in the merger agreement, or

(b) 

	by Kent because the Kent shareholders did not approve the merger
	agreement, or

(c) 

	by Avnet, at a time when Avnet was not in material breach of any
	provision of the merger agreement in a manner that had or was
	reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on Avnet,
	and Kent had materially breached any provision of the merger
	agreement in a manner that had or was reasonably likely to have
	a material adverse effect on Kent, or which was reasonably
	expected to prevent or materially delay the merger.

Avnet will pay Kent $1,000,000 in cash if either Avnet or Kent
terminates the merger agreement because the Avnet shareholders
do not approve the merger agreement. Avnet will also pay Kent
$30,000,000, less any previous payment of the $1,000,000 and any
amounts that Kent recovers from Avnet in litigation for a
material breach by Avnet of the merger agreement, if Kent
terminates the merger agreement because the board of directors
of Avnet has withdrawn, modified or changed its approval or
recommendation of the merger agreement or the merger in a manner
adverse to Kent, or has resolved to do so.

Amendments, Extension and Waivers

Avnet and Kent may amend the merger agreement in writing at any
time before or after the Avnet shareholders and the Kent
shareholders approve the merger agreement. However, after
approval of the merger agreement by the Kent shareholders, the
merger agreement cannot be amended in any way that would under
Texas law require further approval of the Kent shareholders or
Avnet shareholders unless such further approval is obtained.

At any time before the effective time of the merger, Kent or
Avnet may extend the time for the performance of any of the
obligations or other acts of each other, waive any inaccuracies
in the representations and warranties of each other contained in
the merger agreement or in any document delivered pursuant to
the merger agreement, or waive compliance by each other with any
of the agreements or conditions contained in the merger
agreement. Any agreement of extension or waiver must be in
writing.

OTHER AGREEMENTS

Kent Option

At the time when Avnet and Kent executed and delivered the
merger agreement, they also entered into an option agreement
under which Kent granted Avnet an option (the “Kent
Option”) to purchase up to 2,863,474 shares of Kent common
stock, representing about 10% of the currently issued and
outstanding Kent common stock, at an exercise price of $22.48
per share, subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments and
payable in cash or by a seven-year senior subordinated Avnet
note. The exercise price is equal to the average of the closing
prices of a share of Avnet common stock during the five trading
days immediately preceding the date of the merger agreement,
multiplied by 0.87, the exchange ratio of Kent common stock into
Avnet common stock in the merger. Avnet may exercise the Kent
Option only after

• 

	any person unaffiliated with Avnet or Kent publicly announces an
	intention to acquire more than a majority of the outstanding
	shares of Kent common stock prior to the termination of the
	merger agreement, or

• 

	Kent terminates the merger agreement for the purpose of entering
	into a “superior proposal,” or

• 

	Avnet terminates the merger agreement because

(a) 

	Kent’s board of directors has withdrawn, modified or
	changed its approval or recommendation of the merger agreement
	or the merger in a manner adverse to Avnet, or has resolved to
	do so, or

(b) 

	Kent’s board of directors has approved or recommended a
	“superior proposal,” or

(c) 

	Kent’s board of directors has without Avnet’s written
	consent redeemed Kent’s preferred share purchase rights or
	amended its shareholder rights plan for any reason other than
	(1) to facilitate the transactions contemplated by the
	merger agreement, or (2) following termination of the
	merger agreement by Kent for the purpose of entering into an
	agreement with a person that has made a superior proposal, or

• 

	Either

(a) 

	Kent terminates the merger agreement because (1) the merger is
	not consummated by September 30, 2001, and Kent has not
	failed to perform or observe in any material respect any of its
	covenants and agreements in the merger agreement, or
	(2) the Kent shareholders did not approve the merger
	agreement, or

(b) 

	Avnet terminates the merger agreement when it is not in material
	breach of any provision of the merger agreement in a manner that
	has or is reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on
	Avnet, because Kent has materially breached any provision of the
	merger agreement in a manner that has or is reasonably likely to
	have a material adverse effect on Kent, or which may reasonably
	be expected to prevent or materially delay the merger,

	and within one year following the termination of the merger
	agreement, any person other than Avnet successfully acquires
	more than 50% of the Kent common stock, or Kent enters into a
	written agreement with any person other than Avnet that has made
	or in the future makes an “acquisition proposal,” and
	consummates a transaction or series of transactions with that
	person in which more than a majority of the Kent common stock or
	a majority of the assets of Kent are transferred to that person
	or any of its affiliates.

The Kent Option will expire on the earliest to occur of

• 

	the effective time of the merger,

• 

	the termination of the merger agreement if the Kent Option has
	not become exercisable and cannot become exercisable,

• 

	180 days after Kent Option becomes exercisable, and

• 

	the date on which Avnet’s “total recovery” equals
	$40,000,000.

For a period of 30 days after a “put event,”
defined as the earlier of the consummation, or the execution of
an agreement providing for, a “superior proposal,” but
in no event later than 180 days after the Kent Option
becomes exercisable, Avnet will have the right to cancel the
Kent Option and cause Kent or its successor to pay Avnet a
cancellation price equal to the product of

• 

	the number of shares as to which the Kent Option remains
	exercisable multiplied by

• 

	the excess of (a) the average per share closing price of a
	share of Kent common stock for the five trading days ending on
	the trading day immediately before the occurrence of the put
	event, over (b) the $22.48 exercise price of the Kent
	Option.

Avnet has the right to cause Kent to register for resale under
the Securities Act of 1933 the shares of Kent common stock Avnet
receives upon exercise of the Kent Option. Kent has the right to
cause Avnet to register for resale under the Securities Act any
senior subordinated notes issued by Avnet in payment of amounts
due upon exercise of the Kent Option.

The Kent Option provides that in no event shall Avnet’s
“total recovery” exceed $40,000,000 and if it
otherwise would exceed such amount, Avnet must either

	(1)  reduce the number of shares issuable under the Kent
	Option, or

	(2)  deliver to Kent for cancellation shares of Kent common
	stock, or

	(3)  pay cash to Kent, or

	(4)  reduce the amount of the cancellation price of the
	Kent Option, or

	(5)  do any combination of clauses (1) through (4),

so that Avnet’s actually realized total recovery will not
exceed $40,000,000. The Kent Option may not be exercised for a
number of shares as would, as of the date of exercise, result in
a “notional total recovery” of more than $40,000,000
and, if exercise of the Kent Option would otherwise result in
the notional total recovery exceeding such amount, Avnet may
take any of the actions specified in clauses (1) through
(5) above so that the notional total recovery will not
exceed $40,000,000.

“Total recovery” means:

• 

	the aggregate amount before taxes of

(A) 

	the excess of (x) the net cash amounts or fair market value
	of any property received by Avnet pursuant to a sale of shares
	issued under the Kent Option (or securities into which such
	shares are converted or exchanged) after payment of applicable
	brokerage or sales commissions and discounts, over (y) 
	Avnet’s aggregate exercise price for such option shares or
	other securities, plus

(B) 

	all amounts received by Avnet upon the cancellation of the Kent
	Option as described above, plus

(C) 

	any termination fee previously received by Avnet under the
	merger agreement,

minus

• 

	all amounts of cash previously paid to Kent pursuant to clause
	(3) above, plus the value of the Kent Option shares
	previously delivered to Kent for cancellation pursuant to clause
	(2) above, which value will be the aggregate exercise price
	paid for such Kent Option shares or other securities.

“Notional total recovery,” with respect to any number
of shares as to which Avnet may propose to exercise the Kent
Option, is the total recovery, determined as of the date of such
proposed exercise assuming that the Kent Option was exercised on
such date for such number of shares, and assuming that such
shares,

together with all other Kent Option shares held by Avnet and its
affiliates as of such date, were sold for cash at the closing
price for the Kent common stock as of the close of business on
the preceding trading day, less customary brokerage discounts
and commissions.

Nothing in the Kent Option affects Avnet’s ability to
receive, or relieves Kent’s obligation to pay, any
termination fee provided for in the Merger Agreement; however,
if and to the extent the total recovery received by Avnet would
exceed $40,000,000 following receipt of such termination
payment, Avnet will be obligated to take the actions specified
in clauses (1) through (5) above on the date on which Avnet
has realized cash and/or property representing a total recovery
in excess of $40,000,000.

Inducement Agreements

Also at the time when Avnet and Kent executed and delivered the
merger agreement, Avnet entered into an inducement agreement
with Larry D. Olson, Stephen J. Chapko, Richard J. Hightower and
Mark A. Zerbe, and a separate inducement agreement with Morrie
K. Abramson (collectively, the “Management
Shareholders”). In the inducement agreements, each of the
Management Shareholders

• 

	granted to Avnet an irrevocable proxy to vote all the shares of
	Kent common stock of which they are the beneficial owners with
	the power to vote (currently 592,250 shares in the aggregate),
	in favor of the approval of the merger agreement and against any
	other proposal for any recapitalization, merger, sale of assets
	or other business combination between Kent and any other person
	or entity other than Avnet or Alpha, or the taking of any action
	which would result in any of the conditions to Avnet’s
	obligations under the merger agreement not being fulfilled,

• 

	agreed that, except as expressly permitted by the merger
	agreement, he will not directly or indirectly initiate, solicit
	or encourage any inquiries or the making or implementation of
	any alternative proposal to acquire his shares of Kent common
	stock, or engage in any negotiations concerning, or provide any
	confidential information or data to, or have any discussions
	with, any person relating to such an alternative proposal, and

• 

	agreed that any additional shares of Kent common stock which he
	acquires, whether through a stock split, purchase or otherwise,
	will be subject to the terms of the inducement agreement.

The inducement agreements will expire on the earlier to occur of
the effective time of the merger or the termination of the
merger agreement in accordance with its terms.

The option agreement is attached as Appendix B to this
proxy statement/prospectus and is incorporated herein by
reference. The inducement agreements are attached as
Appendices C-1 and C-2 to this proxy statement/prospectus
and are incorporated herein by reference. The summaries above of
the option agreement and the inducement agreements are not
complete descriptions of all their terms, and are qualified in
their entirety by reference to Appendix B and
Appendices C-1 and C-2.

MATERIAL FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE MERGER

The following discussion summarizes the anticipated material
federal income tax consequences of the merger. The summary is
based upon the existing provisions of Internal Revenue Code of
1986, as amended, applicable Treasury regulations promulgated or
proposed thereunder and administrative rulings by the Internal
Revenue Service and judicial authority as of the date of this
proxy statement/ prospectus. All of the foregoing is subject to
change, possibly with retroactive effect, and any change could
affect the continuing validity of the discussion. The discussion
and the opinion of Carter, Ledyard & Milburn assume that
holders of shares of Kent common stock hold such shares as
capital assets. Further, the discussion does not address the tax
consequences that may be relevant to a particular shareholder
subject to special treatment under certain federal income tax
laws, such as dealers in securities, traders in securities that
elect to use a mark-to-market method of accounting, tax-exempt
organizations, foreign persons, persons that hold Kent common
stock as part of a “straddle,” “constructive
sale,” or “conversion” transaction and persons
who acquired shares of Avnet common stock or Kent common stock
through the exercise of employee stock options or rights or
otherwise as compensation or through a tax-qualified retirement
plan. This discussion does not address any consequences arising
under the laws of any state, locality or foreign jurisdiction.
No ruling has been or will be sought from the Internal Revenue
Service as to the anticipated tax consequences of the merger.

Tax Opinions. 
It is a condition to the obligation of each
of Avnet and Kent to complete the merger that it receive an
opinion of its counsel that the merger will be treated for
federal income tax purposes as a reorganization within the
meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code, that Avnet, Alpha
and Kent will each be a party to that reorganization within the
meaning of Section 368(b) of the Code, and that Avnet,
Alpha and Kent will not recognize any gain in the merger.
However, these opinions will not be binding on the Internal
Revenue Service, and there can be no assurance that the IRS will
agree with the conclusions expressed in the opinions. The
opinions are and will be based in part upon certain assumptions
and certain representations made by Kent and Avnet customarily
made and given in transactions of this type.

Tax Consequences of the Merger. 
In the opinion of Carter,
Ledyard & Milburn, assuming that the assumptions and
representations described in the preceding paragraph are true
and complete as of the effective time, the merger will be
treated as a “reorganization” within the meaning of
Section 368(a) of the Code, and each of Avnet, Kent and
Alpha will be a party to that reorganization within the meaning
of 368(b) of the Code. As a result, subject to the paragraph
below, in general,

• 

	Avnet, Alpha and Kent will not recognize any gain as a result of
	the merger,

• 

	a holder of Kent common stock will not recognize any gain or
	loss as a result of the conversion of shares of Kent common
	stock into shares of Avnet common stock pursuant to the merger

• 

	the aggregate tax basis of the shares of Avnet common stock
	received in the merger will be the same as the aggregate tax
	basis of the shares of Kent common stock converted, and

• 

	the holding period of the shares of Avnet common stock received
	in the merger will include the holding period of shares of Kent
	common stock converted.

Cash Received in Lieu of Fractional Shares.
 If a holder
of shares of Kent common stock receives cash in lieu of a
fractional share of Avnet common stock, this fractional share
interest will be treated as having been distributed to the
holder, and the cash amount will be treated as received in
redemption of the fractional share interest. In general, the
holder will recognize capital gain or loss equal to the cash
amount received for the fractional share reduced by the portion
of the holder’s tax basis in shares of Kent common stock
surrendered that is allocable to the fractional share interest
in Avnet common stock. The capital gain or loss will be
long-term capital gain or loss if the holder’s holding
period in the Kent common stock allocable to the fractional
share interest for federal income tax purposes is more than one
year.

The preceding summary is not a complete analysis or
discussion of all potential tax effects relevant to the merger.
Kent shareholders are urged to consult their own tax advisers as
to the specific tax consequences to them of the merger,
including tax return reporting requirements, the applicability
and effect of federal, state, local, foreign and other
applicable tax laws and the effect of any proposed changes in
the tax laws.

PRO FORMA FINANCIAL DATA

The following unaudited pro forma combined condensed statements
of income combine Avnet’s results for its fiscal years
ended June 30, 2000, July 2, 1999 and June 26,
1998 with Kent’s results for its fiscal years ended
April 1, 2000, April 3, 1999 and March 28, 1998,
giving effect to the merger as if it had occurred on the first
day of Avnet’s fiscal year. As such, Kent’s period
from April 2, 2000 to June 30, 2000 has been omitted
from the pro forma condensed combined statements of income.
Kent’s sales, gross profit, income before income taxes and
net income for that period, excluding discontinued operations,
were approximately $223,313,000, $46,244,000, $9,863,000 and
$5,918,000, respectively. In addition, the unaudited interim pro
forma condensed combined statements of income combine
Avnet’s results for its first halves ended
December 29, 2000 and December 31, 1999 with
Kent’s results for its first halves ended
September 30, 2000 and October 2, 1999, giving effect
to the merger as if it occurred on the first day of Avnet’s
fiscal periods. The unaudited pro forma condensed combined
balance sheet combines the balance sheets of Avnet as of
December 29, 2000 and Kent as of December 30, 2000,
giving effect to the merger as if it had occurred on
December 29, 2000.

The pro forma adjustments reflect the application of
“pooling-of-interests” accounting as discussed below.
The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information
and the accompanying notes should be read together with
Avnet’s and Kent’s historical financial statements and
related notes contained in the annual reports and other
information that Avnet and Kent have filed with the SEC and
incorporated by reference. See “Where You Can Find More
Information” on page 94.

The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information
is provided for informational purposes only and does not purport
to represent what the combined financial position and results of
operations would actually have been had the merger and other pro
forma adjustments in fact occurred on the dates indicated. The
unaudited pro forma condensed combined statements of income do
not include the impact of nonrecurring charges or credits
directly attributable to the transaction. The unaudited pro
forma condensed combined statements of income exclude any
benefits that might result from the merger due to synergies that
may be derived from the elimination of any duplicate costs and
other productivity gains. In addition, the unaudited pro forma
condensed combined financial statements do not reflect costs to
be incurred for integration-related expenses necessary to reduce
costs and increase operational efficiency. The unaudited pro
forma condensed combined financial statements do not purport to
be indicative of the results that actually would have occurred
if the merger had occurred on the dates indicated, or of results
which may be obtained in the future. There have been no material
transactions between Avnet and Kent requiring adjustment in the
unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information.

For financial accounting purposes, it is expected that the
merger will be accounted for using the pooling-of-interests
method of accounting. Accordingly, (1) the historical cost
basis of the assets and liabilities of Avnet and Kent will be
carried forward to the combined company, (2) the results of
operations of the combined company will include the income of
Avnet and Kent for the entire fiscal period in which the
combination occurs and (3) the historical results of
operations of the separate companies for fiscal years before the
merger will be combined and reported as the results of
operations of the combined company. No adjustments have been
made to the historical financial statements of Avnet and Kent to
conform the accounting policies of the combining companies as
the nature and amounts of such adjustments are not expected to
be significant. Upon consummation of the merger, further review
of Kent’s accounting policies and financial statements may
require restatements of the combined entity’s financial
statements to conform to those policies and classifications that
are deemed most appropriate.

Some of the conditions to be met to qualify for
pooling-of-interests accounting cannot be fully assessed until
specified periods of time after the effective time of the merger
have passed because certain of the conditions for
pooling-of-interests accounting treatment address transactions
occurring within those specified periods of time. Certain
events, including divestitures and certain stock transactions,
could disqualify the merger from pooling-of-interests accounting.

AVNET, INC. AND KENT ELECTRONICS CORPORATION

PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED STATEMENT OF INCOME

For the Year Ended June 30, 2000

The following unaudited pro forma condensed consolidated
statement of income for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2000
assumes that the merger was completed as of July 3, 1999.

Pro Forma

Avnet

Kent

Adjustments

Pro Forma

(In thousands, except per share data)

(unaudited)

	Sales

$

9,172,205

$

742,837

$

—

$

9,915,042

	Cost of sales

7,883,719

586,538

—

8,470,257

	Gross profit

1,288,486

156,299

—

1,444,785

	Operating expenses

954,500

122,293

—

1,076,793

	Operating income

333,986

34,006

—

367,992

	Interest expense

(84,328

)

(10,470

)

—

(94,798

)

	Other income, net

4,873

5,579

—

10,452

	Income from continuing operations before income taxes

254,531

29,115

—

283,646

	Income taxes

109,390

11,692

—

121,082

	Income from continuing operations

$

145,141

$

17,423

$

—

$

162,564

	Earnings per share from continuing operations:

	Basic

$1.77

$

0.62

$

1.52

	Diluted

$1.75

$

0.60

$

1.50

	Shares used to compute earnings per share:

	Basic

82,213

28,062

(3,648

)

106,627

	Diluted

83,124

28,888

(3,755

)

108,257

The accompanying notes are an integral part of this Unaudited
Pro Forma

Condensed Combined Statement of Income.

AVNET, INC. AND KENT ELECTRONICS CORPORATION

PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED STATEMENT OF INCOME

For the Year Ended July 2, 1999

The following unaudited pro forma condensed consolidated
statement of income for the fiscal year ended July 2, 1999
assumes that the merger was completed as of June 27, 1998.

Pro Forma

Avnet

Kent

Adjustments

Pro Forma

(In thousands, except per share data)

(unaudited)

	Sales

$

6,350,042

$

455,694

$

—

$

6,805,736

	Cost of sales

5,401,472

356,237

—

5,757,709

	Gross profit

948,570

99,457

—

1,048,027

	Operating expenses

775,337

90,240

—

865,577

	Operating income

173,233

9,217

—

182,450

	Interest expense

(52,096

)

(10,495

)

—

(62,591

)

	Other income, net

1,875

11,127

—

13,002

	Gain on disposition of businesses

252,279

—

—

252,279

	Income from continuing operations before income taxes

375,291

9,849

—

385,140

	Income taxes

200,834

3,984

—

204,818

	Income from continuing operations

$

174,457

$

5,865

$

—

$

180,322

	Earnings per share from continuing operations:

	Basic

$2.45

$

0.21

$

1.89

	Diluted

$2.43

$

0.21

$

1.86

	Shares used to compute earnings per share:

	Basic

71,190

27,674

(3,598

)

95,266

	Diluted

71,834

28,099

(17

)

99,916

The accompanying notes are an integral part of this Unaudited
Pro Forma

Condensed Combined Statement of Income.

AVNET, INC. AND KENT ELECTRONICS CORPORATION

PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED STATEMENT OF INCOME

for the Year Ended June 26, 1998

The following unaudited pro forma condensed consolidated
statement of income for the fiscal year ended June 26, 1998
assumes that the merger was completed as of June 28, 1997.

Pro Forma

Avnet

Kent

Adjustments

Pro Forma

(In thousands, except per share data)

(unaudited)

	Sales

$

5,916,267

$

418,301

$

—

$

6,334,568

	Cost of sales

4,935,848

317,577

—

5,253,425

	Gross profit

980,419

100,724

—

1,081,143

	Operating expenses

709,243

78,390

—

787,633

	Operating income

271,176

22,334

—

293,510

	Interest expense

(39,988

)

(5,272

)

—

(45,260

)

	Other income, net

2,363

7,040

—

9,403

	Gain on disposition

33,795

—

—

33,795

	Income from continuing operations before income taxes

267,346

24,102

—

291,448

	Income taxes

115,922

9,648

—

125,570

	Income from continuing operations

$

151,424

$

14,454

$

—

$

165,878

	Earnings per share from continuing operations:

	Basic

$1.92

$

0.54

$

1.63

	Diluted

$1.90

$

0.51

$

1.59

	Shares used to compute earnings per share:

	Basic

78,750

26,598

(3,458

)

101,890

	Diluted

79,646

28,097

(3,653

)

104,090

The accompanying notes are an integral part of this Unaudited
Pro Forma

Condensed Combined Statement of Income.

AVNET, INC. AND KENT ELECTRONICS CORPORATION

PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED STATEMENT OF INCOME

for the First Half Ended December 29, 2000

The following unaudited pro forma condensed consolidated
statement of income for the first half ended December 29,
2000 assumes that the merger was completed as of July 1,
2000.

Pro Forma

Avnet

Kent

Adjustments

Pro Forma

(In thousands, except per share data)

(unaudited)

	Sales

$

6,348,630

$

454,677

$

—

$

6,803,307

	Cost of sales

5,416,235

360,473

—

5,776,708

	Gross profit

932,395

94,204

—

1,026,599

	Operating expenses

589,050

70,476

—

659,526

	Operating income

343,345

23,728

—

367,073

	Interest expense

(86,063

)

(5,385

)

—

(91,448

)

	Other income, net

1,993

2,841

—

4,834

	Income from continuing operations before income taxes

259,275

21,184

—

280,459

	Income taxes

111,467

8,472

—

119,939

	Income from continuing operations

$

147,808

$

12,712

$

—

$

160,520

	Earnings per share from continuing operations:

	Basic

$1.60

$

0.45

$

1.37

	Diluted

$1.59

$

0.43

$

1.33

	Shares used to compute earnings per share:

	Basic

92,213

28,446

(3,698

)

116,961

	Diluted

93,034

29,636

(217

)

122,453

The accompanying notes are an integral part of this Unaudited
Pro Forma

Condensed Combined Statement of Income.

AVNET, INC. AND KENT ELECTRONICS CORPORATION

PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED STATEMENT OF INCOME

For the First Half Ended December 31, 1999

The following unaudited pro forma condensed consolidated
statement of income for the first half ended December 31,
1999 assumes that the merger was completed as of July 3,
1999.

Pro Forma

Avnet

Kent

Adjustments

Pro Forma

(In thousands, except per share data)

(unaudited)

	Sales

$

3,757,094

$

323,673

$

—

$

4,080,767

	Cost of sales

3,243,622

257,990

—

3,501,612

	Gross profit

513,472

65,683

—

579,155

	Operating expenses

420,869

54,901

—

475,770

	Operating income

92,603

10,782

—

103,385

	Interest expense

(27,600

)

(5,153

)

—

(32,753

)

	Other income, net

2,820

3,136

—

5,956

	Income from continuing operations before income taxes

67,823

8,765

—

76,588

	Income taxes

30,545

3,520

—

34,065

	Income from continuing operations

$

37,278

$

5,245

$

—

$

42,523

	Earnings per share from continuing operations:

	Basic

$0.49

$

0.19

$

0.42

	Diluted

$0.49

$

0.18

$

0.42

	Shares used to compute earnings per share:

	Basic

76,316

27,984

(3,638

)

100,662

	Diluted

76,820

28,534

(3,709

)

101,645

The accompanying notes are an integral part of this Unaudited
Pro Forma

Condensed Combined Statement of Income.

AVNET, INC. AND KENT ELECTRONICS

PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED BALANCE SHEET

As of December 29, 2000

The following unaudited pro forma condensed consolidated balance
sheet as of December 29, 2000 assumes that the merger was
completed at that date.

Pro Forma

Avnet

Kent

Adjustments

Pro Forma

(In thousands)

(unaudited)

	Assets:

	Current assets:

	Cash and interest-bearing investments

$

211,819

$

212,753

$

—

$

424,572

	Receivables

2,483,707

260,292

—

2,743,999

	Inventories

2,418,253

121,531

—

2,539,784

	Other

88,361

9,593

—

97,954

	Total current assets

5,202,140

604,169

—

5,806,309

	Property, plant and equipment at cost, net

383,858

55,063

—

438,921

	Goodwill

1,211,863

101,071

—

1,312,934

	Other assets

255,198

16,125

—

271,323

	Total assets

$

7,053,059

$

776,428

$

—

$

7,829,487

	Liabilities:

	Current liabilities:

	Borrowings due within one year

$

1,479,421

$

4,000

$

—

$

1,483,421

	Accounts payable

1,273,813

72,347

—

1,346,160

	Accrued expenses and other

463,514

90,856

12,000

566,370

	Total current liabilities

3,216,748

167,203

12,000

3,395,951

	Long-term debt, less due within one year

1,627,866

212,000

—

1,839,866

	Total liabilities

4,844,614

379,203

12,000

5,235,817

	Shareholders’ equity:

	Common stock

92,273

74,690

(49,784

)

117,179

	Additional paid-in capital

360,893

118,464

48,807

528,164

	Retained earnings

1,750,666

205,048

(12,000

)

1,943,714

	Cumulative translation adjustments

4,964

—

—

4,964

	Common stock held in treasury

(351

)

(977

)

(351

)

	Total shareholders’ equity

2,208,445

397,225

(12,000

)

2,593,670

	Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity

$

7,053,059

$

776,428

$

—

$

7,829,487

The accompanying notes are an integral part of this Unaudited
Pro Forma

Condensed Combined Balance Sheet.

Notes to Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial
Information

1.  Avnet and Kent estimate that they will incur direct
transaction costs of approximately $12 million associated with
the merger. These costs consist primarily of fees and expenses
of investment bankers, attorneys and accountants, SEC filing
fees, stock exchange listing fees, and financial printing and
other related charges. These expenses have not been reflected in
the unaudited pro forma condensed combined statements of income
as they are considered to be nonrecurring.

2.  Adjustments reflect the cancellation of Kent treasury
shares and the issuance of Avnet common stock to effect the
merger. This amount has been calculated by multiplying the
number of shares of Kent common stock outstanding at
December 29, 2000 (approximately 28,600,000 shares) by the
exchange ratio of 0.87. The number of shares of Avnet common
stock to be issued upon completion of the merger will be based
on the actual number of shares of Kent common stock outstanding
at that time.

3.  The pro forma combined per share amounts and weighted
average common shares reflect the combined weighted average of
Avnet common stock and Kent common stock for all periods
presented, after adjusting the number of shares of Kent common
stock to reflect the exchange ratio of 0.87 of a share of Avnet
common stock for each share of Kent common stock. Additionally,
as discussed on page 53, in 1997, Kent issued $207,000,000
of 4.5% Convertible Subordinated Notes due 2004 (the
“Notes”). The Notes were anti-dilutive in Kent’s
historical earnings per share calculations; however, on a pro
forma basis, the Notes are dilutive for certain periods. The pro
forma adjustments to the number of shares used to compute
diluted earnings per share from continuing operations for the
year ended July 2, 1999 and the first half ended
December 29, 2000 reflect the conversion of the Notes into
Avnet common stock as of the beginning of the period presented.

4.  Avnet expects to incur costs subsequent to the merger
to integrate the two companies. These costs will be charged to
operations subsequent to the merger and, therefore, are not
reflected in the unaudited pro forma condensed combined
financial information.

5.  The Avnet historical data used in preparing the
accompanying unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial
information includes the special charges discussed in more
detail in notes 3, 4, 5 and 6 to the selected historical
financial information of Avnet on page 12.

DESCRIPTION OF AVNET CAPITAL STOCK

Avnet is authorized to issue 300,000,000 shares of common stock,
par value $1.00 per share. At the close of business on
March 31, 2001, it had outstanding 92,427,557 shares of
common stock and 9,331 treasury shares. All outstanding shares
of common stock are fully paid and nonassessable.

The holders of shares of Avnet’s common stock have equal
rights to dividends from funds legally available for the payment
of dividends when, as and if declared by Avnet’s board of
directors, and are entitled, upon liquidation, to share ratably
in any distribution in which holders of common stock
participate. The common stock is not redeemable, has no
preemptive or conversion rights and is not liable for
assessments or further calls. The holders of shares of
Avnet’s common stock are entitled to one vote for each
share at all meetings of shareholders.

The transfer agent and registrar for Avnet’s common stock
is Wells Fargo Minnesota, N.A. Avnet’s common stock is
listed on the New York Stock Exchange and the Pacific Exchange.

Under its certificate of incorporation, Avnet is authorized to
issue up to 3,000,000 shares of preferred stock, in series. For
each series of preferred stock, Avnet’s board of directors
may fix the relative rights, preferences and limitations as
between the shares of such series, the shares of other series of
Avnet preferred stock, and the shares of Avnet common stock. No
shares of Avnet preferred stock are outstanding.

DESCRIPTION OF KENT CAPITAL STOCK

Kent Common Stock

Kent is authorized to issue 60,000,000 shares of Kent common
stock. Holders of Kent common stock are entitled to one vote per
share on all matters on which they are entitled to vote. Because
holders of Kent common stock do not have cumulative voting
rights, directors are elected by a plurality vote of shares
present at a meeting of shareholders, meaning that the nominees
who receive the greatest number of votes properly cast, even if
less than a majority, will be elected. Except as required by
Texas law for certain extraordinary transactions and as set
forth below under “Charter and By-law Provisions,” a
majority of the votes cast is sufficient for other actions that
require the vote or concurrence of shareholders. The Kent common
stock is not redeemable and has no conversion or preemptive
rights. All of the outstanding shares of Kent common stock are
fully-paid and nonassessable.

In the event of the liquidation or dissolution of Kent, subject
to the rights of the holders of any outstanding shares of Kent
preferred stock, the holders of Kent common stock are entitled
to share pro rata in any balance of the corporate assets
available for distribution to them.

Kent may pay dividends when and as declared by its board of
directors from funds legally available therefor.

Kent Preferred Stock

Kent is authorized to issue up to 2,000,000 shares of Kent
preferred stock, par value $1.00 per share. No shares of Kent
preferred stock are currently outstanding. The Kent board is
authorized to divide the Kent preferred stock into series and,
with respect to each series, to determine the dividend rights,
dividend rate, conversion rights, voting rights, redemption
rights and terms, liquidation preferences, sinking fund
provisions, the number of shares constituting the series and the
designation of such series. The Kent board could, without
shareholder approval, issue Kent preferred stock with voting
rights and other rights that could adversely affect the voting
power of holders of Kent common stock and could be used to
prevent a hostile takeover of Kent. The Kent board has set the
terms and conditions of a series of Kent preferred stock
consisting of 200,000 shares designated as Kent series A
preferred stock in connection with the adoption of a shareholder
rights plan. See “— Shareholder Rights Plan”
below. Except in connection with the possible triggering of such
plan, Kent has no present plans to issue any shares of Kent
preferred stock.

Charter and By-law Provisions

The Kent articles of incorporation have a “fair price”
provision relating to certain business combinations, including
certain mergers, consolidations, asset and stock conveyances,
liquidations and reclassifications. A business combination
includes

• 

	a merger or consolidation of Kent or any subsidiary with an
	interested shareholder,

• 

	a sale, lease, transfer, exchange, mortgage, pledge, or other
	disposition of all or any substantial part of the consolidated
	assets of Kent and its subsidiaries to any interested
	shareholder,

• 

	the adoption of a plan or proposal for the liquidation or
	dissolution of Kent proposed by or on behalf of an interested
	shareholder,

• 

	the issuance, pledge or transfer by Kent or any subsidiary of
	any securities of Kent or a subsidiary to an interested
	shareholder, and

• 

	any reclassification of securities, recapitalization, merger
	with a subsidiary or other transaction which has the effect of
	increasing an interested shareholder’s proportionate share
	of the outstanding equity securities of Kent.

Interested shareholder means any person, and any affiliate or
associate of that person, which

• 

	is the beneficial owner, as of the date of determination or
	immediately prior to the consummation of a business combination,
	of 10% or more of the voting stock of Kent,

• 

	was, at any time within two years preceding the date of
	determination or the consummation of a business combination, the
	beneficial owner of 10% or more of the voting stock of Kent, or

• 

	is an assignee of shares of voting stock of Kent which were at
	any time within two years preceding the date of determination or
	the consummation of a business combination beneficially owned by
	an interested shareholder, if such assignment did not involve a
	public offering.

The “fair price” provision provides that, except in
certain circumstances, any business combination between Kent and
an interested shareholder must be approved by the affirmative
vote of the holders of 80% of all shares of Kent entitled to
vote in elections of directors, unless certain pricing and
procedural requirements regarding the business combination are
satisfied. For instance, one such requirement is that the
aggregate consideration to be paid for each share of Kent common
stock must be at least equal to the highest per share price paid
by the interested shareholder to acquire any share of Kent
common stock during a specified period. Additionally, the higher
voting requirements do not apply to transactions approved by a
majority of the “continuing directors.” Generally, a
director is deemed to be a continuing director if he was a
director on May 15, 1987, or was appointed by a majority of
other continuing directors or elected by the shareholders after
having been recommended to the shareholders by a majority of
other continuing directors. The “fair price” provision
could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire
control of Kent.

The Kent board of directors is classified into three classes of
directors who serve staggered three-year terms. Newly created
directorships or vacancies on the board may only be filled by a
majority vote of directors then in office, even if less than a
quorum, and directors may be removed during their term only for
cause and only by the affirmative vote of two-thirds of all
shares of voting stock. The Kent by-laws also require that the
provisions described above may not be further amended, altered,
changed or repealed, nor may the number of directors be
increased, without either the affirmative vote of the holders of
not less than 80% of all shares of capital stock of Kent
entitled to vote at a meeting of shareholders, or the approval
of a majority of directors in office.

Shareholder Rights Plan

On October 21, 1999, the board of directors of Kent created
one preferred share purchase right for each outstanding share of
Kent common stock and issued such rights to Kent’s
shareholders of record at the close of business on
November 5, 1999. Each right entitles the registered holder
to purchase from the company one

one-hundredth of a share of series A preferred stock, par value
$1.00 per share, at a price of $100 per one one-hundredth of a
share, subject to adjustment. The description and terms of the
rights are fully set forth in a rights agreement between Kent
and ChaseMellon Shareholder Services L.L.C., as rights agent.

Until the “distribution date,” (a) the rights are
not exercisable, will be evidenced by the Kent common stock
certificates and will be transferable with and only with those
certificates, (b) Kent common stock certificates issued
after November 5, 1999 contain a legend incorporating the
rights agreement by reference, and (c) the surrender for
transfer of any certificates for Kent common stock outstanding
will also constitute the transfer of the rights associated with
the Kent common stock represented by such certificate.

The rights will separate from the Kent common stock and a
“distribution date” will occur upon the earlier of
(i) a public announcement that a person or group of
affiliated or associated persons has become an “acquiring
person” by acquiring or obtaining the right to acquire
beneficial ownership of 15% or more of the outstanding shares of
Kent common stock (the date of the announcement being the
“Stock Acquisition Date”), or (ii) ten business
days (or such later date as may be determined by Kent’s
board of directors before the distribution date occurs)
following the commencement of a tender offer or exchange offer
that would result in a person’s becoming an acquiring
person.

As soon as practicable after the distribution date, rights
certificates will be mailed to holders of record of Kent common
stock as of the close of business on the distribution date and
thereafter the separate rights certificates alone will represent
the rights. All shares of Kent common stock issued before the
distribution date will be issued with rights.

The rights will expire at the close of business on
November 5, 2009, unless earlier redeemed by Kent as
described below.

If a person becomes an acquiring person (except pursuant to a
tender or exchange offer for all outstanding shares of Kent
common stock at a price and on terms that the Kent board of
directors determines to be fair to and otherwise in the best
interests of Kent and its shareholders (a “Permitted
Offer”)), (a) each holder of a right will thereafter
have the right to receive, upon exercise, shares of Kent common
stock (or, in certain circumstances, cash, property or other
securities of Kent) having a current market price equal to two
times the exercise price of the right, and (b) all rights
that are, or in certain circumstances were, beneficially owned
by or transferred to any acquiring person (or certain related
parties) will be null and void. However, the rights will not be
exercisable in these circumstances until the rights are no
longer redeemable by Kent as described below.

For example, if a person becomes an acquiring person and the
exercise price of a right remains at $100, each right not owned
by an acquiring person or by certain related persons would
entitle its holder to purchase $200 worth of Kent common stock
(or other consideration, as noted above) based upon its then
current market price, for $100. Assuming that the Kent common
stock had a current market price of $20 per share at such time,
the holder of each valid right would be entitled to purchase 10
shares of Kent common stock for $100.

If at any time from and after the time a person becomes an
acquiring person, (i) Kent is acquired in a merger or other
business combination transaction (other than certain mergers
that follow a Permitted Offer), or (ii) 50% or more of
Kent’s assets or earning power is sold or transferred, each
holder of a right (except rights that previously have been
voided as set forth above) shall thereafter have the right to
receive, upon exercise, a number of shares of common stock of
the acquiring company having a current market price equal to two
times the exercise price of the right.

For example, at the current exercise price of $100 per right,
each right following a business combination or asset sale or
transfer would entitle its holder to purchase $200 worth of
common stock of the acquiring company for $100. Assuming that
the common stock of the acquiring company had a per share value
of $50 at such time, the holder of each issued right would be
entitled to purchase four shares of the common stock of the
acquiring company for $100.

The Purchase Price payable, and the number of one one-hundredths
of a share of series A preferred stock or other securities or
property issuable, upon exercise of the rights are subject to
adjustment to prevent dilution (i) in the event of a stock
dividend on, or a subdivision, combination or reclassification
of, the series A preferred stock, (ii) if holders of the
series A preferred stock are granted certain rights or warrants
to subscribe for series A preferred stock or convertible
securities at less than the current market price of the
series A preferred stock, or (iii) upon the
distribution to holders of the series A preferred stock of
evidences of indebtedness or assets (excluding regular quarterly
cash dividends) or of subscription rights or warrants (other
than those referred to above).

Kent may redeem all but not some of the rights at a price of
$.001 per right payable, at the option of Kent, in cash, shares
of Kent common stock or such other consideration as the Kent
board of directors may determine at any time prior to the
earlier of (1) the close of business on the tenth business
day after a person becomes an acquiring person, and (2) the
expiration date of the rights. When the rights are redeemed,
they will immediately terminate and will evidence only the right
to receive the $.001 redemption price.

At any time after a person becomes an acquiring person and prior
to a person’s becoming the beneficial owner of 50% or more
of the shares of Kent common stock then outstanding, Kent may
exchange some or all of the rights (other than rights owned by
an acquiring person or an affiliate or an associate of an
acquiring person, which will have become null and void) at an
exchange ratio of one share of Kent common stock, and/or other
equity securities deemed to have the same value as one share of
Kent common stock, per right, subject to adjustment.

Other than certain provisions relating to the principal economic
terms of the rights, any of the provisions of the rights
agreement may be amended by the board of directors of Kent
before the distribution date. After the distribution date, the
provisions of the rights agreement may be amended by the board
only in order to cure any ambiguity, defect or inconsistency, or
to make changes which do not materially adversely affect the
interests of holders of rights (excluding the interests of any
acquiring person); however, no amendment to adjust the time
period governing redemption may be made at any time when the
rights have ceased to be redeemable.

Although the rights are not intended to prevent a takeover of
Kent at a full and fair price, they have certain anti-takeover
effects. They are designed to deter an attempt to acquire Kent
in a manner which seeks to deprive Kent’s shareholders of
the full and fair value of their investment and may deter
attempts by significant shareholders to take advantage of Kent
and its shareholders through certain self-dealing transactions.
The rights may cause substantial dilution to a person or group
that acquires or attempts to acquire Kent without the rights
being redeemed. Therefore, the rights should encourage any
potential acquiror to seek to negotiate with the Kent board of
directors. Unless the approval is first obtained from the Kent
board or, in limited circumstances, the shareholders of Kent,
the rights may deter transactions, including tender offers,
which the majority of Kent shareholders may believe are
beneficial to them.

Kent has agreed to take all necessary action so that the
consummation of the merger and other transactions contemplated
thereby will not result in a distribution data for the rights
under the rights agreement.

COMPARISON OF AVNET AND KENT SHAREHOLDER RIGHTS

In connection with the merger, Kent shareholders will receive
common stock of Avnet. Kent is a Texas corporation, and Avnet is
a New York corporation. The laws of Texas and the Kent articles
of incorporation and by-laws differ in significant ways from the
laws of New York and the certificate of incorporation and
by-laws of Avnet. Because of these differences, the rights of
holders of Kent common stock will change when they receive Avnet
common stock in the merger.

Copies of the Kent articles of incorporation and by-laws and the
Avnet certificate of incorporation and by-laws are available
upon request. See “Where You Can Find More
Information” on page 94.

Below is a summary of some of the material differences between
Texas and New York law and between the articles of incorporation
and by-laws of Kent and the certificate of incorporation and
by-laws of Avnet. It is not practicable to summarize all
differences in this proxy statement/prospectus, but some of the
principal differences which could materially affect the rights
of Kent stockholders include the following:

Voting on Business Combinations

Generally, under Texas law, the vote of shareholders required
for approval of a plan of merger or exchange is the affirmative
vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of the outstanding
shares entitled to vote thereon of each constituent Texas
corporation.

Under New York law, a plan of merger, consolidation or share
exchange must be approved (a) by two-thirds of the votes of
all outstanding shares entitled to vote on the transaction, in
the case of New York corporations that were in existence on
February 22, 1998, such as Avnet, and that do not expressly
provide in their certificates of incorporation for majority
approval of such transactions, and (b) by a majority of the
votes of all outstanding shares entitled to vote on the
transaction, in the case of all other New York corporations. The
Avnet certificate of incorporation does expressly provide for
majority approval of such transactions. New York law also
provides that the holders of shares of a class, or series of a
class, of capital stock of a corporation shall be entitled to
vote together and to vote as a separate class on any merger or
consolidation in which (a) such shares will remain
outstanding after the merger or consolidation or will be
converted into the right to receive shares of stock of the
surviving or consolidated corporation or another corporation and
(b) the charter of the surviving or consolidated
corporation or such other corporation immediately after the
effectiveness of the merger or consolidation would contain any
provision that is not contained in the charter of the pre-merger
corporation and that, if contained in an amendment thereto,
would entitle the holders of shares of such class or series of a
class to vote as a separate class pursuant to the procedures
under New York law for class voting on charter amendments
discussed under “— Amendments to Charters.”

Approval of the Kent merger by Avnet’s shareholders is not
required by New York law since Alpha, not Avnet itself, is a
constituent corporation in the proposed merger. Avnet
shareholder approval of the merger is required by the policies
of the New York Stock Exchange because the number of the shares
of Avnet common stock issuable in the merger will be greater
than 20 percent of the number of shares of Avnet common
stock outstanding before the merger.

Though not applicable to the merger of Kent with Alpha
Acquisition Corp., under Texas law, no vote of the shareholders
of the sole surviving corporation in a merger is required (and
no dissenters’ rights are available to such shareholders)
if (1) the articles of incorporation of the surviving
corporation will not differ from its articles of incorporation
before the merger, (2) each shareholder of the corporation
whose shares were outstanding immediately before the effective
date of the merger will hold the same number of shares, with
identical designations, preferences, limitations and relative
rights, immediately after the effective date of the merger,
(3) the voting power of the number of voting shares
outstanding immediately after the merger, plus the voting power
of the number of voting shares issuable in the merger does not
exceed by more than 20% the voting power of the total number of
voting shares outstanding immediately prior to the merger,
(4) the number of participating shares outstanding
immediately after the merger, plus the number of participating
shares issuable in the merger, will not exceed by more than 20%
the total number of participating shares outstanding immediately
before the merger, and (5) the board of directors of the
corporation adopts a resolution approving the plan of merger.
New York law has no comparable provision.

Anti-takeover Provisions

Business Combination Statutes

The Texas Business Combination Law in general prohibits a
business combination between an issuing public corporation and
an affiliated shareholder, or any affiliate or associate of the
affiliated shareholder for three years after the time the
shareholder became an affiliated shareholder, unless

• 

	before that time, the board of directors of the corporation
	approved either the business combination or the transaction that
	resulted in the shareholder becoming an affiliated shareholder,
	or

• 

	at least six months after the time that the shareholder became
	an affiliated shareholder, the business combination is approved
	by the affirmative vote at a shareholders’ meeting of at
	least two-thirds of the outstanding voting shares that are not
	owned by the affiliated shareholder or an affiliate or associate
	of the affiliated shareholder.

The term “business combination” includes any merger,
share exchange or conversion of an issuing public corporation or
a subsidiary, with or caused by, an affiliated shareholder, and
the sale, lease, exchange, mortgage, pledge, transfer or other
disposition of assets of the corporation or any subsidiary
having an aggregate market value equal to or greater than 10% of
either the aggregate market value of all the assets of the
corporation on a consolidated basis or the aggregate market
value of all the outstanding common stock of the corporation, or
representing 10% or more of the earning power or net income,
determined on a consolidated basis, of the issuing public
corporation; the issuance or transfer by the issuing public
corporation or a subsidiary to an affiliated shareholder or its
affiliate or associate of shares of the corporation or a
subsidiary (other than as a result of the exercise of warrants
or rights to purchase shares of the corporation offered, or a
pro rata share dividend); the adoption of a plan or proposal for
the liquidation or dissolution of an issuing public corporation
proposed by, or pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or
understanding with an affiliated shareholder or its affiliate or
associate; transactions that would increase the affiliated
shareholder’s proportionate ownership percentage of the
outstanding shares of voting shares or securities convertible
into voting shares of the corporation; and any receipt by the
affiliated shareholder or its affiliate or associate of the
benefit of any loans, advances, guarantees, pledges or other
financial assistance or tax advantage provided by or through the
corporation.

In general, an “affiliated shareholder” is any person
who is the beneficial owner of 20% or more of the outstanding
voting shares of the issuing public corporation, or that, within
the preceding three-year period, was the beneficial owner of 20%
or more of the then outstanding voting shares of the issuing
public corporation. The term “beneficial owner” is
broadly defined to include any person that individually, or with
or through such person’s affiliates or associates, among
other things, beneficially owns such stock, or has the right to
acquire such stock (whether such right is exercisable
immediately or only after the passage of time) pursuant to an
agreement, arrangement or understanding or upon the exercise of
warrants, or options, or otherwise, or has the right to vote
such stock pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or
understanding, or has an agreement, arrangement or understanding
to acquire, hold, dispose or vote such stock with another person
who beneficially owns, or whose affiliate or associate
beneficially owns the stock.

The term “issuing public corporation” means a domestic
corporation that has 100 or more shareholders, any class or
series of its voting shares registered under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, or any class or series of its voting
shares qualified for trading in a national market system.

The restrictions of the Texas Business Combination Law do not
apply to a business combination of a corporation that has
expressly elected in its articles of incorporation or by-laws or
an amendment thereto not to be subject to it. The restrictions
also do not apply to a business combination with a shareholder
that has inadvertently become an affiliated shareholder and has
divested itself of a sufficient number of voting shares as soon
as practicable and would not at any time within the 3-year
period preceding the announcement date of the business
combination have been an affiliated shareholder but for the
inadvertent acquisition.

Because the Kent articles of incorporation do not opt out of the
Texas Business Combination Law, it is applicable to the merger;
however, the Kent board of directors unanimously approved the
merger and the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement
before Avnet became an interested shareholder.

Also, the Kent articles of incorporation provide in general that
the affirmative vote of the holders of 80% of all shares of
stock of the corporation entitled to vote in elections of
directors is required for the adoption or authorization of a
“business combination” with or involving any
“interested shareholder.” See “Description of
Kent Capital Stock — Charter and By-Law
Provisions” on page 80. Avnet’s certificate of
incorporation contains no comparable provision.

The business combination provisions of New York law are similar
to the above provisions of the Texas Business Combination Law,
except that (i) an “interested shareholder” under
New York law is the direct or

indirect beneficial owner of at least 20% (not 10%) of the
corporation’s voting stock, and (ii) the corporation
may not engage in a business combination (the definition of
which is similar to that under the Texas Business Combination
Law) with an interested shareholder for a period of five (rather
than three) years, unless the business combination or the
purchase of stock by means of which the interested shareholder
became such is approved by the corporation’s board of
directors in advance of such stock purchase, or unless the
interested shareholder was the beneficial owner of 5% or more of
the corporation’s outstanding voting stock on
October 30, 1985, and remains so until becoming an
interested shareholder.

After the five-year restricted period, an interested shareholder
of a New York corporation may engage in a business combination
with the corporation if the business combination is approved by
the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the shares
of the corporation’s voting stock other than those
beneficially owned by the interested shareholder and his
affiliates and associates, or if the value of the aggregate
consideration to be paid by the interested shareholder in
connection with the business combination satisfies certain
“fair price” formulas specified in the statute, and
the interested shareholder, after becoming such, has not
acquired any additional shares of voting of the corporation,
except as provided in the statute.

The New York business combination statute provides only limited
regulation of certain self-dealing transactions between a
corporation and certain large shareholders. Moreover, wholly
apart from the exceptions mentioned above, there are a number of
additional methods whereby even an interested shareholder can
benefit from a merger or sale of a corporation’s assets
during the first five years after becoming an interested
shareholder. For example, under New York law, a shareholder,
prior to becoming an interested shareholder, may solicit proxies
or shareholder consents to change the composition of the board
of directors, and the new board which the shareholder has
elected or helped to elect may approve a business combination
with the stockholder without the statutory delay. Also, an
interested shareholder may simply acquire control of the
corporation, remove the incumbent board and thereafter sell
assets to third parties.

Note that the Texas and New York laws

• 

	do not prohibit tender offers or in any way regulate when, how,
	at what price or by whom they may be made,

• 

	do not in any way delay the purchase of shares in tender offers,

• 

	do not interfere with the right of a shareholder, whether
	“interested” or not, to mount a proxy contest to
	remove incumbent management,

• 

	do not prevent a shareholder from buying sufficient stock to
	replace existing management immediately, and

• 

	unlike certain other anti-takeover statutes (e.g.
	Indiana’s), do not eliminate or delay a shareholder’s
	right to vote on the election of directors or on any other
	corporate matters except certain defined self-dealing
	transactions.

Shareholder Rights Plan

Kent has in place a shareholder rights plan under which there is
one right associated with each share of outstanding Kent common
stock, and each right currently entitles the registered holder,
after the “distribution date,” to purchase from Kent
one one-hundredth of a share of series A preferred stock at a
price of $100 (subject to adjustment). As discussed above, the
rights have anti-takeover effects. See “Description of Kent
Capital Stock — Shareholder Rights Plan” on
page 80.

Avnet has no similar rights plan.

“Greenmail” Statute

In addition to a business combination statute, New York law, but
not Texas law, includes a “greenmail” type of
anti-takeover provision, designed to prevent a corporation from
buying at a premium price a corporate raider’s interest in
the corporation. In general, no publicly held New York
corporation may purchase or agree

to purchase more than 10% of its stock from a shareholder for
more than the market value thereof (as defined) unless purchase
or agreement to purchase is approved by the affirmative vote of
the board of directors followed by the affirmative vote of the
holders of a majority of the votes of all outstanding shares
entitled to vote thereon, or such greater percentage as the
corporation’s certificate of incorporation may require.
This does not apply when the corporation offers to purchase
shares from all holders of its stock, or with respect to stock
which the holder has owned beneficially for more than two years.

Supermajority Voting

Under Texas law, an amendment to a corporation’s by-laws
normally requires the affirmative vote of the holders of a
majority of the shares that are entitled to vote on the
amendment, and that voted for or against or expressly abstained
with respect to the amendment, unless the corporation’s
articles of incorporation or by-laws provide for a different
vote. Kent’s by-laws provide that the affirmative vote of
the holders of not less than 80% of all shares of Kent stock
entitled to vote at a meeting of shareholders, or the
affirmative vote of a majority of the directors in office, will
be required to amend or repeal any of the provisions of
Kent’s by-laws relating to

• 

	the procedures for determining the business which may be
	conducted at an annual meeting of Kent shareholders,

• 

	the classification of the Kent board of directors into three
	classes with staggered three-year terms,

• 

	the removal of directors of Kent only for cause and only by a
	two-thirds vote of Kent’s shareholders,

• 

	the filling of vacancies on the board of directors, including
	newly-created directorships, only by majority vote of the
	directors then in office,

• 

	the procedure for Kent shareholders to nominate persons for
	election to the Kent board of directors,

• 

	any increase in the number of Kent directors, and

• 

	restrictions on amendments to the by-laws.

These provisions may have the effect of discouraging hostile or
unsolicited takeover attempts or proxy contests or,
alternatively, may encourage persons considering such actions to
negotiate with the existing Kent board.

Avnet’s certificate of incorporation and by-laws contain no
supermajority shareholder voting provisions.

Dissenters’ Appraisal Rights

Texas law generally entitles a shareholder to exercise its
dissenters’ rights upon a plan of merger (except for the
limited classes of mergers for which no shareholder approval is
required, and as set forth hereunder), the sale, lease, exchange
or other disposition of all, or substantially all, the property
and assets of the corporation if special authorization of the
shareholders is required and the shareholders hold shares
entitled to vote thereon, or a plan of exchange in which the
shares of the corporation held by the shareholders are to be
acquired, in accordance with certain procedural requirements.
Texas law, however, does not provide dissenters’ rights for
shareholders with respect to any plan of merger in which there
is a single surviving or new domestic or foreign corporation, or
from any plan of exchange if (a) the shares held by the
shareholder are part of a class, the shares of which are listed
on a national securities exchange or quoted on the Nasdaq
National Stock Market or held of record by not less than 2,000
shareholders and (b) the shareholder is not required by the
terms of the plan of merger or plan of exchange to accept for
such shareholder’s shares any consideration different than
that provided to any other holder of the shares of the same
class, and any consideration other than (1) shares of a
corporation that, immediately after the merger or exchange, will
be part of a class or series of shares which are listed, or
authorized for listing, on a national securities exchange, or
approved for quotation as a national market security on an
interdealer quotation system, or held of record by not less than
2,000 shareholders, and (2) cash in lieu of fractional
shares otherwise entitled to be received.

Shareholders of a New York corporation have the right to dissent
and receive payment of the fair value of their shares, in the
case of

• 

	certain amendments or changes to the certificate of
	incorporation adversely affecting their rights,

• 

	a merger or consolidation in which the corporation is a
	constituent corporation if the shareholder is entitled to vote
	thereon,

• 

	a merger or consolidation where the shareholder is not entitled
	to vote or if the shareholder’s shares will be canceled or
	exchanged for cash or other consideration other than shares of
	the surviving or consolidated corporation or another corporation,

• 

	any sale, lease, exchange or other disposition of all or
	substantially all the corporation’s assets which requires
	shareholder approval, other than a transaction wholly for cash
	which is conditioned upon the dissolution of the corporation
	within one year of the asset transaction, and

• 

	certain share exchanges.

Shareholders do not have appraisal rights with respect to
mergers, consolidations and share exchanges if their shares are
listed on a national securities exchange or designated as a
Nasdaq National Stock Market security. Unlike Texas law, New
York law does not also require for denial of appraisal rights
that the shares to be received in the merger, consolidation or
share exchange are not listed on a national securities exchange,
quoted on the Nasdaq National Stock Market, or held of record by
not less than 2,000 shareholders.

The procedures for perfecting appraisal rights are similar under
New York law and Texas law. New York law provides for a
procedure for the corporation to make a written offer prior to
the commencement of litigation (the “Offer”) to each
dissenting shareholder to pay cash for his or her shares at a
specified, uniform price which the corporation considers to be
their fair value. If the effective date of the corporate action
dissented from has occurred, the Offer must be accompanied by an
80% advance payment of the Offer price to each dissenting
shareholder who has submitted his or her stock certificates. If
the effective date has not yet occurred, such advance payment
shall be sent forthwith upon its occurrence. If the corporation
and a dissenting shareholder agree upon a price to be paid for
such dissenting shareholder’s shares within 30 days
after the making of the Offer, payment in full must be made by
the corporation within 60 days of the date on which the
Offer was made or within 60 days of the effective date,
whichever is later. If any dissenting shareholder fails to agree
with the corporation during the aforesaid 30-day period, or if
an Offer is not made within a specified period of time, only
then may a proceeding for judicial appraisal be commenced.

By contrast, Texas law provides that a dissenting shareholder,
not the corporation, must make the initial determination of fair
value and include it in the shareholder’s written demand
for payment, which the shareholder must deliver to the
corporation within 10 days after the effective date of the
corporate action dissented from. Within 20 days after
receiving this demand for payment from a dissenting shareholder,
the existing, surviving or new corporation must deliver or mail
to the shareholder a written notice in which the corporation
either accepts the fair value claimed in the dissenter’s
demand and agrees to pay it within 90 days after the
effective date of the corporate action dissented from, or
provides the corporation’s estimate of the fair value of
the shares, together with an offer to pay the amount of that
estimate within 90 days after the date on which the
corporate action was effected, upon receipt of notice within
60 days after that date from the dissenting shareholder
that he or she agrees to accept that amount. If within
60 days after the date on which the corporate action was
effected, the shareholder and the existing, surviving or new
corporation do not agree on the fair value of the
dissenter’s shares, then the dissenter or the corporation
may within 60 days after the expiration of the first 60-day
period file a petition in any court of competent jurisdiction in
the county in which the principal office of the Texas
corporation is located, asking for a finding and determination
of the fair value of the dissenter’s shares.

The concept of “fair value” in payment for shares upon
exercise of dissenters’ rights is different under New York
law and Texas law. Under Texas law, “fair value” must
be determined exclusive of any appreciation or depreciation in
anticipation of the proposed action. New York law does not
exclude such element of value but mandates that the court should
consider the nature of the transaction and its effect on the

corporation and its shareholders, and the concepts and methods
of valuation then customary in the relevant financial and
securities markets.

Amendments to Charters

Texas law requires the affirmative vote of the holders of at
least two-thirds of the outstanding shares entitled to vote
thereon for any amendment to the articles of incorporation,
unless any class or series of shares is entitled to vote thereon
as a class, in which event, the proposed amendment shall be
adopted upon receiving the affirmative vote of the holders of at
least two-thirds of the shares within each class or series of
outstanding shares entitled to vote thereon as a class and of at
least two-thirds of the total outstanding shares entitled to
vote thereon.

Under New York law, amendments to a certificate of incorporation
generally must be approved by vote of a majority of the votes of
all outstanding shares entitled to vote thereon at a meeting of
shareholders. The approval of a majority of the votes of all
outstanding shares of any class of capital stock of a
corporation, voting separately as a class, is required to
approve a proposed amendment to a corporation’s certificate
of incorporation, whether or not such holders are otherwise
entitled to vote on such amendment by the certificate of
incorporation, that:

• 

	would decrease the par value of the shares of such class, change
	any shares of such class into a different number of shares of
	the same class or into the same or a different number of shares
	of a different class, alter or change the designation, relative
	rights, preferences or limitations of the shares of such class,
	including the provision of new conversion rights or the
	alteration of any existing conversion rights, so as to affect
	them adversely;

• 

	would exclude or limit the voting rights of such shares, except
	as such rights may be limited by voting rights given to new
	shares then being authorized of any existing or new class or
	series of shares; or

• 

	would subordinate their rights by authorizing shares having
	preferences superior to the rights of such existing shares.

Amendments to By-laws

Under Texas law, the corporation’s board of directors may
amend the by-laws, unless the articles of incorporation or the
statutory provisions reserve the power exclusively to the
shareholders in whole or part, or the shareholders in amending
the by-laws expressly provide that the board of directors may
not amend the by-laws. Moreover, unless the articles of
incorporation or a by-law adopted by the shareholders provides
otherwise, a corporation’s shareholders may amend the
by-laws even though the by-laws may also be amended by its board
of directors. The Kent articles of incorporation provide that
the board of directors shall have the power to alter, amend, or
repeal the by-laws of the corporation or to adopt new by-laws.

Under New York law, except as otherwise provided in the
certificate of incorporation, by-laws may be amended, repealed
or adopted by a majority of the votes cast by the shares at the
time entitled to vote in the election of any directors. When so
provided in the certificate of incorporation or a by-law adopted
by the shareholders, by-laws also may be amended, repealed or
adopted by the board of directors by such vote as may be therein
specified, which vote may be greater than the vote otherwise
prescribed by New York law, but any by-law adopted by the board
of directors may be amended or repealed by the shareholders
entitled to vote thereon as provided by New York law. The Avnet
certificate of incorporation authorizes the board of directors
to adopt, amend or repeal its by-laws.

Dividends and Distributions

Texas law generally provides that the board of directors of a
corporation may authorize and the corporation may declare and
pay dividends or make other distributions on its outstanding
shares subject to any restrictions in its articles of
incorporation. Kent’s articles of incorporation contain no
such restrictions. However, distributions may not be made if,
after giving effect to the distribution, the corporation would be

insolvent or the distribution exceeds the surplus (defined as
the excess, if any, of net assets over stated capital) of the
corporation.

Under New York law, a corporation may declare and pay dividends,
or make other distributions in cash or its bonds or its
property, on its outstanding shares except when the corporation
is insolvent or would thereby be made insolvent, or when the
declaration, payment or distribution would be contrary to any
restrictions contained in the certificate of incorporation.
Avnet’s certificate of incorporation contains no such
restrictions. In general, dividends may be declared or paid and
other distributions may be made out of surplus only, so that the
net assets of the corporation remaining after such declaration,
payment or distribution shall at least equal the amount of its
stated capital.

Shareholder Action by Written Consent

Under Texas law, unless otherwise provided in the certificate of
incorporation, any action required or which may be taken at a
meeting of shareholders, may be taken without a meeting, without
prior notice and without a vote, if a written consent or
consents setting forth the action taken is signed by the holder
or holders of all the shares entitled to vote with respect to
the action that is the subject of the consent. The Kent articles
of incorporation do not authorize shareholders to act by less
than unanimous written consent.

New York law provides that shareholder action may be taken
without a meeting upon the written consent of the holders of all
outstanding shares entitled to vote, or if the certificate of
incorporation so provides, upon the written consent of holders
of outstanding shares having not less than the minimum number of
votes that would be necessary to authorize such action at a
meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were
present and voted. The Avnet certificate of incorporation does
not authorize shareholders to act by less than unanimous written
consent.

Director Nominations and Shareholder Proposals

The Kent by-laws require that to properly bring a director
nomination or shareholder proposal before the annual meeting, a
shareholder must give notice thereof to the corporate secretary
not less than 90 days nor more than 120 days prior to
the first anniversary of the preceding year’s annual
meeting; provided, however, that in the event that the date of
the meeting is changed by more than 30 days from such
anniversary date, notice by the shareholder to be timely must be
received no later than the close of business on the
10th day following the earlier of the day on which notice
of the date of the meeting was mailed or public disclosure of
the date of the meeting was made. In the event of a special
shareholder meeting at which directors are to be elected, such
notice of nomination shall be given not later than the close of
business on the 10th day following the earlier of the day
on which notice of the date of the meeting was mailed or public
disclosure of the date of the meeting was made.

The Avnet certificate of incorporation and by-laws do not impose
any notice requirements for a director nomination or shareholder
proposal. However, any such proposal is subject to the deadlines
and conditions set out in SEC Rule 14a-8 if the proponent
wants it included in Avnet’s proxy materials for a meeting
of shareholders.

Special Shareholder Meetings

Under Texas law, special meetings of the shareholders may be
called by the president, the board of directors, a person
authorized by the articles of incorporation or by-laws, or by
the holders of not less than 10% of all the shares entitled to
vote at the special meeting, unless the articles of
incorporation provide otherwise, but in no event may the
articles of incorporation require a number of shares greater
than 50% to call a special meeting. The Kent by-laws provide
that special shareholder meetings may be called by the chairman
of the board, any one of thedirectors, the president or the
holders of not less than one-tenth of all the shares having
voting power at such meeting.

New York law provides that special meetings of shareholders may
be called by the board of directors and by such persons as may
be authorized in the certificate of incorporation or the
by-laws. The Avnet by-laws

provide that special meetings of the shareholders may be called
by the board of directors or the chairman of the board, and
shall be called by the chairman of the board, the president or
the secretary at the written request of shareholders owning 75%
of the shares entitled to vote at the meeting.

New York law also provides that, if, for a period of one month
after the date fixed by or under the by-laws for the annual
meeting of shareholders or, if no date has been so fixed, for a
period of 13 months after the last annual meeting, there is
a failure to elect a sufficient number of directors to conduct
the business of the corporation, the board of directors shall
call a special meeting for the election of directors. If such
special meeting is not called by the board of directors within
two weeks after the expiration of such period or if it is called
but there is a failure to elect such directors for a period of
two months after the expiration of such period, holders of 10%
of the votes of the shares entitled to vote in an election of
directors may, in writing, demand the call of a special meeting
for the election of directors.

Under Texas law, only business within the purpose or purposes
described in the notice of the shareholder meeting may be
conducted at a special meeting of the shareholders. Under New
York law, only such business may be transacted at a special
meeting which is related to the purpose or purposes set forth in
the notice of meeting.

Classified Board of Directors

As permitted by Texas law, Kent’s by-laws provide that its
board of directors shall be divided into three classes, as
nearly equal in number as possible as determined by the board of
directors, with the term of office of one class expiring each
year.

New York law permits the certificate of incorporation or by-laws
of a New York corporation to divide its directors into as many
as four classes with staggered terms of office. However,
Avnet’s certificate and by-laws do not so provide for a
classified board of directors. Therefore, all of its directors
are elected annually for one-year terms.

Removal of Directors

Under Texas law, in the case of a corporation whose directors
have been classified as permitted by statutory provisions, and
unless the articles of incorporation provide otherwise, a
director may not be removed except for cause. Kent’s
by-laws provide that directors may be removed only for cause and
only by the affirmative vote of the holders of 66 2/3% of
all shares of stock entitled to vote at a meeting of
shareholders, voting together as a single class.

New York law provides that any or all of Avnet’s directors
may be removed for cause by vote of the shareholders, and, if
the certificate of incorporation or the specific provisions of a
by-law adopted by the shareholders so provides, directors may be
removed by action of the board of directors. If the certificate
of incorporation or the by-laws so provide, any or all of the
directors may be removed without cause by vote of the
shareholders. The Avnet certificate of incorporation provides
that directors may be removed without cause by the vote of
shareholders holding a majority of the shares of Avnet common
stock. An action to procure a judgment removing a director for
cause may be brought by the attorney general of New York or by
the holders of 10% of the outstanding shares, whether or not
entitled to vote.

Vacancies on the Board

Texas law and the Kent by-laws provide that any vacancies in the
board of directors shall be filled by the board of directors,
acting by not less than a majority of the directors then in
office, even if less than a quorum. In addition, under Texas
law, any vacancies in the board of directors may also be filled
by election at an annual or special meeting of shareholders
called for that purpose.

New York law provides that newly created directorships resulting
from an increase in the number of directors and vacancies
arising for any reason may be filled by vote of the board of
directors, whether or not constituting a quorum, except that:

• 

	vacancies resulting from the removal of directors without cause
	may be filled only by a vote of the shareholders, unless the
	certificate of incorporation or a specific provision of a by-law
	adopted by the shareholders provides that such a vacancy may be
	filled by a vote of the board of directors; and

• 

	the certificate of incorporation or by-laws may provide that all
	newly created directorships and vacancies may be filled only by
	a vote of the shareholders.

The Avnet by-laws provide that any vacancy created by the
removal of a director by the shareholders with or without cause
may be filled only by a vote of the shareholders, and that any
vacancy created for any other reason may be filled by a vote of
the board of directors or the shareholders.

Indemnification of Directors and Officers

Texas law and New York law permit a corporation to indemnify its
directors and officers for judgments, fines and other expenses
incurred by them in connection with an action or proceeding. In
connection with any pending, threatened or completed action,
suit, or proceeding, Texas law permits such indemnification only
against judgments, penalties, fines, settlements, and reasonable
expenses actually incurred by the person in connection with the
proceeding, and New York law permits such indemnification only
against amounts paid in settlement and reasonable expenses
incurred. In New York and Texas, indemnification is permitted
only if the director or officer has acted in good faith and in a
manner he or she reasonably believed to be in (in the case of a
director acting in his official capacity as a director of the
corporation) or not opposed to the best interests of the
corporation and, with respect to any criminal proceeding, had no
reasonable cause to believe his or her conduct was unlawful.
Furthermore, both states’ laws provide that expenses
incurred in defending any action or proceeding may be paid by
the corporation in advance of the final disposition upon receipt
of any written undertaking by or on behalf of the director or
officer to repay the amount paid if it is ultimately determined
that he or she is not entitled to be indemnified by the
corporation. Texas law also requires a written affirmation by
the director or officer of good faith belief that the director
or officer has met the standard of conduct necessary for
indemnification.

In Texas, a provision for a corporation for indemnification and
advancement of expenses, whether contained in the articles of
incorporation, the by-laws, a resolution of shareholders or
directors, an agreement, or otherwise, is generally valid only
to the extent it is consistent with the statutory provisions.

In New York, the statutory provisions for indemnification and
advancement of expenses are not exclusive of any other rights to
which those seeking indemnification or advancement of expenses
may be entitled under the certificate of incorporation or
by-laws or, when authorized thereby, in a resolution of
directors or shareholders or an agreement providing for
indemnification. Such other rights may, for example, provide for
indemnification against judgments and fines. New York law does
not permit such other indemnification in any case where a
judgment or final adjudication adverse to the director or
officer establishes that his or her acts were committed in bad
faith or were the result of active and deliberate dishonesty and
were material to the cause of action so adjudicated, or that he
personally gained in fact a financial profit or other advantage
to which he was not legally entitled.

Avnet’s and Kent’s by-laws provide for mandatory
indemnification of directors and officers, and for advancement
of indemnified expenses, to the full extent permitted by New
York law and Texas law, respectively.

Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the
Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers or
persons controlling Avnet or Kent pursuant to the foregoing
provisions, Avnet and Kent have been informed that, in the
opinion of the SEC, such indemnification is against public
policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore,
unenforceable.

Both New York law and Texas law permit a corporation to purchase
and maintain insurance on behalf of any director or officer of
the corporation against any liability asserted against him or
her and incurred by him or her in such capacity, whether or not
the corporation would have the power to indemnify the director
or officer against such liability. The directors and officers of
Avnet are currently covered under directors’ and
officers’ liability insurance. Such insurance, subject to
annual renewal and certain rights of the insurer to terminate,
provides an aggregate maximum of $50,000,000 of coverage for
directors and officers of Avnet and its subsidiaries against
claims made during the policy period.

Limitation of Personal Liability of Directors

Texas law provides that a corporation may include in its
articles of incorporation a provision which limits or eliminates
the liability of directors to the corporation or its
shareholders for monetary damages for an act or omission in the
director’s capacity as a director, except for conduct
specifically excluded from protection. Texas law does not permit
the elimination or any limitation of liability of a director for
breaching the duty of loyalty, failing to act in good faith,
engaging in intentional misconduct or a known violation of law,
obtaining an improper personal benefit from the corporation, or
violating applicable statutes that expressly provide for the
liability of a director. The Kent articles of incorporation
provide that a director’s liability to Kent shall be
eliminated or limited to the fullest extent permitted by Texas
law, including any changes in the law after adoption of such
articles.

New York law provides that a corporation’s certificate of
incorporation may contain a provision eliminating or limiting
the personal liability of directors to the corporation or its
shareholders for damages for any breach of duty in such
capacity. However, no such provision can eliminate or limit the
liability of any director

• 

	if a judgment or other final adjudication adverse to such
	director establishes that such director’s acts or omissions
	were in bad faith or involved intentional misconduct or a
	knowing violation of law, that the director personally gained in
	fact a financial profit or other advantage to which such
	director was not legally entitled, or that the director’s
	acts violated certain provisions of New York law, or

• 

	for any act or omission prior to the adoption of such a
	provision in the certificate of incorporation.

The Avnet certificate of incorporation provides that no director
will be personally liable to Avnet or its shareholders for
damages for any breach of duty as a director, except if a
judgment or other final adjudication adverse to him or her
establishes that his or her acts or omissions were in bad faith
or involved intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of
law, or that he or she personally gained in fact a financial
profit or other advantage to which he or she was not legally
entitled, or that his or her acts violated the provision of New
York law that imposes liability on directors who vote for or
concur in

• 

	the declaration of a dividend or other distribution to
	shareholders when the corporation is insolvent or would thereby
	be made insolvent or when the declaration or distribution would
	be contrary to any restrictions in the certificate of
	incorporation or when the stated capital of the corporation
	would be impaired thereby, or

• 

	the purchase of shares of the corporation except out of surplus
	or, under certain limited circumstances, out of stated capital,
	or

• 

	the distribution of assets to shareholders after dissolution of
	the corporation without providing for all known liabilities, or

• 

	the making of a loan to a director unless authorized by vote of
	the shareholders.

EXPERTS

The consolidated financial statements of Kent as of
April 1, 2000, and April 3, 1999, and for each of the
three years in the period ended April 1, 2000, included in
Kent’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 12,
2001, which is incorporated by reference in this proxy
statement/ prospectus, have been audited by Grant Thornton LLP,
independent certified public accountants, as indicated in its
report with respect thereto and are incorporated herein by
reference in reliance upon the authority of said firm as experts
in accounting and auditing.

The consolidated financial statements and schedule of Avnet as
of June 30, 2000, and July 2, 1999, and for the three
years in the period ended June 30, 2000, incorporated by
reference in this proxy statement/ prospectus have been audited
by Arthur Andersen LLP, independent public accountants, as
indicated in their report with respect thereto, and are
incorporated herein by reference in reliance upon the authority
of that firm as experts in giving said report.

The consolidated financial statements of Marshall Industries
incorporated by reference in this proxy statement/ prospectus
from Avnet’s Current Report on Form 8-K bearing cover
date of October 20, 1999, for the fiscal years ended
May 31, 1999, 1998 and 1997 have been audited by Arthur
Andersen LLP, independent public accountants, as indicated in
their report with respect thereto, and are incorporated herein
by reference in reliance upon the authority of that firm as
experts in giving said report.

LEGAL MATTERS

The validity of the Avnet common stock to be issued pursuant to
the merger agreement will be passed upon by David R. Birk,
Senior Vice President and General Counsel of Avnet.
Mr. Birk beneficially owns 121,929 shares of Avnet common
stock, which includes 114,250 shares issuable upon exercise of
employee stock options. Certain legal matters in connection with
the merger are being passed upon for Avnet by Carter, Ledyard
& Milburn, New York, New York, and certain legal matters in
connection with the merger are being passed upon for Kent by
Locke Liddell & Sapp LLP, Houston, Texas.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION FOR KENT AND AVNET SHAREHOLDERS

Independent Auditors Will Not Be Present at the Special
Meetings

Representatives of Grant Thornton LLP are not expected to be
present at the Kent special meeting, and representatives of
Arthur Andersen LLP are not expected to be present at the Avnet
special meeting.

Shareholder Proposals for the Next Annual Meeting

Kent has not scheduled an annual meeting for 2001 due to the
pending merger. Assuming the merger is completed, no 2001 annual
meeting will be held for Kent. If the merger were not completed,
an annual meeting of shareholders would be held before the end
of calendar year 2001. If such a meeting is held, any proposals
of Kent shareholders intended to be included in the Kent proxy
statement for such meeting would have to be received by Kent at
its corporate headquarters, 1111 Gillingham Lane, Sugar
Land, Texas 77478, attention Corporate Secretary, a reasonable
time before Kent begins to print and mail its proxy materials
with respect to such meeting.

Under Kent’s by-laws, a shareholder that desires to
nominate a person to be elected as a director of Kent or to
bring any other matter before an annual meeting of shareholders
must give adequate notice to Kent’s Secretary. To be
adequate, that notice must contain information specified in
Kent’s by-laws and be received by Kent not less than
90 days nor more than 120 days prior to the date that
is the one year anniversary of the previous year’s annual
meeting. If, however, the date of the annual meeting is changed
by more than 30 days from the anniversary date, notice of a
nomination or other matter to be brought before the annual
meeting must be received by the 10th day following the earlier
of (1) the date on which notice of the annual meeting was
mailed or (2) the date on which public disclosure of the date of
the annual meeting was made.

Avnet currently anticipates that it will hold its 2001 annual
meeting of shareholders on November 29, 2001. Any Avnet
shareholder who wishes to present a proposal for action at
Avnet’s 2001 annual meeting should take note that Avnet
must receive his or her proposal on or before 5:00 p.m. on
June 18, 2001, in order for it to be considered for
inclusion in Avnet’s proxy statement and form of proxy
relating to the 2001 annual meeting. In addition, if at the 2001
annual meeting, a shareholder makes a proposal which is not
included in Avnet’s proxy statement for the meeting, the
form of proxy issued with Avnet’s proxy statement may
confer discretionary authority to vote for or against such
shareholder proposal, unless the shareholder proponent shall
have given the Secretary of Avnet notice of such proposal prior
to September 4, 2001, and certain other conditions provided
for in the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission are
satisfied.

WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

Avnet has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission a
registration statement on Form S-4 under the Securities Act
that registers the distribution to the Kent shareholders of the
Avnet common stock to be issued in the merger. The registration
statement, including the attached exhibits and schedule,
contains additional relevant information about Avnet common
stock. The rules and regulations of the SEC allow us to omit
certain information included in the Registration Statement from
this proxy statement/prospectus.

Kent and Avnet file periodic reports, proxy statements and other
information with the Commission under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934. These filings contain important information which
does not appear in this proxy statement/prospectus. You may read
and copy this information at the SEC’s public reference
room at 450 Fifth Street, Washington, D.C. 20549. You may
obtain information on the operation of the SEC’s public
reference room in Washington, D.C. by calling the SEC at
1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC also maintains an Internet world wide
web site that contains reports, proxy statements and other
information about issuers, such as Kent and Avnet, that make
their SEC filings electronically. The address of that site is
http://www.sec.gov.

You can also inspect reports, proxy statements and other
information about Kent and Avnet at the offices of the New York
Stock Exchange, 20 Broad Street, New York, New York 10005
and, in the case of Avnet, the offices of the Pacific Exchange,
Inc., 301 Pine Street, San Francisco, California 94104.

The SEC allows us to “incorporate by reference”
information into this proxy statement/ prospectus, which means
that we can disclose important information to you by referring
you to another document filed separately with the SEC. The
information incorporated by reference becomes a part of this
proxy statement/prospectus, except for any information
superseded by information in this proxy statement/prospectus.
This proxy statement/prospectus incorporates by reference the
documents set forth below that Avnet and Kent previously filed
with the SEC. These documents contain important information
about Avnet, Kent and their finances.

Kent filings (File No. 1-9520)

Period or Date

	Annual Report on Form 10-K

	Fiscal year ended April 1, 2000

	Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q

	Quarterly periods ended July 1, 2000, September 30, 2000,
	and December 30, 2000

	Current Reports on Form 8-K

	Filed June 14, 2000, October 11, 2000, October 25,
	2000, March 30, 2001, and April  12, 2001

	Current Reports on Form 8-K/ A

	Filed December 20, 2000

Avnet filings (File No. 1-4224)

	Annual Report on Form 10-K, as amended and restated in
	Amendment No. 1 thereto, dated September 27, 2000

	Fiscal year ended June 30, 2000

	Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q

	Quarterly periods ended September 29, 2000, and
	December 29, 2000

	Current Reports on Form 8-K

	Cover dates October 20, 1999, July 11, 2000,
	August 7, 2000, September 25, 2000, September 27,
	2000, October 12, 2000, October 20, 2000,
	October 20, 2000, October  26, 2000, October 26,
	2000, October 31, 2000, January 17, 2001, and
	February 12, 2001

	Description of Avnet’s common stock which appears in
	Avnet’s registration statement for the registration of
	Avnet’s common stock under the Securities Exchange Act of
	1934, including any amendment or reports filed to update this
	description

Avnet and Kent also incorporate by reference in this proxy
statement/ prospectus additional documents that they may file
with the SEC between the date of this proxy statement/
prospectus and the date of the Kent special meeting and the
Avnet special meeting. These documents include periodic reports
such as an annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on
Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K, as well as
proxy statements.

Kent has supplied all information contained or incorporated by
reference in this proxy statement/ prospectus relating to Kent,
and Avnet has supplied all such information relating to Avnet.

Appendix A

 AGREEMENT

AND

PLAN OF MERGER

by and between

AVNET, INC.

and

ALPHA ACQUISITION CORP.

and

KENT ELECTRONICS CORPORATION

Dated as of March 21, 2001

A-1



	Recitals

A-5

	Article I The Merger

A-5

	Section 1.01  The Merger

A-5

	Section 1.02  Closing

A-5

	Section 1.03  Effective Time

A-5

	Section 1.04  Articles of Incorporation

A-6

	Section 1.05  By-Laws

A-6

	Section 1.06  Officers and Directors

A-6

	Section 1.07  Intentionally Omitted

A-6

	Section 1.08  Conversion of Shares

A-6

	Section 1.09  Surrender of Shares; Transfer Books

A-6

	Section 1.10  Options and Warrants

A-8

	Section 1.11  Affiliates

A-9

	Section 1.12  Closing Day Payments

A-9

	Article II Representations And Warranties Of Company

A-9

	Section 2.01  Organization; Subsidiaries

A-9

	Section 2.02  Capitalization

A-10

	Section 2.03  Authority; Validity

A-11

	Section 2.04  No Conflict

A-11

	Section 2.05  Consents

A-12

	Section 2.06  Financial Statements; SEC Filings

A-12

	Section 2.07  Tax Matters

A-13

	Section 2.08  Absence of Certain Changes or Events

A-14

	Section 2.09  Material Contracts; Customers and
	Suppliers

A-14

	Section 2.10  Title and Related Matters

A-15

	Section 2.11  Employee Benefit Plans

A-15

	Section 2.12  Employment Agreements

A-17

	Section 2.13  Legal Proceedings

A-17

	Section 2.14  Licenses; Compliance with Law;
	Accuracy of Certain Information

A-18

	Section 2.15  Accuracy of Proxy Statement/
	Prospectus

A-18

	Section 2.16  Insurance

A-18

	Section 2.17  Environmental Matters

A-18

	Section 2.18  Intellectual Property

A-19

	Section 2.19  Labor Matters

A-20

	Section 2.20  Related Party Transactions

A-20

	Section 2.21  State Takeover Statutes

A-20

	Section 2.22  Brokers; Advisors

A-20

	Section 2.23  Pooling of Interest

A-20

	Section 2.24  Full Disclosure

A-20

	Article III Representations And Warranties Of Parent And
	Buyer

A-21

	Section 3.01  Organization

A-21

	Section 3.02  Capitalization

A-21

	Section 3.03  Authority; Validity

A-21

A-2

	Section 3.04  No Conflict

A-22

	Section 3.05  Consents

A-22

	Section 3.06  Legal Proceedings

A-22

	Section 3.07  Financial Statements, SEC Filings

A-22

	Section 3.08  No Material Adverse Effect

A-23

	Section 3.09  Accuracy of Proxy Statement/
	Prospectus

A-23

	Section 3.10  Reorganization

A-23

	Section 3.11  No Brokers or Finders

A-23

	Section 3.12  Full Disclosure

A-23

	Section 3.13  Compliance with Law

A-23

	Section 3.14  Taxes

A-24

	Section 3.15  Employee Benefits

A-24

	Section 3.16  Environmental Matters

A-24

	Article IV Covenants

A-24

	Section 4.01  Access and Information

A-24

	Section 4.02  Governmental Filings

A-25

	Section 4.03  Consents and Approvals

A-25

	Section 4.04  Meetings of Shareholders;
	Securities Filings

A-25

	Section 4.05  Conduct of Company Business

A-26

	Section 4.06  Conduct of Parent Business

A-27

	Section 4.07  Publicity

A-27

	Section 4.08  Notification of Defaults and
	Adverse Events

A-28

	Section 4.09  Satisfy Conditions to Closing

A-28

	Section 4.10  Anti-takeover Statutes

A-28

	Section 4.11  Indemnification; Insurance

A-28

	Section 4.12  Employee Benefits

A-29

	Section 4.13  No Solicitation

A-29

	Section 4.14  Rights Agreement

A-30

	Section 4.15  Option Vesting

A-30

	Section 4.16  Special Earnings Announcement

A-30

	Section 4.17  Reorganization

A-30

	Article V Conditions

A-31

	Section 5.01  Conditions to Obligations of
	Company, Parent and Buyer

A-31

	Section 5.02  Conditions to Obligations of Parent
	and Buyer

A-31

	Section 5.03  Conditions to Obligations of Company

A-32

	Article VI Termination, Amendment and Waiver

A-32

	Section 6.01  Termination and Abandonment

A-32

	Section 6.02  Effect of Termination and
	Termination Fee

A-33

	Section 6.03  Amendment

A-34

	Section 6.04  Extension; Waiver

A-34

	Article VII Miscellaneous

A-35

	Section 7.01  Termination of Representations and
	Warranties

A-35

	Section 7.02  Expenses

A-35

	Section 7.03  Notices

A-35

A-3

	Section 7.04  Further Assurances

A-35

	Section 7.05  Specific Performance

A-35

	Section 7.06  Assignability

A-36

	Section 7.07  Governing Law

A-36

	Section 7.08  Interpretation

A-36

	Section 7.09  Counterparts

A-36

	Section 7.10  Integration

A-36

	Section 7.11  Survival

A-36

	Article VIII Definitions

A-36

	Section 8.01  Definitions

A-36

Annexes

	Annex A

	Inducement Agreement

	Annex B

	Option Agreement

	Annex C

	Affiliate Letter

Schedules

	Schedule 1.12

	Closing Date Payments

	Schedule  2.01(a)

	Organization; Subsidiaries

	Schedule  2.01(b)

	Capitalization of Company and Company’s Subsidiaries

	Schedule 2.02

	Options

	Schedule 2.04

	No Conflicts

	Schedule 2.05

	Company Required Consents

	Schedule 2.06

	Financial Statements

	Schedule 2.08

	Certain Events

	Schedule 2.09

	Material Contracts; Customers and Suppliers

	Schedule 2.10

	Certain Property or Assets

	Schedule  2.11(a)

	Company Employee Benefit Plans

	Schedule  2.11(b)

	Certain Company Benefit Plan Operations

	Schedule  2.11(d)

	Certain Company Benefit Plan Contributions

	Schedule  2.11(e)

	Certain Company Benefit Plan Matters

	Schedule  2.11(i)

	Certain Company Benefits

	Schedule 2.12

	Employment Agreements

	Schedule 2.13

	Legal Proceedings

	Schedule 2.14

	Compliance with Law

	Schedule 2.16

	Company Insurance Policies

	Schedule 2.17

	Certain Environmental Matters

	Schedule 2.18

	Intellectual Property

	Schedule 2.20

	Related Party Transactions

	Schedule 2.22

	Brokers; Advisors

	Schedule 3.04

	Parent Required Consents

	Schedule 4.05

	Conduct of Company Business

A-4

AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

THIS AGREEMENT 
and 
PLAN OF MERGER 
(this

“Agreement”
) is entered into as of
March 21, 2001 by and between Avnet, Inc., a New York
corporation (
“Parent”
), Alpha Acquisition
Corp., a Texas corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of
Parent (
“Buyer”
), and Kent Electronics
Corporation, a Texas corporation (
“Company”
).

RECITALS

WHEREAS, the respective Boards of Directors of Parent, Buyer and
Company have each approved the acquisition of Company upon the
terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein;

WHEREAS, to induce Parent and Buyer to enter into this
Agreement, (i) certain beneficial and record holders of capital
stock of Company are entering into an Inducement Agreement (the

“Inducement Agreement”
) with Parent, the form
of which is attached hereto as Annex A to this Agreement,
pursuant to which, among other things, such record holders have
granted to Parent an irrevocable proxy to vote their capital
stock of Company in favor of the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement, (ii) Larry D. Olson and Mark A. Zerbe have
each executed and delivered an employment agreement with Parent,
effective as of the Effective Time, in form and substance
acceptable to Parent, and (iii) Company is entering into an
Option Agreement (the 
“Option Agreement”
)
granting Parent the right to acquire up to 2,863,474 shares of
common stock, without par value, of Company (
“Company
Common Stock”
) upon the terms and conditions set forth
therein, in the form of Annex B to this Agreement;

WHEREAS, Parent, Buyer and Company intend the Merger to qualify
as a reorganization under the provisions of Section 368(a)
of the Code;

WHEREAS, Parent, Buyer and Company desire to make certain
representations, warranties, covenants and agreements in
connection with this Agreement and prescribe various conditions
to the Merger; and

WHEREAS, capitalized terms used herein but not otherwise defined
where referenced shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms
in Article VIII hereof.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing premises and
of the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements
contained herein, the parties hereto agree as follows:

ARTICLE I

THE MERGER

Section 1.01  
The Merger
. Subject
to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, at the Effective
Time (as defined below), Buyer will be merged with and into
Company and the separate corporate existence of Buyer will
thereupon cease (the 
“Merger”
). Company will be
the surviving corporation in the Merger (sometimes hereinafter
referred to as the 
“Surviving Corporation”
) and
will continue to be governed by the laws of the State of Texas.
The separate corporate existence of Company with all its rights,
privileges, immunities, powers and franchises will continue
unaffected by the Merger and Company will succeed to all of the
rights and properties of Buyer and will be subject to all of the
debts and liabilities of Buyer.

Section 1.02  
Closing.
 The closing
of the transactions contemplated hereby (the

“Closing”
) will take place (i) at the
primary offices of Carter, Ledyard & Milburn at
10:00 A.M., New York time on the second business day after
the day on which the last of the conditions set forth in

Article V 
is fulfilled or waived in accordance with
this Agreement or (ii) at such other place and time or on
such other date as the parties hereto may agree (the date of the
Closing, the 
“Closing Date”
).

Section 1.03  
Effective Time
.
Subject to the provisions of this Agreement and provided that
this Agreement has not been terminated or abandoned pursuant to

Article VI, 
articles of merger (the

“Articles of Merger”
) shall be duly prepared,
executed and acknowledged by Company and thereafter delivered to
the Secretary of State of Texas for filing in accordance with
Section 5.04 of the Texas Business Corporation Act

A-5

(the 
“TBCA”
), on or as soon as practicable
after the Closing Date. The Merger will become effective
immediately upon the issuance of a certificate of merger by the
Secretary of State of Texas pursuant to Section 5.05 of the
TBCA (or, if the Articles of Merger provide for a subsequent
time for effectiveness, at the time thereafter so provided in
the Articles of Merger, as provided in Section 10.03 of the
TBCA); the time of such effectiveness is hereinafter referred to
as the 
“Effective Time”
; and the date of such
effectiveness is hereinafter referred to as the

“Effective Date.”

Section 1.04  
Articles of
Incorporation
. The Articles of Incorporation of Company in
effect immediately prior to the Effective Time will be the
Articles of Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation at and
after the Effective Time until duly amended in accordance with
the terms thereof and the applicable provisions of the TBCA.

Section 1.05  
By-Laws
. The By-Laws
of Company in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time
will be the By-Laws of the Surviving Corporation at and after
the Effective Time until duly amended in accordance with the
terms thereof and the applicable provisions of the TBCA.

Section 1.06  
Officers and
Directors
. The persons serving as directors of Buyer
immediately prior to the Effective Time shall continue as the
directors of the Surviving Corporation at and after the
Effective Time, and the individuals specified by Parent in
writing prior to the Effective Time shall be the officers of the
Surviving Corporation at and after the Effective Time, in each
case until their successors have been duly elected or appointed
and qualified or until their earlier death, resignation or
removal in accordance with the Surviving Corporation’s
Articles of Incorporation and By-Laws.

Section 1.07  
Intentionally Omitted
.

Section 1.08  
Conversion of Shares
.
Except as otherwise provided herein, at the Effective Time:

(a)  Each share of Company Common Stock (
“Company
Shares”
) issued and outstanding immediately prior to
the Effective Time (other than shares canceled pursuant to this
Section 1.08) shall, by virtue of the Merger and without
any action on the part of the holder thereof, be converted into
the right to receive 0.87 of a fully paid and nonassessable
share (
“Conversion Ratio”
) of Common Stock of
Parent, par value $1.00 per share (
“Parent
Stock”
); 
provided, however
, that if between the
date of this Agreement and the Effective Time the outstanding
shares of Company Common Stock shall have been changed into a
different number of shares or a different class, by reason of
any stock dividend, subdivision, reclassification,
recapitalization, split, combination, or exchange of shares, the
securities to be received by the shareholders of the Company
shall be appropriately and correspondingly adjusted to reflect
such stock dividend, subdivision, reclassification,
recapitalization, split, combination or exchange of shares.

(b)  Each Company Common Share held immediately prior to
the Effective Time by Company, Parent or Buyer or any of their
wholly-owned subsidiaries (other than shares held in trust or
otherwise in a representative capacity) (the 
“Canceled
Shares”
) shall be retired automatically, and no
consideration shall be payable with respect thereto.

(c)  Each share of common stock of Buyer, par value $1.00
per share, issued and outstanding immediately prior to the
Effective Time shall, by virtue of the Merger and without any
action on the part of the holder thereof, be converted into one
share of common stock, without par value, of the Surviving
Corporation.

Section 1.09  
Surrender of Shares;
Transfer Books
.

(a)  
Exchange Agent
. Before the mailing of the Proxy
Statement/ Prospectus, Parent will appoint a bank or trust
company to act as exchange agent (the 
“Exchange
Agent”
) for the payment of the Merger Consideration.
Parent will furnish the Exchange Agent forthwith upon the
Effective Time with cash (to the extent required by
Section 1.09(e)) and certificates representing such number
of shares of Parent Stock as the Exchange Agent shall require in
order to transmit the Merger Consideration to shareholders
surrendering certificates that immediately prior to the
Effective Time represented Company Shares in accordance with
paragraph (b) of this Section 1.09.

A-6

(b)  
Exchange Procedures for Shares of Company Common
Stock
. As soon as practicable after the Effective Time,
Parent shall cause the Exchange Agent to transmit to each holder
of record of a certificate that immediately prior to the
Effective Time represented Company Shares (i) a letter of
transmittal (which shall specify that delivery shall be
effected, and risk of loss and title to such certificates shall
pass, only upon proper delivery of the certificates to the
Exchange Agent and shall be in customary form) and
(ii) instructions for use in effecting the surrender of
such certificates in exchange for the Merger Consideration. Each
holder of an outstanding certificate or certificates which
immediately prior to the Effective Time represented Company
Shares shall, upon surrender to the Exchange Agent of such
certificate or certificates in accordance with such letter of
transmittal, duly executed, and acceptance thereof by the
Exchange Agent, be entitled to a certificate or certificates
representing the number of full shares of Parent Stock, if any,
to be received by the holder thereof pursuant to this Agreement
and the cash, if any, payable in lieu of any fractional shares.
The Exchange Agent will accept such certificates upon compliance
with such reasonable terms and conditions as the Exchange Agent
may impose to effect an orderly exchange thereof in accordance
with normal exchange practices. After the Effective Time, there
will be no further transfer on the records of the Surviving
Corporation or its transfer agent of Company Shares which have
been converted pursuant to this Agreement into the right to
receive the Merger Consideration, and if certificates
immediately prior to the Effective Time represented Company
Shares are presented to the Surviving Corporation for transfer,
they will be canceled against delivery of certificates for
Parent Stock (and cash to the extent required by
Section 1.09(e)). If any certificate for such Parent Stock
is to be issued in, or if cash is to be remitted to, a name
other than that in which the certificate that formerly
represented Company Shares surrendered for exchange is
registered, it will be a condition of such exchange that the
certificate so surrendered will be properly endorsed, with
signature guaranteed, or otherwise in proper form for transfer
and that the person requesting such exchange will pay to the
Surviving Corporation or its transfer agent any transfer or
other taxes required by reason of the issuance of certificates
for such Parent Stock in a name other than that of the
registered holder of the certificate surrendered, or establish
to the satisfaction of the Surviving Corporation or its transfer
agent that such tax has been paid or is not applicable. Until
surrendered as contemplated by this Section 1.09(b), each
certificate that formerly represented Company Shares which have
been converted into the right to receive the Merger
Consideration will be deemed at any time after the Effective
Time to represent only the right to receive upon such surrender
the Merger Consideration as contemplated by Section 1.08
and Section 1.09(e). No interest will be paid or will accrue on
any cash payable in lieu of any fractional shares of Parent
Stock.

(c)  
Distributions with Respect to Unexchanged
Shares
. No dividends or other distributions with respect to
Parent Stock with a record date after the Effective Time will be
paid to the holder of any unsurrendered certificate that
formerly represented Company Shares with respect to the shares
of Parent Stock to be received in respect thereof and no cash
payment in lieu of fractional shares will be paid to any such
holder pursuant to Section 1.09(e) until the surrender of
such certificate in accordance with this Article I. Subject
to the effect of applicable laws, following surrender of any
such certificate, there will be paid to the holder of the
certificate representing whole shares of Parent Stock issued in
connection herewith, without interest, (i) at the time of
such surrender the amount of any cash payable in lieu of a
fractional share of Parent Stock to which such holder is
entitled pursuant to Section 1.09(e) and the proportionate
amount of dividends or other distributions with a record date
after the Effective Time theretofore paid with respect to such
whole shares of Parent Stock, and (ii) at the appropriate
payment date, the proportionate amount of dividends or other
distributions with a record date after the Effective Time but
before such surrender and a payment date subsequent to such
surrender payable with respect to such whole shares of Parent
Stock.

(d)  
No Further Ownership Rights in Company Common
Stock
. All Merger Consideration paid upon the surrender for
exchange of certificates that formerly represented Company
Shares in accordance with the terms of this Article I will
be deemed to have been issued and paid in full satisfaction of
all rights pertaining to the Company Shares represented by such
certificates.

(e)  
No Fractional Shares; Exchange Agent
.

	(i)  
No Fractional Shares
. No fractional shares of
	Parent Stock and no certificates or scrip representing
	fractional shares of Parent Stock will be issued in connection
	with the Merger, and such

A-7

	fractional share interests will not entitle the owner thereof to
	vote or to any rights of a shareholder of the Surviving
	Corporation after the Merger.

	(ii)  
Cash Payment in Lieu of Fractional
	Shares
.  Each record holder of Company Shares
	converted pursuant to the Merger who would otherwise have been
	entitled to receive a fraction of a share of Parent Stock (after
	taking into account all Company Shares held by such holder) will
	be entitled to receive, in lieu thereof upon surrender of the
	certificates that immediately prior to the Effective Time
	represented Company Shares, a cash payment (without interest) in
	lieu of such fractional share in an amount equal to the product
	of such fraction multiplied by $25.84.

	(iii)  
Termination of Exchange Agent’s
	Duties
.  Any holders of certificates that
	immediately prior to the Effective Time represented Company
	Shares who have not complied with this Article I within six
	months after the Effective Time will thereafter look only to
	Parent for payment of the Merger Consideration.

	(iv)  
No Liability
.  None of Parent,
	Buyer, Company or the Exchange Agent will be liable to any
	person in respect of any shares of Parent Stock (or dividends or
	distributions with respect thereto) or cash delivered to a
	public official pursuant to any applicable abandoned property,
	escheat or similar law. If any certificates that immediately
	prior to the Effective Time represented Company Shares have not
	been surrendered before such date on which any shares of Parent
	Stock, any cash in lieu of fractional shares of Parent Stock, or
	any dividends or distributions with respect to shares of Parent
	Stock in respect of such certificate would otherwise escheat to
	or become the property of any governmental entity, any such
	shares, cash, dividends or distributions in respect of such
	certificate shall, to the extent permitted by applicable law,
	become the property of the Surviving Corporation, free and clear
	of all claims or interest of any person previously entitled
	thereto.

Section 1.10  
Options and Warrants.

(a) Prior to the Effective Time, the Board of Directors
of Company and the Board of Directors of Parent (or, if
appropriate, respective committees thereof) shall adopt
appropriate resolutions and take such action as may be required,
under the Option Plans (as defined in Section 2.02) such
that, at the Effective Time,

(i)  each Option Plan shall continue in existence and each
Option (as defined in Section 2.02) under each such Option
Plan, whether or not then exercisable, shall be assumed by
Parent and converted into an option (
“Assumed
Option”
) to acquire on the same terms and conditions as
were applicable under the Option, shares of Parent Stock;
provided, that the number of shares of Parent Stock subject to
such Assumed Option under such Option Plan shall be determined
by multiplying the number of shares of Company Common Stock
subject to such Option by the Conversion Ratio (with such share
number rounded down to the nearest whole number), and the
exercise price of each such Assumed Option shall be determined
by dividing the exercise price of the Option by the Conversion
Ratio (with such exercise price rounded up to the nearest
penny); provided further, however, that, in the case of any
Option to which Code Section 421 applies by reason of its
qualification under any of Code Sections 422-424, the option
exercise price, the number of shares that may be acquired
pursuant to such option and the terms and conditions of exercise
of such Option shall be determined to comply with Code
Section 425(a), and

(ii)  each Warrant (as defined in Section 2.02),
whether or not then exercisable, will be converted into a right
to acquire shares of Parent Stock, subject to terms and
conditions materially equivalent, in the reasonable judgment of
the Board of Directors of Parent, to the terms and conditions
set out in such Warrant; provided, that the number of shares of
Parent Stock subject to such right shall be determined by
multiplying the number of shares of Company Common Stock subject
to such Warrant by the Conversion Ratio (with such share number
rounded down to the nearest whole number); and the exercise
price of such right shall be determined by dividing the exercise
price of such Warrant by the Conversion Ratio.

(b)  Parent shall take all corporate action necessary to
reserve for issuance a sufficient number of shares of Parent
Stock for delivery upon exercise of the Assumed Options. As soon
as practicable after the Effective Time, Parent shall file a
registration statement on Form S-8 (or any successor or
other appropriate forms) or a post-effective amendment to the
Registration Statement, with respect to the shares of Parent
Stock subject to

A-8

the Assumed Options and shall use its best efforts to maintain
the effectiveness of such registration statement or registration
statements (and maintain the current status of the prospectus or
prospectuses in connection therewith) for so long as any Assumed
Options remain outstanding.

Section 1.11  
Affiliates.

Certificates representing Parent Stock issued to any director or
executive officer of Company or any other Person deemed by
Company to be an 
“affiliate,” 
for purposes of
Rule 145(c) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the “Securities Act”), of Company (
“Company
Affiliates”
) will bear an appropriate restrictive
legend. On or prior to the Closing Date, Company will deliver to
Parent a list certified by an appropriate executive officer of
Company of all persons who are then Company Affiliates. Company
will promptly amend or supplement this list as changes occur.
Company will cause each person named in any such list, amendment
or supplement to deliver promptly to Parent a letter
substantially in the form of 
Annex C 
to this Agreement.

Section 1.12  
Closing Day Payments.

On the Closing Date and without the further consent of
Parent or Buyer (provided, however, with respect to all payments
which are disclosed in the Disclosure Schedule as estimated
payments, only after reasonable consultation with Parent
concerning the actual payment amounts), Company shall be
entitled to make any payment to employees, advisors or other
parties which are conditioned in whole or in part on the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, to the
extent and only to the extent such persons and such payments are
specifically disclosed in Section 1.12 of the Disclosure
Schedule.

ARTICLE II

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF COMPANY

Company makes the representations and warranties set forth in
this Article II to Parent and Buyer. All representations and
warranties of Company set forth in this Article II are made
subject to the exceptions which are noted in the schedules
delivered by Company to Parent and Buyer concurrently herewith
and identified by the parties as the “Disclosure
Schedule”. The Disclosure Schedule has been delivered by
Company to Parent and Buyer on the date hereof, and the
Disclosure Schedule has been reviewed and accepted by Parent and
Buyer. Each exception noted in the Disclosure Schedule is
numbered to correspond to the applicable Section of this
Article II or other Article to which such exception refers;
provided, however, that all exceptions set forth in the
Disclosure Schedule shall be deemed to be disclosed not only in
connection with the representation and warranty specifically
referenced on a specified section of the Disclosure Schedule,
but for all purposes relating to each of the other
representations and warranties of Company set forth in this
Article II so long as the relevance of such disclosure to
such other representation or warranty is reasonably apparent
from the terms of such disclosure without investigation by
Parent or Buyer.

Section 2.01  
Organization;
Subsidiaries

(a)  Company is a corporation duly organized, validly
existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of
Texas, and, except as disclosed in Section 2.01 of the
Disclosure Schedule, each of its Subsidiaries is a corporation
duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the
laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation and is in good
standing as a foreign corporation qualified to do business in
each jurisdiction where the properties owned, leased or
operated, or the business conducted by it requires such
qualification, except for such failure to so qualify or to be in
such good standing which is not reasonably likely to have a
Company Material Adverse Effect. Company and its Subsidiaries
have the requisite power and authority to own, lease and operate
their respective properties and to carry on their respective
businesses as now being conducted.

(b)  Section 2.01 of the Disclosure Schedule lists all
Subsidiaries of Company and correctly sets forth the
capitalization of each such Subsidiary, the jurisdiction in
which Company and each such Subsidiary is organized or formed
and each jurisdiction in which Company and each such Subsidiary
is qualified or licensed to do business as a foreign
corporation. As used in this Agreement, the term

“Subsidiary” 
shall mean, with respect to any
party, any corporation or other organization, whether
incorporated or unincorporated or domestic or foreign to the
United States of which (a) such party or any other
Subsidiary of such party is a general partner (excluding such
partnerships where such party or any Subsidiary of such party
does not have a

A-9

majority of the voting interest in such partnership) or
(b) at least a majority of the securities or other
interests having by their terms ordinary voting power to elect a
majority of the board of directors or others performing similar
functions with respect to such corporation or other organization
is directly or indirectly owned or controlled by such party or
by any one or more of its Subsidiaries, or by such party and one
or more of its Subsidiaries. Section 2.01 of the Disclosure
Schedule correctly lists the current directors and officers of
Company and of each of its Subsidiaries. True, correct and
complete copies of the respective charter documents and by-laws
of Company and each of its Subsidiaries as in effect on the date
hereof have been made available to Buyer.

(c)  All outstanding securities or other ownership
interests in each of the Subsidiaries listed on
Section 2.01 of the Disclosure Schedule, except as
disclosed on Section 2.01 of the Disclosure Schedule, are
owned of record and beneficially by Company or another of
Company’s wholly-owned Subsidiaries, subject to no lien,
claim, charge or encumbrance, and have been duly authorized and
are validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. Company does
not directly or indirectly own or hold any interest in any
corporation, association or business entity other than those
listed on Section 2.01 of the Disclosure Schedule. There
are no irrevocable proxies, voting agreements, or voting trusts
with respect to any of the securities or other ownership
interests of the Subsidiaries and no restrictions on Company to
vote any of the stock or other securities of any of the
Subsidiaries.

Section 2.02  
Capitalization.

(a)  The authorized capital stock of Company consists of
(i) 60,000,000 shares of Company Common Stock; and
(ii) 2,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock, par value $1.00
per share, which shares have been designated as Series A
Preferred Stock (the 
“Preferred Stock”
). As of
February 12, 2001 (a) 28,634,737 shares of Company
Common Stock were issued and outstanding, (b) no shares of
Preferred Stock were issued and outstanding, and (c) as of
December 30, 2000: 26,500 shares of Company Common Stock
were reserved for issuance pursuant to Company’s Amended
and Restated 1987 Stock Option Plan, as amended, under which
options to purchase 26,500 shares of Company Common Stock were
outstanding; 53,250 shares of Company Common Stock were reserved
for issuance pursuant to Company’s 1991 Non-Employee
Director Stock Option Plan, as amended, under which options to
purchase 53,250 shares of Company Common Stock were outstanding;
200,000 shares of Company Common Stock were reserved for
issuance pursuant to Company’s Amended and Restated 1996
Non-Employee Director Stock Option Plan, under which options to
purchase 147,500 shares of Company Common Stock were
outstanding; 677,500 shares of Company Common Stock were
reserved for issuance pursuant to Company’s Amended and
Restated 1998 Stock Option Plan, under which options to purchase
587,090 shares of Company Common Stock were outstanding; 746,100
shares of Company Common Stock were reserved for issuance
pursuant to Company’s 1999 Stock Option Plan, under which
options to purchase 334,200 shares of Company Common Stock were
outstanding; 1,158,971 shares of Company Common Stock were
reserved for issuance pursuant to Company’s 1996 Employee
Incentive Plan, under which options to purchase 1,093,524 shares
of Company Common Stock were outstanding; and 182,500 shares of
Company Common Stock were reserved for issuance pursuant to the
stock option plans set forth and described individually in
Section 2.02 of the Disclosure Schedule (collectively the
foregoing plans are referred to as the 
“Option
Plans”
, and options issued thereunder are referred to
as 
“Options”
). All the outstanding shares of
Company’s capital stock are, and all of Company Common
Stock shares that may be issued pursuant to the exercise of
outstanding Options will be, when issued in accordance with the
terms thereof, duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and
non-assessable and not subject to preemptive or other similar
rights. Section 2.02 of the Disclosure Schedule sets forth
a complete and correct list of the Options as of
December 30, 2000, including for each the name of the
Option holder, the date of grant, the expiration date, the plan
under which the Option (or any portion thereof) was granted, and
the number of shares subject to such Option. Since
December 30, 2000, Company has granted no Options except
Options granted in the ordinary course of business on terms and
in quantities consistent with past practice. As of the date
hereof, there is outstanding $207,000,000 in aggregate principal
amount of Company’s 4.5% Convertible Subordinated Notes due
2004 (the 
“Convertible Notes”
) issued by
Company pursuant to the Indenture with Texas Commerce Bank
National Association, as Trustee, dated as of September 23,
1997. Except for the Convertible Notes and except as
contemplated by Company’s Rights Agreement dated

A-10

October 21, 1999 between Company and ChaseMellon
Shareholder Services, L.L.C. Rights Agent, as amended by an
Amendment dated the date hereof (the 
“Rights
Agreement”
), there are no bonds, debentures, notes or
other instruments or evidences of indebtedness having the right
to vote (or convertible into, or exercisable or exchangeable
for, securities having the right to vote) on any matters on
which the shareholders of Company or any of its Subsidiaries may
vote (
“Voting Debt”
) issued and outstanding.
Except as disclosed in Section 2.02 of the Disclosure
Schedule, there are no existing options, warrants, calls, rights
(including preemptive rights), subscriptions or other rights,
agreements, arrangements or commitments of any character,
obligating Company or any of its Subsidiaries to issue, transfer
or sell or cause to be issued, transferred or sold any shares of
capital stock or Voting Debt of, or other equity interests in,
Company or any of its Subsidiaries or securities convertible
into or exchangeable or exercisable for such shares, Voting
Debt, or equity interests, or obligating Company or any of its
Subsidiaries to grant, extend or enter into any such option,
warrant, call, right, subscription or other right, agreement,
arrangement or commitment, and (iii) there are no
outstanding contractual or other obligations of Company or any
of its Subsidiaries to repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire
any shares of Company Common Stock, or the capital stock of any
Subsidiary or affiliate of Company or to provide funds to make
any investment (in the form of a loan, capital contribution or
otherwise) in any Subsidiary or any other entity. Except for the
Inducement Agreement, there are not as of the date hereof and
there will not be at any time on or prior to the Effective Time
any stockholder agreements, voting trusts or other agreements or
understandings to which Company or any of the Subsidiaries is a
party or by which any of them is bound relating to the voting of
any shares of the capital stock of Company or any agreements,
arrangements, or other understandings to which Company or any of
its Subsidiaries is a party or by which it is bound that will
limit in any way the solicitation of proxies by or on behalf of
Company from or the casting of votes by, the shareholders of
Company with respect to the Merger. There is no liability for
any dividends or other distributions declared or accumulated but
unpaid with respect to any capital stock of Company.

(b)  All the outstanding shares of Company’s capital
stock are, and all shares of Company Common Stock that may be
issued pursuant to the exercise of outstanding Options will be,
when issued in accordance with the terms thereof, duly
authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable and
not subject to preemptive or other similar rights.

Section 2.03  
Authority; Validity.

Company has full power and authority, corporate or otherwise, to
execute and deliver this Agreement and, subject to approval of
this Agreement by the shareholders of Company in accordance with
the applicable provisions of the TBCA (the 
“Company
Shareholders’ Approval”
), to carry out its
obligations hereunder. The execution and delivery of this
Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the
part of Company’s Board of Directors. Company’s Board
of Directors has directed that this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated hereby be submitted to Company’s
shareholders for consideration at a meeting of such shareholders
and, except for the Company Shareholders’ Approval, no
other corporate proceedings on the part of Company are necessary
to authorize the execution and delivery of this Agreement and
the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. Upon
execution and delivery hereof (assuming that this Agreement is
the legal, valid and binding obligation of Parent and Buyer),
this Agreement will constitute the valid and binding obligation
of Company enforceable against Company in accordance with its
terms, subject to the effect of bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, moratorium and other similar laws relating to or
limiting creditors’ rights generally and equitable
principles.

Section 2.04  
No Conflict.
 Except
as disclosed in Section 2.04 of the Disclosure Schedule,
and except for the HSR Act, none of Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries nor any of their respective assets is subject to or
obligated under any charter, bylaw, Contract, or other
instrument or any permit, or subject to any Law, which would be
defaulted, breached, terminated, forfeited or violated by or in
conflict with (or upon the failure to give notice or the lapse
of time, or both, would result in a default, breach,
termination, forfeiture or conflict with) Company’s
execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, the
Inducement Agreement and the Option Agreement, and the
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, except where such
event or occurrence (i) as of the date hereof is not
reasonably likely to result in losses, liabilities, costs or
expenses, damage or decline in value to the business, condition
or properties of Company’s Business (collectively,

“Company Losses”
) that, individually or in the
aggregate, would reasonably be likely to have a Company

A-11

Material Adverse Effect, or (ii) between the date hereof
and the Closing Date would not, individually or in the
aggregate, reasonably be likely to have a Company Material
Adverse Effect. Except as disclosed in Section 2.04 of the
Disclosure Schedule and except for compliance with the HSR Act,
Company’s execution, delivery and performance of this
Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby will not
result in the creation of any lien, pledge, security interest or
other encumbrance on the assets of Company or any of its
Subsidiaries or result in any change in the rights or
obligations of any party under, or the acceleration of (with or
without the giving of notice or the lapse of time), any
provision of any Material Contract of Company or any of its
Subsidiaries or any change in the rights or obligations of
Company or any of its Subsidiaries under any Law to which
Company or any of its Subsidiaries is subject except where such
encumbrance or change or acceleration would not, individually or
in the aggregate, reasonably be likely to have a Company
Material Adverse Effect.

Section 2.05  
Consents.
 Except as
disclosed in Section 2.05 of the Disclosure Schedule, and
other than (i) the issuance of a certificate of Merger by
the Texas Secretary of State, as provided in Section 1.03,
(ii) such consents (including the Company
Shareholders’ Approval), orders, approvals, authorizations,
registrations, declarations and filings as may be required under
the TBCA, applicable state securities laws and the securities
laws of any foreign country, (iii) such actions of the
Department of Justice and the Federal Trade Commission as may be
required under the HSR Act with respect to the Merger and
(iv) such other consents, orders, approvals,
authorizations, registrations, declarations and filings which,
if not obtained or made would not, individually or in the
aggregate, reasonably be likely to have a Company Material
Adverse Effect, and that would not impair, prohibit or prevent
the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, no
consent of any Person not a party to this Agreement, or consent
of or filing with (including any waiting period) any
Governmental Entity is required to be obtained or performed on
the part of Company to permit the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated hereby.

Section 2.06  
Financial Statements; SEC
Filings.

(a)  Company has delivered or made available copies of the
following financial statements to Buyer: the consolidated
balance sheet of Company as of April 1, 2000 and the
consolidated statements of earnings, shareholders’ equity
and cash flows for the fiscal years ended April 1, 2000 and
April 3, 1999, in each case including the notes thereto and
the related report of Grant Thornton LLP, independent certified
public accountants, and the unaudited consolidated balance sheet
of Company as of December 30, 2000, and the unaudited
consolidated statements of earnings and cash flows for the
thirty-nine week periods ended December 30, 2000 and
January 1, 2000, in each case including any notes thereto.

(b)  All financial statements described in
Section 2.06(a) are in accordance with the books and
records of Company and have been prepared in accordance with
GAAP consistently applied throughout the periods indicated
(except as may be indicated on the notes thereto, or in the case
of the unaudited statements, as permitted by Form 10-Q).
All consolidated balance sheets included in such financial
statements present fairly in all material respects the
consolidated financial position of Company as of the dates
thereof (subject, in the case of the unaudited statements, to
customary reclassification or year-end adjustments). Except as
and to the extent reflected or reserved against in such
consolidated balance sheets (including the notes thereto) as of
April 1, 2000, Company did not have any liabilities or
obligations (absolute or contingent) of a nature required by
GAAP to be reflected in a consolidated balance sheet as of such
date. All consolidated statements of income present fairly in
all material respects the consolidated results of operations of
Company for the periods indicated (subject, in the case of the
unaudited statements, to customary reclassification or year-end
adjustments).

(c)  All trade accounts receivable appearing on
Company’s consolidated balance sheets as of
December 30, 2000 and as of April 1, 2000 arose from
bona fide, arms-length transactions for the sale of goods or
performance of services, and represent valid obligations arising
from sales actually made in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practice and are current and collectible in
the amounts appearing thereon, net of any allowances for bad
debts and customer returns. As of December 30, 2000,
Company was in possession of inventory having an aggregate value
as reflected on such consolidated balance sheet as of such date.
All allowances and reserves reflected in such consolidated
balance sheet have been determined in accordance with

A-12

GAAP. Since April 1, 2000, Company has not made any changes
in the accounting principles it has followed theretofore in
preparing its consolidated financial statements, and all
transactions have been recorded in Company’s accounting
records substantially in the same manner as theretofore recorded.

(d)  Company has timely filed with the SEC all forms,
statements, reports and documents (including all exhibits,
amendments and supplements thereto) required to be filed by it
under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act and the respective
rules and regulations of the SEC thereunder which were required
to be filed after January 1, 2000 (such forms, statements,
reports and documents are collectively referred to as the

“Company SEC Filings”
). Company “meets the
requirements for use of Form S-3” within the meaning
of General Instruction C.1.a. to Form S-4 under the
Securities Act.

(e)  As of their respective dates, (i) each of
Company’s past Company SEC Filings was, and each of its
future Company SEC Filings will be, prepared in compliance in
all material respects with the applicable requirements of the
Securities Act and the Exchange Act; and (ii) none of its
past Company SEC Filings did, and none of its future Company SEC
Filings will, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or
necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

(f)  Except as disclosed in Section 2.06(f) of the
Disclosure Schedule, neither Company nor any of its Subsidiaries
is obligated to make earnout payments or other similar payments
of cash or securities arising from completed acquisitions of
businesses by Company and its Subsidiaries to the former owners
of such businesses.

Section 2.07  
Tax Matters.

(a)  Except as disclosed in Section 2.07 of the
Disclosure Schedule, Company and each of its Subsidiaries have
filed all Tax Returns required to be filed by them, except where
failures to file such Tax Returns would not, individually or in
the aggregate, have a Company Material Adverse Effect, and all
such Tax Returns are complete and accurate in all material
respects. Company and each of its Subsidiaries have paid (or
Company has paid on their behalf) all Taxes, whether or not
shown as due on such Tax Returns. The most recent financial
statements referred to in Section 2.06 reflect an adequate
reserve for all Taxes payable by Company and its Subsidiaries
for all taxable periods and portions thereof accrued through the
date of such financial statements and no liabilities for Taxes
have been incurred by Company or any of its Subsidiaries
subsequent to such date other than in the ordinary course of its
business.

(b)  No action, suit, investigation, audit, claim,
assessment or adjustment is pending or, to the Company’s
knowledge, proposed or threatened with respect to a material
amount of Taxes of Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

(c)  There is no agreement or other document extending, or
having the effect of extending, the period of assessment or
collection of any material amount of Taxes and no power of
attorney with respect to any Taxes has been executed or filed
with any taxing authority.

(d)  Neither Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party
to or is bound by any Tax sharing agreement, Tax indemnity
obligation or similar agreement, arrangement or practice with
respect to a material amount of Taxes (including any advance
pricing agreement, closing agreement or other agreement relating
to Taxes with any taxing authority), and none of Company or any
Subsidiary has been a member of any group of corporations filing
federal, state, local or foreign Tax Returns on a combined or
consolidated basis other than each such group of which it is
currently a member.

(e)  Neither Company nor any of its Subsidiaries shall be
required to include in a taxable period ending after the
Effective Time a material amount of taxable income attributable
to income that accrued in a prior taxable period but was not
recognized in any prior taxable period as a result of the
installment method of accounting.

(f)  All material amounts of Taxes which Company or any
Subsidiary is required by law to withhold or to collect for
payment have been duly withheld and collected, and have been
paid or accrued.

A-13

(g)  Neither Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has filed
a consent pursuant to Section 341(f) of the Code or agreed
to have Section 341(f)(2) of the Code apply to any
disposition of a subsection (f) asset (as such term is
defined in Section 341(f)(2) of the Code) owned by Company
or any of its Subsidiaries.

(h)  Except as disclosed in Section 2.07 of the
Disclosure Schedule,neither Company nor any of its Subsidiaries
is a party to any agreement, contract or arrangement (including
this Agreement and any ancillary agreements) that could result,
separately or in the aggregate, in the payment of any
“excess parachute payments” within the meaning of
Section 280G of the Code or that would not be deductible
pursuant to the terms of Section 162(m) of the Code.

(i)  Neither Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a
“United States real property holding corporation”
within the meaning of Section 897(c)(2) of the Code.

(j)  Neither Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has
agreed, or is otherwise required, to make any adjustments
pursuant to Code Section 481(a) or any similar provision of
state, local or foreign law, or has any application pending with
any taxing authority requesting permission for a change in
accounting methods.

(k)  Except as disclosed in Section 2.07 of the
Disclosure Schedule, neither the Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries has requested or been granted an extension of time
for filing any Tax Return that has not yet been filed.

(l)  To the Company’s knowledge, Company and its
Subsidiaries have not taken any action which would prevent the
Merger from constituting a reorganization within the meaning of
Section 368(a) of the Code.

Section 2.08  
Absence of Certain
Changes or Events. 
Except as disclosed in Section 2.08
of the Disclosure Schedule (or disclosed in the Company SEC
Filings), since April 1, 2000, there has not been
(a) any event which has resulted in, or is likely to result
in, a Company Material Adverse Effect; (b) any declaration,
setting aside or payment of any dividend (whether in cash, stock
or property) in respect of the capital stock of Company, or any
redemption or other acquisition of such stock by Company;
(c) any increase in the compensation payable or to become
payable by Company to its officers or key employees, except
those occurring in the ordinary course of business or pursuant
to existing contractual obligations (to the extent such
contracts and such contractual obligations are specifically
disclosed in Section 2.08 of the Disclosure Schedule), or
any material increase in any bonus, insurance, pension or other
employee benefit plan, payment or arrangement made to, for or
with any such officers or key employees; or (d) any labor
dispute, other than routine matters, none of which is material
to Company’s Business.

Section 2.09  
Material Contracts;
Customers and Suppliers.
 Section 2.09 of the Disclosure
Schedule lists each of the Contracts to which Company or any of
its Subsidiaries is a party or to which Company, any of its
Subsidiaries or any of their respective properties is subject or
by which any thereof is bound as of the date hereof other than
purchase orders received by the Company or its Subsidiaries in
the ordinary course of business requiring the performance of
services or delivery of goods by the Company or purchase orders
entered into by the Company or its Subsidiaries in the ordinary
course of business for the purchase of services or goods by the
Company, (i) that would be required by Item 601(b)(4)
or 601(b)(10) of SEC Regulation S-K to be filed as an
exhibit to an Annual Report on Form 10-K, (ii) that
relates to MIS (data processing) equipment or other capital
equipment in the amount of $500,000 or more, unless terminable
by the Company on sixty (60) or fewer days notice at no
cost to the Company, (iii) that involves payments of
$1,000,000 or more and contains any provision prohibiting or
limiting assignment thereof that would be applicable to the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement or allowing
termination or the change of any term or provision thereof, or
the making of any payment by the Company, in the event of any
change in control or merger of Company or any of its
Subsidiaries, or (iv) pursuant to which Company or any of
its Subsidiaries has the right to borrow money or obtain any
financial accommodation (each a 
“Material
Contract”
) except for those Contracts listed as
exhibits to Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the fiscal year ending April 1, 2000 or disclosed in
Company SEC Filings since April 1, 2000. Except as
disclosed in Section 2.09 of the Disclosure Schedule, no
breach or default, alleged breach or default or event which
would (with the passage of time, notice or both) constitute a
breach or default under any such Material Contract by Company or
any of its Subsidiaries, as the case may be, or, to
Company’s knowledge, any other party or obligor with
respect thereto, has occurred, except

A-14

where such breaches or defaults, individually or in the
aggregate, would not be reasonably likely to have a Company
Material Adverse Effect. To Company’s knowledge, no party
to any Material Contract intends to cancel, withdraw, modify or
amend such Material Contract. Section 2.09 of the
Disclosure Schedule also lists the ten (10) largest
customers of each of the Company’s Datacomm and Components
divisions during the period from April 1, 2000 through
February 24, 2001 (
“Principle Customers”
),
and the ten (10) largest suppliers to the Company during the
period from April 1, 2000 through February 24, 2001
(
“Principal Suppliers”
). Except as disclosed in
Section 2.09 of the Disclosure Schedule,

to the
knowledge of Company, no (i) Principal Customer,
(ii) Principal Supplier, (iii) customer to whom
Company sold products in an amount in excess of $500,000 during
the calendar year ended December 31, 2000, or
(iv) supplier for whom Company sold products in an amount
in excess of $1,000,000 during the calendar year ended
December 31, 2000 has advised Company that it intends to
terminate its relationship with Company as a result of the
consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
Except as set forth in Section 2.09 of the Disclosure
Schedule, neither Company nor any of its affiliates is a party
to, or in negotiations for the purpose of entering into, any
agreement to acquire a majority of the voting securities of, or
substantially all of the assets of, any Person or any business
division of any Person.

Section 2.10  
Title and Related
Matters.
 Section 2.10 of the Disclosure Schedule sets
forth a list of parcels of real property owned or leased by
Company or any of its Subsidiaries, including all sales and
distribution facilities and all corporate support and
distribution centers. Except as disclosed in Section 2.10
of the Disclosure Schedule, Company has good and indefeasible
title to all of its properties, interests in properties and
assets, real and personal, reflected in Company’s
December 30, 2000 consolidated balance sheet or acquired
after December 30, 2000 or necessary to conduct its
business as now conducted (except properties, interests on
properties and assets sold or otherwise disposed of since
December 30, 2000 in the ordinary course of business), free
and clear of all mortgages, liens, pledges, charges or
encumbrances of any kind or character, except (a) liens for
current taxes not yet due and payable, (b) liens for
mechanics’, carriers’, workmens’,
repairmens’, landlord, statutory or common law liens either
not delinquent or being contested in good faith, (c) such
imperfections of title, liens, restrictions, variances and
easements as do not materially detract from the value of or
interfere with the value or the present or presently
contemplated future use of the properties subject thereto or
affected thereby, or otherwise materially impair the present or
presently contemplated future business operations at such
properties and (d) liens securing debt which is reflected
on Company’s December 30, 2000 consolidated balance
sheet. The plants and equipment of Company that are necessary to
the operation of Company’s Business are in good operating
condition and repair (subject to normal wear and tear). All
properties material to the operations of Company are reflected
in Company’s December 30, 2000 consolidated balance
sheet to the extent GAAP requires the same to be reflected.

Section 2.11  
Employee Benefit
Plans.

(a)  
Section 2.11(a) 
of the Disclosure Schedule
lists all employee benefit and compensation plans, programs,
policies, agreements and commitments (other than oral employment
agreements that are terminable at will by the employer without
additional cost) covering any employee or former employee, or
the beneficiary of either, of Company or any entity which would
be aggregated at any relevant time with Company pursuant to
Section 414(b), (c), (m), or (o) of the Code (referred
to herein as a 
“Company ERISA Affiliate”
),
providing benefits in the nature of pension, profit sharing,
deferred compensation, retirement, severance, bonus, incentive
compensation, stock option, stock bonus, stock purchase, health,
medical, life, disability, sick leave, vacation, or other
welfare or fringe benefits, including, without limitation, all
employee benefit plans (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA
(referred to herein as the 
“Company ERISA
Plans”
), and fringe benefit plans (as defined in Code
Section 6039D) (together with Company ERISA Plans referred
to herein as the 
“Company Benefit Plans”
).
Except as disclosed in Section 2.11(a) of the Disclosure
Schedule, neither Company nor any Company ERISA Affiliate has
ever contributed to, or been obligated to contribute to,
(i) a multiemployer plan (as defined in Section 3(37)
of ERISA) or (ii) a Company Benefit Plan subject to Title
IV of ERISA.

(b)  Except as disclosed in Section 2.11(b) of the
Disclosure Schedule, each Company Benefit Plan is currently, and
has been in the past, operated and administered in all material
respects in compliance with its (i) terms and (ii) the
requirements of all applicable Laws, including, without
limitation, ERISA and the

A-15

Code, except where noncompliance would not have a Company
Material Adverse Effect. Each Company Benefit Plan which is, or
was, intended to qualify under Code Section 401(a)
(referred to herein as a 
“Qualified Plan”
) is,
or was, so qualified and either (i) has been determined by
the IRS to be so qualified by the issuance of a favorable
determination letter a copy of which has been furnished to
Parent, which remains in effect as of the date hereof and, to
Company’s knowledge, nothing has occurred since the date of
such letter to cause such letter to be no longer valid, or
(ii) is within the 
“remedial amendment period”

as defined in Code Section 401(b) and the regulations
thereunder. Except as disclosed in Section 2.11(b) of the
Disclosure Schedule, all reports, notices and other documents
required to be filed with any Governmental Entity or furnished
to employees or participants with respect to the Company Benefit
Plans have been timely filed or furnished. With respect to the
most recent Form 5500 regarding each funded Company Benefit
Plan, benefit liabilities do not exceed assets, and no adverse
change has occurred with respect to the financial materials
covered thereby since the last Form 5500.

(c)  No liability under Subtitle C or D of
Title IV of ERISA has been or is expected to be incurred by
Company or any of its Subsidiaries with respect to any ongoing,
frozen or terminated 
“single-employer plan”
,
within the meaning of Section 4001(a)(15) of ERISA,
currently or previously maintained by any of them, or the
single-employer plan of any Company ERISA Affiliate. Company and
its Subsidiaries have not incurred and do not expect to incur
any withdrawal liability with respect to a multiemployer plan
under Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA (regardless of
whether based on contributions of an ERISA Affiliate). No notice
of a 
“reportable event” 
within the meaning of
Section 4043 of ERISA for which the 30-day reporting
requirement has not been waived or extended, other than pursuant
to PBGC Reg. Section 4043.66, has been required to be filed
for any Company ERISA Plan or by any Company ERISA Affiliate
within the 12-month period ending on the date hereof.

(d)  Except as disclosed in Section 2.11(d) of the
Disclosure Schedule, all contributions required to be paid on or
prior to the date hereof to or with respect to any Company
Benefit Plan by its terms or applicable law have been paid in
full and proper form. Neither any Company ERISA Plan nor any
single-employer plan of a Company ERISA Affiliate has an

“accumulated funding deficiency” 
(whether or
not waived) within the meaning of Code Section 412 or
Section 302 of ERISA and no Company ERISA Affiliate has an
outstanding funding waiver. Neither Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries has provided, or is required to provide, security
to any Company ERISA Plan or to any single-employer plan of a
Company ERISA Affiliate pursuant to Code
Section 401(a)(29). Neither Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries has any liability for contributions under ERISA
Section 302(c)(ii).

(e)  Except as disclosed in Section 2.11(e) of the
Disclosure Schedule, the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement do not (i) constitute or result in a severance or
termination of employment under any Company Benefit Plan for
which severance or termination benefits may be payable with
respect to any employee covered thereby, (ii) accelerate
the time of payment or vesting or increase the amount of
benefits due under any Company Benefit Plan or compensation to
any employee of Company, (iii) result in any payments
(including parachute payments) or funding (through grants or
otherwise) of compensation or benefits under any Company Benefit
Plan or Law or result in any obligation or liability of Company
to any employee of Company or any Company ERISA Affiliate, and
except as disclosed in Section 2.11(e) of the Disclosure
Schedule the value of benefits under any Company Benefit Plan
will in no event be calculated on the basis of any of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

(f)  Neither Company nor any Company ERISA Affiliate, nor
to Company’s knowledge any other 
“disqualified
person” 
or 
“party in interest” 
(as
defined in Code Section 4975 and Section 3(14) of
ERISA, respectively) with respect to any Company ERISA Plan has
engaged in any transaction in violation of Section 406 of
ERISA for which no class, individual or statutory exemption
exists or any 
“prohibited transaction” 
(as
defined in Code Section 4975(c)(1)) for which no class,
individual or statutory exemption exists under Code
Section 4975(c)(2) or (d), nor has the Company, any Company
ERISA Affiliate, or to the knowledge of Company, any other
person who is a 
“fiduciary” 
(as defined in
Section 3(21) of ERISA) of any Company ERISA Plan breached
or participated in the breach of any fiduciary obligation
imposed pursuant to Part 4 of Title I of ERISA.

A-16

(g)  There are no actions, suits, disputes or claims
pending or, to Company’s knowledge, threatened (other than
routine claims for benefits) or legal, administrative or other
proceedings or governmental investigations pending or, to
Company’s knowledge, threatened, against or with respect to
any Company Benefit Plan or the assets of any Company Benefit
Plan.

(h)  Under each Company ERISA Plan which is a
single-employer plan, as of the last day of the most recent plan
year ended prior to the date hereof, the actuarially determined
present value of all 
“benefit liabilities”
,
within the meaning of Section 4001(a)(16) of ERISA (as
determined on the basis of the actuarial assumptions contained
in the Plan’s most recent actuarial valuation), did not
exceed the then current value of the assets of such Plan, and
there has been no change in the financial condition of such Plan
since the last day of the most recent plan year. The withdrawal
liability of Company and its Subsidiaries under each Company
ERISA Plan which is a multiemployer plan to which Company, any
of its Subsidiaries or any ERISA Affiliate has contributed
during the preceding 12 months, determined as if a

“complete withdrawal,” 
within the meaning of
Section 4203 of ERISA, had occurred as of the date hereof,
does not exceed $100,000.

(i)  Except as disclosed in Section 2.11(i) of the
Disclosure Schedule, no Company Benefit Plan provides or
provided health or medical benefits (whether or not insured)
with respect to current or former employees of Company or its
Subsidiaries beyond their retirement or other termination of
service (other than coverage mandated by statutory law).

(j)  Each Company ERISA Plan that is an 
“employee
welfare benefit plan” 
as that term is defined in
Section 3(1) of ERISA is either (as identified on
Section 2.11(a) of the Disclosure Schedule): funded through
an insurance company contract, funded throughout a tax-exempt

“VEBA” 
trust or unfunded. There is no liability
in the nature of a retroactive rate adjustment or loss-sharing
or similar arrangement, with respect to any Company ERISA Plan
which is an employee welfare benefit plan.

(k)  Company has made available to Parent true and complete
copies of the following with respect to each of the Company
Benefit Plans: each plan document, insurance contract, service
provider contract or arrangement, and summary plan description
or similar plan description, if any; each trust agreement,
insurance policy or other instrument relating to the funding
thereof; the most recent Annual Report (Form 5500 series)
and associated schedules filed with the IRS or the United States
Department of Labor for each Company Benefit Plan required to
make such filing; the most recent audited financial statement
report, if any; the most recent actuarial report, if any; and a
description of each unwritten Company Benefit Plan and the
individuals covered thereby; and the most recent determination
of the IRS with respect to the qualified status of any Company
Benefit Plan intended to be qualified under Code
Section 401(a).

(l)  All Company Benefit Plans maintained outside of the
United States comply in all material respects with applicable
local law. Company and its Subsidiaries have no material
unfunded liabilities with respect to any such Company Benefit
Plan.

Section 2.12  
Employment
Agreements.
 Except as disclosed in Section 2.12 of the
Disclosure Schedule, none of Company or any of its Subsidiaries
is a party to any employment, consulting, non-competition,
severance, or indemnification agreement with any current or
former officer or director or employee of Company or any of its
Subsidiaries. True and complete copies of the agreements
disclosed in Section 2.12 of the Disclosure Schedule have
been furnished to Parent prior to the date hereof. Neither
Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to any collective
bargaining agreement.

Section 2.13  
Legal Proceedings.

Except as disclosed in Section 2.13 of the Disclosure
Schedule, there is no action, suit or other proceeding pending
or, the knowledge of the Company, threatened against the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries, or to which the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries is a party, except (i) workers’
compensation claims which are fully insured, subject to
Company’s retention of liability for the first $700,000 of
such claims, and (ii) receivables collections for less than
$100,000 where Company is the plaintiff and related
countersuits. Except as disclosed in Section 2.13 of the
Disclosure Schedule, there is no pending or, to Company’s
knowledge, threatened judicial or administrative proceeding or
investigation affecting Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or
involving any of the properties or assets of the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries, at law or in equity or before any
Governmental Entity or any board of arbitration or

A-17

similar entity that (i) involves a claimed amount against the
Company or any Subsidiary equal to or greater than $100,000,
(ii) would reasonably be expected to result in the payment
by the Company or any Subsidiary of damages or settlement in an
amount equal to or greater than $100,000, or (iii) that if
resolved adversely to it would reasonably be likely to result in
a Company Material Adverse Effect or could reasonably be
expected to impair Company’s ability to consummate the
Merger.

Section 2.14  
Licenses; Compliance with
Law; Accuracy of Certain Information.
 Except as disclosed in
Section 2.14 of the Disclosure Schedule, all licenses,
franchises, permits and other governmental authorizations
(collectively, 
“Licenses”
) held by Company and
its Subsidiaries that are used in Company’s Business are
valid and sufficient for all business presently carried on by
Company, except where the failure to maintain such valid and
sufficient Licenses would not be reasonably likely to result in
a Company Material Adverse Effect. No suspension, cancellation
or termination of any such Licenses is threatened or imminent.
No such License has been revoked, conditioned (except as may be
customary) or restricted and no action (equitable, legal or
administrative), arbitration or other process is pending, or to
the Company’s knowledge, threatened in writing which in any
way challenges the validity of, or seeks to revoke, condition or
restrict any such License. Except as disclosed in
Section 2.14 of the Disclosure Schedule, and except for
matters addressed in Section 2.07 (
Tax Matters.
),
Section 2.11 (
Employee Benefit Plans.
),
Section 2.17 (
Environmental Matters
), and
Section 2.18 (
Intellectual Property.
), which shall
be governed exclusively by such Sections, Company’s
Business is being conducted in compliance with all applicable
Laws and is not being conducted in violation of any Law, except
for violations which either individually or in the aggregate are
not reasonably likely to result in a Company Material Adverse
Effect.

Section 2.15  
Accuracy of Proxy
Statement/ Prospectus.
 On the date on which Company mails to
its shareholders the Proxy Statement/ Prospectus, on the date
the Company Shareholders Meeting is held, and on the Effective
Date, the Proxy Statement/ Prospectus will contain all material
statements concerning Company which are required to be set forth
therein in accordance with the Securities Act; and at such
respective times, the Proxy Statement/ Prospectus will not
include any untrue statement of a material fact with respect to
the Company or omit to state any material fact with respect to
Company required to be stated therein or necessary to make the
statements therein not misleading. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, Company makes no representation or warranty with
respect to any information concerning Parent, Buyer or any of
Parent’s or Buyer’s Subsidiaries or advisors included
or incorporated by reference in the Proxy Statement/ Prospectus.

Section 2.16  
Insurance.
 All
properties of Company and its Subsidiaries are insured for their
respective benefits, in amounts customary and reasonable for the
line of business of Company and against all risks usually
insured against by Persons of similar size operating similar
properties in the localities where such properties are located
under valid and enforceable policies issued by insurers of
recognized responsibility, except where failure to so insure
would not be reasonably likely to have a Company Material
Adverse Effect.

Section 2.17  
Environmental
Matters.
 Except as would not reasonably be likely to result
in a Company Material Adverse Effect:

	(a)  Each of Company and its Subsidiaries is in compliance
	with all applicable Environmental Laws Neither Company nor any
	Subsidiary has received any notice of any investigation, claim
	or proceeding against Company which is pending and unresolved
	relating to Hazardous Substances or any action pursuant to or
	violation or alleged violation under any Environmental Law, and
	Company is not aware of any fact or circumstance that could
	reasonably be expected to involve the Company or any Subsidiary
	in any environmental litigation, proceeding, investigation or
	claim or impose any environmental liability upon Company or any
	Subsidiary.

	(b)  To the knowledge of Company, there are no Hazardous
	Substances in, under or about the soil, sediment, surface water
	or groundwater on, under or around any properties at any time
	owned, leased or occupied by Company or any Subsidiary for which
	Company would incur obligations of remediation under applicable
	Environmental Laws. Neither Company nor any Subsidiary has
	disposed of any Hazardous Substances on or about such properties
	except in compliance with applicable Environmental Laws or in a
	manner that would not cause Company or any Subsidiary to incur
	obligations of remediation under applicable Environmental Laws.
	There is no present release or threatened release of any
	Hazardous

A-18

	Substances in, on, under or around such properties for which
	Company would incur obligations of remediation under applicable
	Environmental Laws. To the knowledge of Company, neither the
	Company nor any Subsidiary has disposed of any materials at any
	site being investigated or remediated for contamination or
	possible contamination of the environment for which Company
	would have liability.

	(c)  Except as set forth in Section 2.17 of the
	Disclosure Schedule, the Company has provided no indemnities of
	any kind to any third party with respect to environmental
	matters concerning the Company, its Subsidiaries, or the assets
	of either under which Company or a Subsidiary has received
	notice of actual and unresolved liability.

Section 2.18  
Intellectual Property
.

(a)  The Company and each of its Subsidiaries owns, or is
licensed or otherwise possesses legally sufficient rights to
use, all patents, trademarks, trade names, service marks,
copyrights, and any applications therefor, technology, know-how,
computer software programs or applications (in both source code
and object code form) and tangible or intangible proprietary
information or material that are used or proposed to be used in
the business of the Company or such Subsidiary, as currently
conducted in any respect (the 
“Company Intellectual
Property”
). Except as disclosed in Section 2.18 of
the Disclosure Schedule,

Company has no knowledge of any
infringement by any other Person of any of the Company
Intellectual Property owned by or exclusively licensed to
Company (any such licensed Company Intellectual Property being
referred to herein as 
“Third Party Intellectual
Property”
), and Company has not entered into any
agreement to indemnify any other Person against any charge of
infringement of any of the Company Intellectual Property Except
as disclosed in Section 2.18 of the Disclosure Schedule, to
the knowledge of Company, neither Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries has violated or infringed any intellectual property
right of any other Person, and neither Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries has received any written communication (including,
without limitation, claims or demands) alleging that it violates
or infringes the intellectual property rights of any other
Person. Except as disclosed in Section 2.18 of the
Disclosure Schedule, neither Company nor any of its Subsidiaries
has received any written claim or demand of any Person
pertaining to, or any proceeding which is pending or, to the
knowledge of Company, threatened, that challenges the rights of
Company or any of its Subsidiaries in respect of any Company
Intellectual Property, or that claims that any default exists
under any Company Intellectual Property. None of the Company
Intellectual Property is subject to any outstanding order,
ruling, decree, judgment or stipulation by or with any court,
tribunal, arbitrator, or other Governmental Entity.

(b)  Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is,
nor will it be as a result of the execution and delivery of this
Agreement or the performance of its obligations hereunder, in
violation of any license, sublicense or agreement concerning
Company Intellectual Property. Except as set forth in
Section 2.18 of the Disclosure Schedule, no claims with
respect to the Company Intellectual Property, any trade secret
material to the Company or Third Party Intellectual Property to
the extent arising out of any use, reproduction or distribution
of such Third Party Intellectual Property by or through the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries, are currently pending or, to
the knowledge of the Company, are threatened by any person,
(i) to the effect that the manufacture, sale, licensing or
use of any product as now used, sold or licensed or proposed for
use, sale or license by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
infringes on any patent, trademark, trade name, service mark,
copyright, or trade secret; (ii) against the use by the
Company or its Subsidiaries of any patent, trademarks, trade
names, copyrights, trade secrets, technology, know-how or
computer software programs and applications used in the business
of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries as currently conducted
or as proposed to be conducted; (iii) challenging the
ownership, validity or effectiveness of any of the Company
Intellectual Property or other trade secret material to the
Company and its Subsidiaries, or (iv) challenging the
Company’s or any of its Subsidiaries’ license or
legally enforceable right to use of the Third Party Intellectual
Property.

(c)  Except as disclosed in Section 2.18 of the
Disclosure Schedule, neither the execution and delivery of this
Agreement by the Company nor the consummation by the Company of
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement will result in
any breach of or constitute a default (or an event that with
notice or lapse of time or both would become a default), or
impair the Company’s or any of its Subsidiaries’
rights or alter the rights or obligations of any third party
under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment,
acceleration or

A-19

cancellation of, any license agreement, contract or other
arrangement of any nature relating to Company Intellectual
Property Rights or Third Party Intellectual Property Rights.

Section 2.19  
Labor Matters
. There
are no controversies pending or, to the knowledge of the
Company, threatened, between the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries and any group of their respective employees.
Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to
any collective bargaining agreement or other labor union
contract applicable to persons employed by the Company or its
Subsidiaries nor does the Company know of any activities or
proceedings of any labor union to organize any such employees;
and neither the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has breached
or otherwise failed to comply with any provision of any such
agreement or contract and there are no grievances outstanding
against any such parties under any such agreement or contract.
There are no unfair labor practice complaints pending against
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries before the National Labor
Relations Board or any current union representation questions
involving employees of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.
The Company has no knowledge of any strikes, slowdowns, work
stoppages, lockouts, or threats thereof, by or with respect to
any employees of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. The
Company has no knowledge of any strikes, slowdowns, work
stoppages, lockouts, or threats thereof, by or with respect to
any employees of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. No
consent of any union which is a party to any collective
bargaining agreement with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
is required to consummate the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.

Section 2.20  
Related Party
Transactions
. Except as set forth in the Company’s SEC
Filings or Section 2.20 of the Disclosure Schedule, no
director, officer, or 
“affiliate” 
(as such term
is defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act) of the
Company (a) has outstanding any indebtedness or other
similar obligations of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries,
other than ordinary course of business travel advances or
(b) other than employment related benefits agreements
contemplated by or disclosed in this Agreement, is a party to
any legally binding contract, commitment or obligation to, from
or with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

Section 2.21  
State Takeover
Statutes
. The action of the Board of Directors of the
Company in approving the Merger, this Agreement, and the
transactions contemplated hereby is sufficient to render
inapplicable to the Merger and this Agreement the provisions of
Part Thirteen of the TBCA.

Section 2.22  
Brokers; Advisors
. No
broker, investment banker, financial advisor or other person,
other than Credit Suisse First Boston Corporation, the fees and
expenses of which will be paid by the Company (and are reflected
in agreements between Credit Suisse First Boston Corporation and
the Company, complete copies of which have been furnished to
Parent), is entitled to any broker’s, finder’s,
financial advisor’s or other similar fee or commission in
connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of the Company. A
true and complete estimate of the fees and costs of all
financial and accounting advisors and legal counsel retained by
Company in connection with the negotiation and consummation of
the Merger is set forth in Section 2.22 of the Disclosure
Schedule. Company will obtain the agreement of Credit Suisse
First Boston Corporation to provide the section of the Proxy
Statement/ Prospectus that describes the procedures it followed
in arriving at its fairness opinion.

Section 2.23  
Pooling of Interest
.
Neither Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has taken or agreed
or intends to take any action, nor does the Company have any
knowledge of any fact or circumstance with respect to Company or
its Subsidiaries, which would prevent the Merger from being
treated for financial accounting purposes as a “pooling of
interests” in accordance with GAAP or the rules,
regulations and interpretations of the SEC.

Section 2.24  
Full Disclosure
. No
representation or warranty by the Company herein (including the
Schedules and Annexes hereto) or in any certificate furnished by
or on behalf of the Company to Parent in connection herewith,
taken together with all the other information provided to Parent
or its counsel in connection with the transactions contemplated
hereby and all the information included in the Company SEC
Filings, contains or will contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omits or will omit to state a material fact
necessary in order to make the statements herein or therein, in
the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
misleading.

A-20

ARTICLE III

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

OF PARENT AND BUYER

Parent and Buyer hereby represent and warrant to Company as
follows:

Section 3.01 
Organization
. Parent is a
corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good
standing under the laws of the State of New York, and has the
requisite power and authority to carry on its business as it is
now being conducted. Buyer is a corporation duly organized,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the
State of Texas.

Section 3.02  
Capitalization
.
(a) The authorized capital stock of Parent consists of
300,000,000 shares of Parent Stock, of which 92,261,655 shares
were issued and outstanding as of December 29, 2000, and
3,000,000 shares of Parent’s Preferred Stock, par value
$1.00 per share, of which no shares of Preferred Stock are
issued and outstanding. Except as disclosed in the Parent SEC
Filings, there are no (i) bonds, debentures, notes or other
instruments or evidences of indebtedness having the right to
vote (or convertible into, or exercisable or exchangeable for,
securities having the right to vote) on any matters on which the
shareholders of Parent or any of its Subsidiaries may vote
(
“Parent Voting Debt”
) issued and outstanding,
(ii) existing options (other than director and employee
stock options which, as of December 29, 2000 represent an
aggregate of 8,377,954 shares of Parent Stock), warrants, calls,
rights (including preemptive rights), subscriptions or other
rights, agreements, arrangements or commitments of any
character, obligating Parent to issue, transfer or sell or cause
to be issued, transferred or sold any shares of capital stock or
Parent Voting Debt of, or other equity interests in, Parent or
securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for
such shares, Parent Voting Debt, or equity interests, or
obligating Parent to grant, extend or enter into any such
option, warrant, call, right, subscription or other right,
agreement, arrangement or commitment, or (iii) outstanding
contractual or other obligations of Parent to repurchase, redeem
or otherwise acquire any shares of Parent Stock or to provide
funds to make any investment (in the form of a loan, capital
contribution or otherwise) in any other entity. There are not as
of the date hereof and there will not be at the Effective Time
any stockholder agreements, voting trusts or other agreements or
understandings to which Parent or any of its Subsidiaries is a
party or by which any of them is bound relating to the voting of
any shares of the capital stock of Parent or any agreements,
arrangements, or other understandings to which Parent or any of
its Subsidiaries is a party or by which any of them is bound
that will limit in any way the solicitation of proxies by or on
behalf of Parent from or the casting of votes by, the
shareholders of Parent with respect to the Merger. There is no
liability for any dividends or other distributions declared or
accumulated but unpaid with respect to any capital stock of
Parent.

(b)  The authorized capital stock of Buyer consists of
10,000 shares of common stock, par value $1.00 per share, of
which 1,000 shares are issued and outstanding on the date hereof
and will be issued and outstanding as of the Closing Date. All
of the shares of capital stock of Buyer are owned beneficially
and of record by Parent.

(c)  The shares of Parent Stock to be issued as part of the
Merger Consideration have been authorized and when issued and
delivered in accordance with the terms of this Agreement,
including Company Shareholder Approval and Parent Shareholder
Approval, will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable,
and the issuance thereof is not subject to any preemptive or
similar right.

Section 3.03  
Authority; Validity
.
Parent and Buyer have full power and authority, corporate or
otherwise, to execute and deliver this Agreement and, subject to
the approval of this Agreement by the shareholders of Parent
(
“Parent Shareholders’ Approval”
), to
carry out their respective obligations hereunder. The execution
and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby have been duly authorized by
all necessary action on the part of the Board of Directors of
Parent and Buyer. Parent’s Board of Directors has directed
that this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby be
submitted to Parent’s shareholders for consideration at a
meeting of such shareholders and, except for the Parent
Shareholders’ Approval, no other corporate proceedings on
the part of Parent or Buyer are necessary to authorize this
Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby. Upon
execution and delivery hereof

A-21

(assuming that this Agreement is the legal, valid and binding
obligation of Company), this Agreement will constitute the valid
and binding obligation of Parent and Buyer enforceable against
Parent and Buyer in accordance with its terms, subject to the
effect of bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and
other similar laws relating to or limiting creditors’
rights generally and equitable principles.

Section 3.04  
No Conflict
. Neither
Parent, Buyer nor any of their respective assets is subject to
or obligated under any charter, bylaw, Contract, or other
instrument or any permit, or subject to any Law which would be
defaulted, breached, terminated, forfeited or violated by or in
conflict with (or upon the failure to give notice or the lapse
of time, or both, would result in a default, breach,
termination, forfeiture or conflict with) Parent’s or
Buyer’s execution, delivery and performance of this
Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby except where
such event or occurrence (i) as of the date hereof is not
reasonably likely to result in losses, liabilities, costs or
expenses, damage, decline in value to the business, condition or
properties of Parent’s Business (collectively,

“Parent Losses”
) that, individually or in the
aggregate, would reasonably be likely to have a Parent Material
Adverse Effect; or (ii) between the date hereof and the
Closing Date would not, individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably be likely to have a Parent Material Adverse Effect.
Neither Parent’s nor Buyer’s execution, delivery and
performance of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated
hereby will result in the creation of any lien, pledge, security
interest or other encumbrance on the assets of Parent or Buyer
or result in any change in the rights or obligations of any
party under, or the acceleration of (with or without the giving
of notice or the lapse of time), any provision of any Material
Contract of Parent or any change in the rights or obligations of
Parent under any Law, permit or license to which Parent is
subject, except where such encumbrance, change or acceleration
would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be
likely to have a Parent Material Adverse Effect.

Section 3.05 
Consents
. Except as disclosed in
Section 3.05 of the Disclosure Schedule, and other than the
issuance of a certificate of merger by the Texas Secretary of
State, as provided in Section 1.03, such consents
(including the Parent Shareholders’ Approval), orders,
approvals, authorizations, registrations, declarations and
filings as may be required under the TBCA, applicable state
securities laws and the securities laws of any foreign country,
the order of the SEC declaring the Registration Statement
effective, the listing on the NYSE of Parent Stock issuable in
the Merger or upon exercise of the Options, such actions of the
Department of Justice and the Federal Trade Commission as may be
required under the HSR Act with respect to the Merger, and such
other consents, orders, approvals, authorizations,
registrations, declarations and filings which, if not obtained
or made would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably
be likely to have a Parent Material Adverse Effect, and that
would not prohibit or prevent the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby, no consent of any Person not a
party to this Agreement, nor consent of or filing with
(including any waiting period) any Governmental Entity, is
required to be obtained or performed on the part of Parent and
Buyer to permit the Merger and the other transactions
contemplated hereby.

Section 3.06 
Legal Proceedings
. Except as
otherwise disclosed by Parent to Company there is no pending or,
to Parent’s knowledge, threatened judicial or
administrative proceeding or investigation affecting Parent that
if resolved adversely to Parent would reasonably be likely to
result in a Parent Material Adverse Effect or could reasonably
be expected to impair its ability to consummate the Merger.

Section 3.07 
Financial Statements, SEC
Filings.

(a)  Parent has delivered or made available copies of the
following financial statements to Company: (i) the
consolidated balance sheet of Parent at June 30, 2000 and
the consolidated statements of income, shareholders’ equity
and cash flows for the years ended June 30, 2000 and
July 2, 1999, in each case including the notes thereto and
the related report of Arthur Andersen LLP, independent certified
public accountants, and (ii) the unaudited consolidated
balance sheet of Parent at December 29, 2000 and the
unaudited consolidated statements of income and cash flows for
the six-month periods ended December 29, 2000 and
December 31, 1999, in each case including any notes thereto.

(b)  All financial statements delivered pursuant to
Section 3.07(a) hereof are in accordance with the books and
records of Parent and have been prepared in accordance with GAAP
consistently applied throughout the periods indicated (except as
may be indicated in the notes thereto or, in the case of the
unaudited statements, as permitted by Form 10-Q of the
SEC). All consolidated balance sheets included on

A-22

such financial statements present fairly in all material
respects the consolidated financial position of Parent as of the
dates thereof (subject, in the case of the unaudited statements,
to customary reclassification year-end adjustments). Except as
and to the extent reflected or reserved against in such
consolidated balance sheets (including the notes thereto) as of
December 29, 2000, Parent did not have any liabilities or
obligations (absolute or contingent) of a nature required by
GAAP to be reflected in a consolidated balance sheet as of such
date. All consolidated statements of income included on such
financial statements present fairly in all material respects the
consolidated results of operations of Parent for the periods
indicated.

(c)  Parent has filed with the SEC all forms, statements,
reports and documents (including all exhibits, amendments and
supplements thereto) required to be filed by it under the
Securities Act, the Exchange Act and the respective rules and
regulations of the SEC thereunder (such forms, statements,
reports and documents are collectively referred to as the

“Parent SEC Filings”
) required to be filed
after January 1, 2000.

(d)  As of their respective dates, (i) each of
Parent’s past Parent SEC Filings was, and each of its
future Parent SEC Filings will be, prepared in compliance in all
respects with the applicable requirements of the Securities Act
and the Exchange Act; and (ii) none of its past Parent SEC
Filings did, and none of its future Parent SEC Filings will,
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state
a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to
make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under
which they were made, not misleading.

Section 3.08  
No Material Adverse
Effect
. Since June 30, 2000 there has not been any
event which has had or is likely to have a Parent Material
Adverse Effect.

Section 3.09  
Accuracy of Proxy
Statement/ Prospectus
. On the date on which Parent mails to
its shareholders the Proxy Statement/ Prospectus, on the date
the Parent Shareholders Meeting is held, and on the Effective
Date, the Proxy Statement/ Prospectus will contain all
statements concerning Parent and Buyer which are required to be
set forth therein in accordance with the Securities Act and the
Exchange Act; and at such respective times, the Proxy Statement/
Prospectus will not include any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary to make the statements therein not
misleading. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Parent and Buyer make
no representation or warranty with respect to any information
concerning Company or any of Company’s Subsidiaries or
advisors included or incorporated by reference in the Proxy
Statement/ Prospectus.

Section 3.10  
Reorganization
.
Neither Parent nor Buyer has taken or agreed or intends to take
any action, nor does Parent have any knowledge of any fact or
circumstance, which would prevent the Merger from constituting a
reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the
Code.

Section 3.11  
No Brokers or
Finders
. Neither Parent, Buyer nor any of their respective
officers, directors or employees has employed any broker or
finder or incurred any liability for any financial advisory,
brokerage or finder’s fees or commissions in connection
with the transactions contemplated herein, except that Parent
has retained Merrill Lynch, Pierce Fenner, & Smith
Incorporated as its financial advisor, whose fees and expenses
will be paid by Parent.

Section 3.12  
Full Disclosure
. No
representation or warranty by Parent or Buyer herein (including
the Schedules and Annexes hereto) or in any certificate
furnished by or on behalf of Parent or Buyer to Company in
connection herewith, taken together with all the other
information provided to Company or its counsel in connection
with the transactions contemplated hereby and all the
information included in the Parent SEC Filings, contains or will
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omits or will
omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the
statements herein or therein, in the light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading.

Section 3.13  
Compliance with Law
.
All Licenses held by Parent and its Subsidiaries that are
material in connection with Parent’s Business are valid and
sufficient for all business presently carried on by Parent and
its Subsidiaries, except where the failure to maintain such
valid and sufficient license would not be reasonably likely to
result in a Parent Material Adverse Effect. No suspension,
cancellation or termination of any such Licenses is threatened
or imminent. Parent’s Business is being conducted in
compliance with all applicable

A-23

Laws and is not being conducted in violation of any Law, except
for violations which either individually or in the aggregate are
not reasonably likely to result in a Parent Material Adverse
Effect.

Section 3.14  
Taxes
. Parent and
each of its Subsidiaries have filed all Tax Returns required to
be filed by them, or requests for extensions to file such Tax
Returns have been timely filed and granted and have not expired,
except where failures to file such Tax Returns or request such
extensions would not, individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably be likely to have a Parent Material Adverse Effect,
and all such Tax Returns are complete and accurate in all
material respects. Parent and each of its Subsidiaries have paid
(or Parent has paid on their behalf) all Taxes, whether or not
shown as due on such Tax Returns. The most recent financial
statements referred to in Section 3.06 reflect an adequate
reserve for all Taxes payable by Parent and its Subsidiaries for
all taxable periods and portions thereof accrued through the
date of such financial statements and no liabilities for Taxes
have been incurred by Parent or any of its Subsidiaries
subsequent to such date other than in the ordinary course of its
business.

Section 3.15  
Employee Benefits
.
Each Parent Benefit Plan is currently, and has been in the past,
operated and administered in all respects in compliance with its
terms and with the requirements of all applicable Laws,
including, without limitation, ERISA and the Code, except where
non-compliance would not be reasonably likely to have a Parent
Material Adverse Effect.

Section 3.16  
Environmental
Matters
. Except as would not reasonably be likely to result
in a Parent Material Adverse Effect, (i) Parent and each of
its Subsidiaries have conducted their respective businesses in
accordance with all applicable Environmental Laws, and
(ii) Parent has not received any written notice of any
investigation, claim or proceeding against Parent or any of its
Subsidiaries relating to Hazardous Substances.

ARTICLE IV

COVENANTS

Section 4.01  
Access and
Information.

(a)  Subject to applicable laws and regulations, upon
reasonable notice during the period from the date hereof through
the Effective Time, each of Company, Parent and Buyer shall, and
shall cause their Representatives to, and Company shall cause
its Subsidiaries to, afford the Representatives of the other
party reasonable access during normal business hours to all of
the other party’s properties, books, records, documents
(including, without limitation, Tax Returns for all periods open
under the applicable statute of limitations), personnel,
auditors and counsel, and each party shall (and Company shall
cause its Subsidiaries to) furnish promptly to the other party
all information concerning such party as such other party or
such other party’s Representatives may reasonably request.

(b)  All non-public information disclosed by any party (or
its Representatives) whether before or after the date hereof, in
connection with the transactions contemplated by, or the
discussions and negotiations preceding, this Agreement to any
other party (or its Representatives) shall be kept confidential
by such other party and its Representatives and shall not be
used by any such Persons other than as contemplated by this
Agreement. Subject to the requirements of applicable Law,
Parent, Buyer and Company will keep confidential, and each will
cause their respective Representatives to keep confidential, all
such non-public information and documents unless such
information was already known to Parent, Buyer or Company, as
the case may be, as long as such information was not obtained in
violation of a confidentiality obligation becomes available to
Parent, Buyer or Company, as the case may be, from other sources
not known by Parent, Buyer or Company, respectively, to be bound
by a confidentiality obligation, is independently acquired by
Parent, Buyer or Company, as the case may be, as a result of
work carried out by any Representative of Parent, Buyer or
Company, respectively, to whom no disclosure of such information
has been made, is disclosed with the prior written approval of
Company or Parent or Buyer, as the case may be, or is or becomes
readily ascertainable from publicly available information. Upon
any termination of this Agreement, each party hereto will
collect and deliver to the other, or certify as to the
destruction of, all documents obtained by it or any of its
Representatives then in their possession and any copies thereof.

A-24

(c)  Subject to applicable Law, if between the date hereof
and the Effective Time any Governmental Entity shall commence
any examination, review, investigation, action, suit or
proceeding against any party hereto with respect to the Merger,
such party shall (i) give the other parties prompt notice
thereof, (ii) keep the other parties informed as to the
status thereof and (iii) permit the other parties to
observe and be present at each meeting, conference or other
proceeding and have access to and be consulted in connection
with any document filed or provided to such Governmental Entity
in connection with such examination, review, investigation,
action, suit or proceeding.

(d)  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein,
neither Parent, Buyer nor Company nor any of their respective
Subsidiaries shall be required to provide access to or to
disclose information where such access or disclosure would
violate or prejudice the rights of its customers, jeopardize the
attorney-client privilege of the entity in possession or control
of such information or contravene any law, rule, regulation,
order, judgment, decree or binding agreement entered into prior
to the date of this Agreement. The parties will make appropriate
substitute disclosure arrangements under circumstances in which
the restrictions of the preceding sentence apply.

Section 4.02  
Governmental Filings.

Subject to the terms and conditions herein provided, the
parties hereto shall: (a) promptly make their respective
filings and thereafter make any other required submissions under
the HSR Act with respect to the Merger; (b) use all
reasonable efforts to cooperate with one another in
(i) determining which filings are required to be made prior
to the Effective Time with, and which consents, approvals,
permits or authorizations are required to be obtained prior to
the Effective Time from, any Governmental Entity in connection
with the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, and
(ii) timely making all such filings and timely seeking all
such consents, approvals, permits or authorizations; and
(c) using all reasonable efforts to take, or cause to be
taken, all other action and doing, or cause to be done, all
other things necessary, proper or appropriate to consummate and
make effective the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

Section 4.03  
Consents and
Approvals.

(a)  Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts
to obtain any and all consents from other parties to all
Material Contracts, if necessary or appropriate to allow the
consummation of the Merger. Each party hereto shall use its
commercially reasonable efforts to obtain any and all permits or
approvals of any Governmental Entity required by such party for
the lawful consummation of the Merger.

(b)  Each party hereto shall, upon request, furnish each
other with all information concerning themselves, their
respective Subsidiaries, directors, officers and shareholders
and such other matters as may be reasonably necessary or
advisable in connection with the Proxy Statement/ Prospectus and
the Registration Statement or any other statement, filing,
notice or application made by or on behalf of Parent, Buyer or
Company to any Governmental Entity in connection with the Merger
and the other transactions contemplated hereby.

(c)  Each party hereto shall promptly furnish each other
with copies of all written communications received by such party
or any of their respective Subsidiaries from, or delivered by
any of the foregoing to, any Governmental Entity in respect of
the transactions contemplated hereby.

Section 4.04  
Meetings of Shareholders;
Securities Filings.

(a)  
Meetings of Shareholders. 
Each of Company and
Parent shall take all action necessary in accordance with
applicable Laws, its charter documents and the policies of the
NYSE to duly call, give notice of, convene and hold a meeting of
its shareholders as promptly as practicable to consider and vote
upon this Agreement, the Merger and all matters related thereto,
in each case, subject to compliance by the directors of Company
and Parent respectively with their respective fiduciary duties
as advised by counsel (the 
“Company Shareholders
Meeting” 
and 
“Parent Shareholders
Meeting”
, respectively). Each of Company and Parent
shall, through its Board of Directors recommend to their
respective shareholders approval of such matters and shall use
its best efforts to obtain such approval by its shareholders
unless, (i) in the case of Company, Company’s Board of
Directors determines in good faith, after receipt of written
advice from Locke Liddell & Sapp LLP, counsel to Company,
that such action creates a reasonable likelihood of constituting
a breach of

A-25

the fiduciary duties of Company’s Board of Directors to
Company’s shareholders under applicable law, and
(ii) in the case of Parent, Parent’s Board of
Directors determines in good faith, after receipt of written
advice from Carter, Ledyard & Milburn, counsel to Parent,
that such action creates a reasonable likelihood of constituting
a breach of the fiduciary duties of Parent’s Board of
Directors to Parent’s shareholders under applicable law.
Company and Parent agree to postpone, delay or adjourn their
respective meetings, or to convene a second meeting, in the
event insufficient voting shares are present to conduct the
meeting.

(b)  
Joint Proxy Statement/ Prospectus and Registration
Statement. 
As promptly as reasonably practicable, Company,
Parent and Buyer shall prepare and Parent shall file with the
SEC a registration statement on Form S-4 under the
Securities Act and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder with respect to the Parent Stock to be issued in the
Merger (the 
“Registration Statement”
) for use
in connection with their respective shareholder meetings. Part I
of the Registration Statement will be a joint proxy
statement/prospectus for distribution to the shareholders of
Company and Parent in connection with their respective
shareholder meetings (the 
“Proxy Statement/
Prospectus”
) The Proxy Statement/ Prospectus and
Registration Statement shall not be filed, and no amendment or
supplement to the Proxy Statement/ Prospectus and Registration
Statement shall be made by either Company or Parent, without
prior consultation with the other party and its counsel. Company
and Parent shall cooperate and use all reasonable efforts to
have the Registration Statement declared effective by the SEC as
promptly as reasonably practicable. Parent will, as promptly as
practicable, provide any written comments received from the SEC
with respect to the Registration Statement and advise Company of
any verbal comments received from the SEC with respect thereto.
Parent shall also take any action (other than qualifying to do
business in any jurisdiction in which it is now not so
qualified) required to be taken under the securities or

“blue sky”
 laws of the various States in
connection with the issuance of the Parent Stock pursuant to the
Merger.

(c)  
Indemnification. 
Each of Company and Parent
(each an 
“Indemnifying Party”
) agrees to
indemnify and hold harmless the other, each person who controls
the other within the meaning of the Securities Act, and each
director and officer of the other, against any losses, claims,
damages, liabilities or expenses (including reasonable counsel
fees and costs of investigation and defense) that are based on
the ground or alleged ground that the Registration Statement, at
the time of its effectiveness, includes an untrue statement of a
material fact concerning such Indemnifying Party or omits to
state a material fact concerning such Indemnifying Party
required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the
statements therein not misleading. These indemnity obligations
will remain in force after any termination of this Agreement.

(d)  
Listing Application; Blue Sky. 
Parent shall use
its reasonable efforts to cause the Parent Stock distributed in
connection with the Merger and upon exercise of Options to be
authorized for listing on the NYSE. Parent shall make all
necessary blue sky law filings in connection with the Merger and
exercise of Options.

Section 4.05  
Conduct of Company
Business. 
Company covenants and agrees that after the date
hereof and prior to the Effective Time (unless Parent shall have
agreed in writing):

	(a)  
Ordinary Course. 
Company will, and will cause
	its Subsidiaries to, operate Company’s Business only in the
	ordinary course of business consistent with past practices and
	will use its reasonable efforts to (i) preserve its
	existing business organization, insurance coverage, rights,
	licenses or permits, advantageous business relationships,
	agreements and credit facilities; (ii) retain and keep
	available the services of its present officers, employees and
	agents; (iii) preserve the goodwill of its customers,
	suppliers and others having business relations with it; and
	(iv) timely pay all Taxes when due in accordance with past
	practices or accrue and provide for on the books and records of
	the Company in accordance with GAAP. Subject to compliance with
	applicable Laws and existing contractual obligations (to the
	extent such contracts and such obligations are specifically
	disclosed in Section 4.05 of the Disclosure Schedule),
	Company and its Subsidiaries will not: (A) enter into any
	transaction or commitment, or dispose of or acquire any
	properties or assets, except purchases and sales of inventory in
	the ordinary course of business consistent with past practices;
	(B) implement any new employee benefit plan, or employment,
	compensatory or severance agreement; (C) amend any existing
	employee benefit plan or employment agreement except as required
	by Law or by this Agreement; or (D) take any action that
	would be

A-26

	reasonably likely to jeopardize the continuance of any material
	supplier or customer relationship, except for efforts to collect
	accounts receivable or efforts to resolve good faith disputes
	regarding accounts payable, in each case, in a manner consistent
	with past practice (E) make any change in the nature of
	their businesses and operations; (F) enter into any
	transaction or agreement with any officer, director or affiliate
	of Company or any of its Subsidiaries; (G) incur or agree
	to incur any obligation or liability (absolute or contingent)
	that individually calls for payment by Company or any of its
	Subsidiaries of more than $250,000 in any specific case in the
	aggregate, excluding transactions in the ordinary course of
	business or as contemplated by Company’s AFE log (as exists
	on the date hereof) and other authorized capital expenditures,
	to the extent disclosed in writing to Parent and Buyer prior to
	the date of this Agreement; (H) make any Tax election or
	make any change in any method or period of accounting or any
	change in any accounting policy, practice or procedure; or
	(I) take, or fail to take, any action that would prevent,
	or would be reasonably likely to prevent, the Merger from
	qualifying for “pooling of interests” accounting
	treatment under the requirements of Opinion No. 16
	(Business Combinations) of the Accounting Principles Board of
	the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, the
	Financial Accounting Standards Board, and the rules and
	regulations of the SEC. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Company
	may, without Parent’s consent, negotiate and settle its
	current dispute with Thayer-Blum Funding II, LLC
	(
“TBFLLC”
) relating to the Stock Purchase
	Agreement dated as of October 10, 2000 between Company and
	TBFLLC concerning the sale by Company of the common stock of
	K*Tec Electronics Corporation, to the extent that the settlement
	thereof does not require payment of any amount by Company to
	TBFLLC.

	(b)  
Charter Documents. 
Company will not amend its
	Articles of Incorporation or By-Laws and will not permit any of
	its Subsidiaries to amend their charter documents or by-laws.

	(c)  
Dividends. 
Company will not declare or pay any
	dividend or make any other distribution in respect of its
	capital stock.

	(d)  
Stock. 
Company will not split, combine or
	reclassify any shares of its capital stock, or issue, redeem or
	acquire (or agree to do so) any of its equity securities,
	options, warrants, or convertible instruments, except
	(i) pursuant to existing obligations under Company Benefit
	Plans or (ii) pursuant to the existing commitments or
	conversion rights listed on Section 2.02 of the Disclosure
	Schedule. Company will not grant any Options.

Section 4.06  
Conduct of Parent
Business
. Parent covenants and agrees that after the date
hereof and prior to the Effective Time (unless Company shall
have agreed in writing):

	(a)  
Ordinary Course. 
Parent will, and will cause
	its Subsidiaries to, operate Parent’s Business only in the
	ordinary course of business consistent with past practices and
	will use its reasonable efforts to (i) preserve its
	existing business organization, insurance coverage, rights,
	licenses or permits, advantageous business relationships,
	agreements and credit facilities; (ii) retain and keep
	available the services of its present officers, employees and
	agents; and (iii) preserve the goodwill of its customers,
	suppliers and others having business relations with it.

	(b)  
Charter Documents. 
Parent will not amend its
	Articles of Incorporation or By-Laws.

	(c)  
Dividends. 
Parent will not declare or pay any
	dividend or make any other distribution in respect of its
	capital stock, other than its regular quarterly cash dividend
	consistent with past practice.

	(d)  
Stock. 
Parent will not split, combine or
	reclassify any shares of its capital stock, or redeem or acquire
	(or agree to do so) any of its equity securities, options,
	warrants, or convertible instruments, except pursuant to
	existing contractual obligations or benefit plans.

Section 4.07  
Publicity.
 Company
and Parent must mutually agree upon the initial press releases
announcing the Merger which shall satisfy the requirements of
Rule 425 under the Securities Act and Rule 14a-12
under the Exchange Act. Thereafter, Company and Parent shall
coordinate all publicity relating to the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and no party shall issue any
press release, publicity statement or other public notice
relating to this Agreement, or the transactions contemplated by
this

A-27

Agreement, without prior consultation with both Company and
Parent, except to the extent that the disclosing party is
advised by its counsel that such action is required by
applicable Laws, and then, if practicable, only after
consultation with the other party.

Section 4.08  
Notification of Defaults
and Adverse Events.
 Company and Parent will promptly notify
each other if, subsequent to the date of this Agreement and
prior to the Effective Date: (i) an event occurs that may
be reasonably likely to result in a Company Material Adverse
Effect or a Parent Material Adverse Effect, respectively, or
(ii) any suit, action or proceeding is instituted or, to
the knowledge of Company or Parent, threatened against or
affecting Company or Parent or any of their respective
Subsidiaries which, if adversely determined, would be reasonably
likely to result in a Company Material Adverse Effect or a
Parent Material Adverse Effect. Each of Company and Parent will
promptly notify the other if it determines it is or will be
unable to comply with any of its obligations under this
Agreement or fulfill any conditions under its control.

Section 4.09  
Satisfy Conditions to
Closing.
 Parent and Company shall each use its reasonable
best efforts to cause all conditions to Closing to be satisfied.

Section 4.10  
Anti-takeover
Statutes.
 If any anti-takeover or similar statute is
applicable to the transactions contemplated hereby, including
but not limited to Part Thirteen of the TBCA, Parent and Company
will grant such approvals and take such actions as are necessary
so that the transactions contemplated hereby may be consummated
as promptly as practicable on the terms contemplated hereby and
otherwise act to eliminate the effects of such anti-takeover or
similar statute on the transactions contemplated hereby.

Section 4.11  
Indemnification;
Insurance.

(a)  
Indemnification.
 At all times after the
Effective Time, Parent and Surviving Corporation shall
indemnify, defend and hold harmless, each present and former
director and officer of Company and each such person’s
personal representative, estate, testator or intestate
successors (the 
“Indemnified Parties”
) against
any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, costs,
expenses, judgments and amounts paid in settlement with the
approval of Parent and Surviving Corporation (which approval
shall not be unreasonably withheld) in connection with any
actual or threatened claim, action, suit, proceeding or
investigation arising out of or pertaining to any action or
omission occurring prior to the Effective Time (including
without limitation, any which arise out of or relate to the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement), whether asserted
or claimed prior to, or on or after, the Effective Time, to the
full extent Company would be permitted under the TBCA or
Company’s Articles of Incorporation or By-Laws in effect as
of the date of this Agreement (to the extent consistent with
applicable law), including, without limitation, provisions
relating to advances of expenses incurred in the defense of any
action or suit, provided that any determination required to be
made with respect to whether an Indemnified Party’s conduct
complies with the standards set forth under Texas law and the
Company’s Articles of Incorporation and By-laws shall be
made by independent counsel appointed by the Surviving
Corporation’s Board of Directors that shall be acceptable
to the Indemnified Party. In addition, Parent and Surviving
Corporation shall pay or reimburse, to the maximum extent
permissible under the TBCA, expenses incurred by an Indemnified
Party in advance of the final disposition of any such action or
proceeding after Parent and Surviving Corporation receive a
written affirmation by the Indemnified Party of his good faith
belief that he has met the standard of conduct necessary for
indemnification under the TBCA and a written undertaking by or
on behalf of such Indemnified Party to repay the amount paid or
reimbursed if it is ultimately determined that indemnification
of the Indemnified Party is prohibited by Article 2.02-1E
of the TBCA. Without limiting the foregoing, in the event any
claim, action, suit, proceeding or investigation is brought
against any Indemnified Party, Parent shall be entitled to
assume the defense of any such action or proceeding. Upon
assumption by Parent of the defense of any such action or
proceeding, the Indemnified Party shall have the right to
participate in such action or proceeding and to retain its own
counsel, but Parent and Surviving Corporation shall not be
liable for any legal fees or expenses subsequently incurred by
the Indemnified Party in connection with the defense thereof
unless Parent and Surviving Corporation have agreed to pay such
fees and expenses, the Indemnified Party shall have been advised
by counsel reasonably acceptable to Parent and Surviving
Corporation that representation of the Indemnified Party by
counsel

A-28

provided by Parent is not possible due to conflicts of interest
between Parent, Buyer or the Surviving Corporation and the
Indemnified Party, or Parent and Surviving Corporation shall
have failed in a timely manner to assume the defense of the
matter Parent shall not be liable for any settlement of any
claim effected without its written consent. Parent and Surviving
Corporation shall not, except with the written consent of the
Indemnified Party, consent to entry of any judgment or enter
into any settlement which does not include as an unconditional
term the release by the claimant or plaintiff of such
Indemnified Party from all further liability in respect of such
claim. Any Indemnified Party wishing to claim indemnification
under this Section 4.11(a), upon learning of any such
claim, action, suit, proceeding or investigation, shall notify
Parent and Surviving Corporation (but the failure so to notify
Parent and Surviving Corporation shall not relieve it from any
liability which it may have under this Section 4.11(a) except to
the extent such failure materially prejudices Parent and
Surviving Corporation). In addition to the foregoing, and
without limiting in any manner the foregoing, after the
Effective Time Parent and Surviving Corporation shall assume the
obligations of Company under the indemnification agreements set
forth in Section 4.04(c), but only to the extent Company
would be permitted under the TBCA to perform its obligations
under such indemnification agreements.

(b)  
Insurance.
 For a period of six (6) years
after the Effective Date, Parent shall cause (or shall cause the
Surviving Corporation) to be maintained officers’ and
directors’ liability insurance covering Company’s
existing officers and directors who are currently covered in
such capacities by Company’s existing officers’ and
directors’ liability insurance policies on terms
substantially no less advantageous to such officers and
directors than such existing insurance.

Section 4.12  
Employee Benefits.

(a)  At the Effective Time, the Surviving Corporation shall
offer all persons who are at the Effective Time employees of
Company and its Subsidiaries benefits under Parent Benefit Plans
which, in the aggregate, are no less favorable to such employees
than those that Parent currently provides to its own employees.
Each Parent Benefit Plan shall give credit for purposes of
eligibility to participate and vesting to employees of Company
and its Subsidiaries for service prior to the Effective Time
with Company and its Subsidiaries (and their predecessors, to
the extent credit for service with such predecessors was given
by Company) to the same extent that such service was recognized
under a comparable Company Benefit Plan.

(b)  Parent hereby agrees that as of the Closing Date
Company may pay to Company employees party to the agreements set
forth in Section 4.12 of the Disclosure Schedule the
payments and other benefits provided thereby regardless of such
employee’s employment status with Company on or after the
date thereof, to the extent and only to the extent specifically
disclosed in Section 4.12 of the Disclosure Schedule.

Section 4.13  
No Solicitation.
 From
and after the date hereof, Company shall not, and shall not
authorize or permit any of its Subsidiaries or Representatives
to, directly or indirectly, solicit or initiate (including by
way of furnishing information) or take any other action to
facilitate knowingly any inquiries or the making of any proposal
which constitutes or may reasonably be expected to lead to an
Acquisition Proposal from any person or entity, or engage in any
discussion or negotiations relating thereto or accept any
Acquisition Proposal; 
provided, however
, that
notwithstanding any other provision hereof, Company may

(a)  comply with Rule 14e-2 under the Exchange Act
with regard to a tender or exchange offer; and

(b)  at any time prior to the Closing:

	(i)  engage in discussions or negotiations with a third
	party who (without any solicitation, initiation, encouragement,
	discussion or negotiation, directly or indirectly, by or with
	Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Representatives after the
	date hereof) seeks to initiate such discussions or negotiations,
	and may furnish such third party nonpublic information
	concerning Company and its business, properties and assets if,
	and only to the extent that:

	(A)  (1) the third party has first made a bona fide
	Acquisition Proposal that the Board of Directors of Company
	believes in good faith (after consultation with its financial
	advisor) is reasonably capable of being completed, taking into
	account all relevant, legal, financial, regulatory and other
	aspects of the Acquisition Proposal and the source of its
	financing, and believes in good faith (after consultation with
	its financial advisor and after considering all of the terms,
	conditions,

A-29

	representations, warranties and covenants which are included in
	such Acquisition Proposal) that such Acquisition Proposal would,
	if consummated, result in a transaction more favorable to the
	shareholders of Company, from a financial point of view, than
	the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and believes in
	good faith (after consultation with its financial advisor) that
	the person making such Acquisition Proposal has, or is
	reasonably likely to have or obtain, any necessary funds or
	customary commitments to provide any funds necessary to
	consummate such Acquisition Proposal (any such Acquisition
	Proposal being referred to in this Agreement as a

“Superior Proposal”
) and
	(2) Company’s Board of Directors shall conclude in
	good faith, after considering applicable provisions of state
	law, that such action may be necessary for the Board of
	Directors to act in a manner consistent with its fiduciary
	duties under applicable law, and

	(B)  forty-eight hours prior to furnishing such information
	to or entering into discussions or negotiations with such person
	or entity, Company (1) provides prompt notice to Parent to
	the effect that it is furnishing information to or entering into
	discussions or negotiations with such person or entity and
	(2) receives from such person or entity an executed
	confidentiality agreement in reasonably customary form on terms
	not materially more favorable to such person or entity than the
	terms contained in the Confidentiality Agreement, or

	(ii)  accept a Superior Proposal from a third party,
	provided that the conditions set forth in clauses
	Section 4.13(b)(i)(A) and Section 4.13(b)(i)(B) above
	have been satisfied and Company complies with and terminates
	this Agreement pursuant to Section 6.01(h).

Company shall immediately cease and terminate any existing
solicitation, initiation, encouragement, activity, discussion or
negotiation with any persons or entities conducted heretofore by
Company or any of its Subsidiaries of Representatives with
respect to the foregoing. The Company shall notify Parent orally
and in writing of any such inquiries, offers or proposals
(including the terms and conditions of any such proposal and the
identity of the person making it) within twenty-four hours of
the receipt thereof, and shall keep Parent informed of the
status and details of any such inquiry, offer, or proposal
except to the extent doing so would constitute a breach of the
fiduciary duties of the Board of Directors.

Section 4.14  
Rights Agreement.

Company shall take all necessary action (including, if required,
redeeming all of the outstanding stock purchase rights or
amending or terminating the Rights Agreement) so that the
entering into of this Agreement and the consummation of the
Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby do not and
will not result in a “Distribution Date” under the
Rights Agreement.

Section 4.15  
Option Vesting.

Except as contractually obligated prior to the date hereof,
Company shall not take any action at any time prior to the
Closing which may serve to accelerate the vesting of any Option
granted by Company.

Section 4.16  
Special Earnings
Announcement.
 Parent shall use its reasonable best efforts
to publish or cause to be published no later than 15 days after
the end of the first month after the Effective Time (which month
may be the month in which the Effective Time occurs) in which
there are at least 30 days of post-Merger combined operations,
combined sales and net income figures contemplated by and in
accordance with the terms of SEC Accounting Release No. 135.

Section 4.17  
Reorganization.

Neither Parent, Buyer nor Company shall take, or fail to take,
any action that would prevent the Merger from qualifying as a
reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the
Code.

A-30

ARTICLE V

CONDITIONS

Section 5.01  
Conditions to Obligations
of Company, Parent and Buyer.
 The respective obligations of
the parties to effect the Merger are subject to the fulfillment
at or prior to the Effective Time of the following conditions
unless waived in writing by all parties:

	(a)  
Approval.
 The shareholders of Company and
	Parent shall have approved this Agreement and the Merger in
	accordance with applicable Laws and the policies of the NYSE.

	(b)  
Approval from Government Entities.
 All
	approvals required by any Governmental Entity and all other
	actions required to effect the Merger and related transactions
	shall have been obtained, except where failure to obtain such
	approval would not be reasonably likely to have a Parent
	Material Adverse Effect or a Company Material Adverse Effect.
	The waiting period under the HSR Act shall have expired, or
	early termination of the waiting period under the HSR Act shall
	have been granted.

	(c)  
Absence of Governmental Litigation.
 Since the
	date of this Agreement, no Governmental Entity shall have
	instituted a proceeding seeking injunctive or other relief in
	connection with the Merger and related transactions. There shall
	not be any judgment, decree, injunction, ruling or order of any
	Governmental Entity that prohibits, restricts, or delays
	consummation of the Merger.

	(d)  
Effectiveness of Registration Statement.
 The
	Registration Statement shall have been declared effective under
	the Securities Act and no stop order suspending the
	effectiveness of the Registration Statement shall have been
	issued with respect thereto.

	(e)  
Tax Opinions.
 Parent shall have received a
	written opinion dated the Effective Date from its counsel,
	Carter, Ledyard & Milburn, and Company shall have received a
	written opinion dated the Effective Date from its counsel, Locke
	Liddell & Sapp LLP, each to the effect that the Merger will
	be treated for federal income tax purposes as a tax-free
	reorganization within the meaning of Code Section 368(a),
	that each of Parent, Buyer and Company will be a party to that
	reorganization within the meaning of Code Section 368(b)
	and that neither Parent, Buyer nor Company will recognize any
	gain on the Merger; provided, however, that if counsel to either
	party does not render such opinion, this condition shall be
	deemed satisfied with respect to such party if counsel to the
	other party renders such opinion to such party. In rendering
	such opinions, counsel may rely upon reasonably requested
	representation letters of Parent, Buyer and Company.

Section 5.02  
Conditions to Obligations
of Parent and Buyer.
 The obligations of Parent and Buyer to
effect the Merger are subject to the fulfillment at or prior to
the Effective Time of the following conditions except to the
extent waived in writing by Parent and Buyer:

	(a)  
Approval.
 All corporate actions necessary to
	authorize the execution, delivery and performance of this
	Agreement and the Merger shall have been duly and validly taken
	by Company, except to the extent that the failure to take such
	corporate actions would not have a Company Material Adverse
	Effect or make execution, delivery or performance of this
	Agreement and the Merger unenforceable or invalid.

	(b)  
Representations and Compliance.
 The
	representations and warranties of Company in this Agreement
	shall be true and correct in all material respects (other than
	representations and warranties that are already so qualified,
	which in each such case shall be true and correct as written) as
	of the date of this Agreement and on the Closing Date with the
	same effect as though made on and as of such date, except that
	representations and warranties which specifically relate to a
	particular date or period shall be true and correct as of such
	date or for such period, and where failure to be so true and
	correct would not (in the aggregate for all representations and
	warranties of Company) have a Company Material Adverse Effect
	(other than representations and warranties that are already so
	qualified, which in each such case shall be true and correct as
	written), and except for any changes contemplated by this
	Agreement; Company shall have complied in all material respects
	(other than covenants that are already so qualified, which in
	each such case shall be complied with as written) with all
	covenants requiring compliance by it prior to the Closing Date,
	except where failure to comply did not, individually or in the
	aggregate, result

A-31

	in a Company Material Adverse Effect or prevent the consummation
	of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; and Buyer
	shall have received an officer’s certificate signed by the
	Chief Executive Officer of Company certifying as to each of the
	foregoing.

	(c)  
No Material Adverse Effect.
 From the date
	hereof, there shall not have occurred any event which has
	resulted or is likely to result in a Company Material Adverse
	Effect.

Section 5.03  
Conditions to Obligations
of Company.
 The obligations of Company to effect the Merger
are subject to the fulfillment at or prior to the Effective Date
of the following conditions unless waived in writing by Company:

	(a)  
Approval.
 All corporate actions necessary to
	authorize the execution, delivery and performance of this
	Agreement and the Merger shall have been duly and validly taken
	by Parent and Buyer, except to the extent that the failure to
	take such corporate actions would not have a Parent Material
	Adverse Effect or make execution, delivery or performance of
	this Agreement and the Merger unenforceable or invalid.

	(b)  
Representations and Compliance.
 The
	representations and warranties of Parent and Buyer in this
	Agreement shall be true and correct in all material respects
	(other than representations and warranties that are already so
	qualified, which in each such case shall be true and correct as
	written) as of the date of this Agreement and on the Closing
	Date with the same effect as though made on and as of such date,
	except that representations and warranties which specifically
	relate to a particular date or period shall be true and correct
	as of such date or for such period, and where failure to be so
	true and correct would not (in the aggregate for all
	representations and warranties of Parent and Buyer) have a
	Parent Material Adverse Effect (other than representations and
	warranties that are already so qualified, which in each such
	case shall be true and correct as written), and except for any
	changes contemplated by this Agreement; Parent and Buyer shall
	have complied in all material respects (other than covenants
	that are already so qualified, which in each such case shall be
	complied with as written) with all covenants requiring
	compliance by it prior to the Closing Date, except where failure
	to comply did not, individually or in the aggregate, result in a
	Parent Material Adverse Effect or prevent the consummation of
	the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; and Company
	shall have received an officer’s certificate signed by the
	Chief Executive Officer of Parent certifying as to each of the
	foregoing.

	(c)  
Listing.
 The Parent Stock distributable in the
	Merger or in connection with the exercise of Options shall have
	been approved upon notice of issuance for listing on the NYSE.

	(d)  
No Material Adverse Effect.
 From the date
	hereof, there shall not have occurred any event which has
	resulted or is likely to result in a Parent Material Adverse
	Effect.

ARTICLE VI

TERMINATION, AMENDMENT AND WAIVER

Section 6.01  
Termination and
Abandonment.
 This Agreement may be terminated and the Merger
may be abandoned at any time prior to the Effective Time,
whether before or after approval by the shareholders of Company
or Parent:

	(a)  by mutual consent of Parent and Company;

	(b)  by either Parent or Company upon written notice to the
	other party if any Governmental Entity of competent jurisdiction
	shall have issued a final nonappealable order denying, enjoining
	or otherwise prohibiting the consummation of any of the
	transactions contemplated by this Agreement;

	(c)  by either Parent or Company if the Merger shall not
	have been consummated on or before September 30, 2001
	unless the failure of the Merger to occur by such date shall be
	due to the failure of the party seeking to terminate this
	Agreement to perform or observe in any material respect the
	covenants and agreements of such party set forth herein;

A-32

	(d)  by either Company or Parent if the requisite vote of
	the shareholders of Company required for the consummation of the
	Merger shall not have been obtained at the Company Shareholders
	Meeting held pursuant to Section 4.04(a);

	(e)  by either Parent or Company if the requisite vote of
	the shareholders of Parent required for the consummation of the
	Merger shall not have been obtained at the Parent Shareholders
	Meeting held pursuant to Section 4.04(a);

	(f)  by Parent, upon written notice to Company, if
	Company’s Board of Directors shall withdraw, modify or
	change its approval or recommendation of this Agreement or the
	Merger in a manner adverse to Parent or shall have resolved to
	do so, Company shall have materially breached its obligations
	under this Agreement by reason of a failure to call the Company
	Shareholders Meeting in accordance with Section 4.04(a) or
	a failure to prepare and mail to its shareholders the Joint
	Proxy Statement/ Prospectus in accordance with
	Section 4.04, Company’s Board of Directors shall have
	approved or recommended any Superior Proposal, or Company’s
	Board of Directors shall redeem or amend the Rights Agreement
	without Parent’s written consent for any reason other than
	(A) pursuant to Section 4.14 hereof or
	(B) following termination of this Agreement pursuant to
	Section 6.01(h) below;

	(g)  by Company, upon written notice to Parent, if
	Parent’s Board of Directors shall withdraw, modify or
	change its approval or recommendation of this Agreement or the
	Merger in a manner adverse to Company or shall have resolved to
	do so, or Parent shall have materially breached its obligations
	under this Agreement by reason of a failure to call the Parent
	Shareholders Meeting in accordance with Section 4.04(a) or
	a failure to prepare and mail to its shareholders the Joint
	Proxy Statement/ Prospectus in accordance with Section 4.04;

	(h)  by Company, prior to the consummation of the
	transactions contemplated hereby, for the purpose of entering
	into an agreement with a Person that has made a Superior
	Proposal; or

	(i)  by either Parent or Company (so long as the
	terminating party has not materially breached any
	representation, warranty, covenant or other agreement contained
	herein in a manner that has or would reasonably likely have a
	Material Adverse Effect with respect to such terminating party)
	if there shall have been a material breach of any of the
	representations, warranties, covenants or agreements or
	obligations set forth in this Agreement on the part of the other
	party which has or would reasonably likely have a Parent
	Material Adverse Effect (if the terminating party is Company) or
	a Company Material Adverse Effect (if the terminating party is
	Parent), or which would reasonably be expected to prevent (or
	materially delay) the consummation of the Merger, which shall
	not have been cured within ten (10) days following receipt
	by the breaching party of written notice of such breach from the
	other party hereto or which breach, by its nature, cannot be
	cured prior to the Effective Time.

Section 6.02  
Effect of Termination and
Termination Fee.
 (a) Except as provided in this
Section 6.02 and Section 7.02, Section 4.01(b),
and Section 4.04(c) hereof, in the event of the termination
of this Agreement and the abandonment of the Merger, this
Agreement shall thereafter become null and void and have no
effect, and no party hereto shall have any liability to any
other party hereto or its shareholders or directors or officers
in respect thereof, and each party shall be responsible for its
own expenses.

(b)  Company shall pay Parent, by wire transfer of
immediately available funds, the sum (to be referred to as the

“Company Termination Fee”
) of:

	(i)  $30,000,000, less any amount paid pursuant to
	subsection (ii) below or Section 6.02(d) below; if
	this Agreement is terminated: (A) by Parent pursuant to
	Section 6.01(f), or (B) by Company pursuant to
	Section 6.01(h) and, within one year of the termination
	date, Company consummates a transaction or series of
	transactions with the Person submitting such Superior Proposal
	(or any Affiliate of such Person) whereby more than 50% of the
	Company Stock or a majority of the assets of Company are
	transferred to such party (or any Affiliate of such party); or
	(C) if, within one year following termination of this
	Agreement by Company pursuant to Section 6.01(c) or
	Section 6.01(d), or by Parent pursuant to
	Section 6.01(i), any Person shall successfully acquire more
	than 50% of the Company Stock, or Company shall enter into a
	written agreement with any Person (other than Parent) that has
	made or in

A-33

	the future makes an Acquisition Proposal and consummates a
	transaction or series of transactions with such Person (or any
	Affiliate of such Person) whereby more than 50% of the Company
	Stock or a majority of the assets of Company are transferred to
	such party (or any Affiliate of such party);

	(ii)  $1,000,000 if either party shall terminate this
	Agreement pursuant to Section 6.01(d);

Company shall pay the Company Termination Fee on the business
day immediately following the event causing such Company
Termination Fee to be payable. If Company fails to pay all
amounts due to Parent on the dates specified, then Company shall
pay all costs and expenses (including legal fees and expenses)
incurred by Parent in connection with any action or proceeding
(including the filing of any lawsuit) taken by it to collect
such unpaid amounts, together with interest on such unpaid
amounts at the prime lending rate prevailing at such time, as
published in the Wall Street Journal, from the date such amounts
were required to be paid until the date actually received by
Parent.

(c)  Parent shall pay Company, by wire transfer of
immediately available funds, the sum (such sum to be referred to
as the 
“Parent Termination Fee”
) of:

	(i)  $30,000,000 if Company shall terminate this Agreement
	pursuant to Section 6.01(g), less any amount paid pursuant
	to subsection (ii) below or Section 6.02(d) below;

	(ii)  $1,000,000 if either party shall terminate this
	Agreement pursuant to Section 6.01(e).

Parent shall pay such Parent Termination Fee on the business day
immediately following the event causing such Parent Termination
Fee to be payable. If Parent fails to pay all amounts due to
Company on the dates specified, then Parent shall pay all costs
and expenses (including legal fees and expenses) incurred by
Company in connection with any action or proceeding (including
the filing of any lawsuit) taken by it to collect such unpaid
amounts, together with interest on such unpaid amounts at the
prime lending rate prevailing at such time, as published in the
Wall Street Journal, from the date such amounts were required to
be paid until the date actually received by Company.

(d)  In the event of the termination of this Agreement by
either Parent or Company as provided in Section 6.01(i),
the aggrieved party may exercise any and all rights or remedies
available at law or in equity for Parent Losses or Company
Losses, as applicable, and damages (including, without
limitation, expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement
and the transactions contemplated hereby).

Section 6.03  
Amendment.
 This
Agreement may be amended by the parties hereto at any time
before or after approval hereof by the shareholders of Company
and Parent, but, after any such approval, no amendment shall be
made which would under the TBCA require the approval of the
shareholders of Company or Parent, respectively, without such
further approval of such shareholders. This Agreement may not be
amended except by an instrument in writing signed on behalf of
each of the parties hereto.

Section 6.04  
Extension; Waiver.
 At
any time prior to the Effective Date, the parties hereto may
(a) extend the time for the performance of any of the
obligations or other acts of the other parties hereto,
(b) waive any inaccuracies in the representations and
warranties contained herein or in any document delivered
pursuant hereto and (c) waive compliance with any of the
agreements or conditions contained herein. Any agreement on the
part of a party hereto to any such extension or waiver shall be
valid if set forth in an instrument in writing signed on behalf
of such party.

A-34

ARTICLE VII

MISCELLANEOUS

Section 7.01  
Termination of
Representations and Warranties.
 The representations and
warranties of each party will terminate at the Effective Time.

Section 7.02  
Expenses.
 Subject to
Section 6.02(d), each party will pay its own expenses
relating to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated
hereby.

Section 7.03  
Notices.
 All notices
and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall
be deemed given if delivered in person, sent by registered or
certified mail (return receipt requested), or telecopied to the
parties at the following addresses (or at such other address for
a party as shall be specified by like notice):

(a)

	if to Parent or Buyer:

	Avnet, Inc.

	2211 South 47th Street

	Phoenix, Arizona 85034

	Attention: David R. Birk, Esq.

	Telecopy: 480-643-7929

	with a copy to:

	Carter, Ledyard & Milburn

	2 Wall Street

	New York, New York 10005

	Attention: James E. Abbott, Esq.

	Telecopy: 212-732-3232

(b)

	if to Company:

	Kent Electronics Corporation

	7433 Harwin Drive

	Houston, Texas 77036

	Attention: Larry D. Olson

	Telecopy: 713-978-5800

	with a copy to:

	Locke Liddell & Sapp LLP

	3400 Chase Tower

	600 Travis

	Houston, Texas 77002-3095

	Attention: Gene G. Lewis, Esq.

	Telecopy: 713-223-3717

Section 7.04  
Further Assurances.

Parent, Buyer and Company each agree to execute and deliver such
other documents, certificates, agreements and other writings and
to take such other actions as may be reasonably necessary or
desirable in order to expeditiously consummate or implement the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

Section 7.05  
Specific Performance.

(a)  If all of the conditions to Closing set forth in
Section 5.01 and Section 5.02 shall have been
satisfied (or if permitted, waived in writing) and Parent or
Buyer shall have breached or violated its obligations under
Article I of this Agreement (a 
“Parent
Article I Breach”
), the parties hereto acknowledge
and agree that money damages or other remedy at law would not be
sufficient or adequate remedy for any Parent Article I
Breach and that in addition to all other remedies available to
Company, Company shall be entitled to the

A-35

fullest extent permitted by law to an injunction restraining
such Parent Article I Breach and to any other legal or
equitable relief, including, without limitation, specific
performance, without bond or other security being required.

(b)  If all of the conditions to Closing set forth in
Section 5.01 and Section 5.03 shall have been
satisfied (or if permitted, waived in writing) and Company shall
have breached or violated its obligations under Article I
of this Agreement (a 
“Company Article I
Breach”
), the parties hereto acknowledge and agree that
money damages or other remedy at law would not be sufficient or
adequate remedy for any Company Article I Breach and that
in addition to all other remedies available to Parent and Buyer,
Parent and Buyer shall be entitled to the fullest extent
permitted by law to an injunction restraining such Company
Article I Breach and to any other legal or equitable
relief, including, without limitation, specific performance,
without bond or other security being required.

Section 7.06  
Assignability.

Neither this Agreement nor any rights or obligations under it
are assignable.

Section 7.07  
Governing Law.
 This
Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of Texas
without regard to conflict of law principles.

Section 7.08  
Interpretation.

Headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes
only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or
interpretation of this Agreement.

Section 7.09  
Counterparts.
 This
Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of
which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together
shall constitute one and the same instrument.

Section 7.10  
Integration.
 This
Agreement and the Schedules hereto constitute the entire
agreement and supersede all prior agreements and understandings
(excluding the Confidentiality Agreement which shall remain in
full force and effect without any amendment or modification
thereto), both written and oral, among the parties with respect
to the subject matter hereof.

Section 7.11  
Survival.
 The
provisions of Section 6.02, and Articles VII and VIII
hereof shall survive termination of this Agreement.

ARTICLE VIII

DEFINITIONS

Section 8.01  
Definitions.
 For all
purposes of this Agreement, except as otherwise expressly
provided or unless the context otherwise requires: (a) the
terms defined in this Article VIII have the meaning
assigned to them in this Article VIII and include the
plural as well as the singular; (b) all accounting terms
not otherwise defined herein have the meanings assigned under
GAAP; (c) all references in this Agreement to designated

“Articles,” “Sections” 
and other
subdivisions are to the designated Articles, Sections and other
subdivisions of the body of this Agreement; (d) pronouns of
either gender or neuter shall include, as appropriate, the other
pronoun forms; and (e) the words 
“herein,”
“hereof” 
and 
“hereunder” 
and
other words of similar import refer to this Agreement as whole
and not to any particular Article, Section nor other subdivision.

As used in this Agreement and the Schedules delivered pursuant
to this Agreement, the following definitions shall apply.

“Acquisition Proposal” 
means any proposal or
offer from any Person relating to any direct or indirect
acquisition or purchase of all or a substantial part of the
assets of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or of over 15%
of any class or series of equity securities of the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries, any tender offer or exchange offer that
if consummated would result in any Person beneficially owning
15% or more of any class or series of equity securities of
Company or any of its Subsidiaries, any merger, consolidation,
business combination, sale of all or substantially all of the
assets, recapitalization, liquidation, dissolution or similar
transaction involving Company or any of its Subsidiaries, other
than the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

A-36

“Articles of Merger” 
has the meaning set forth
in Section 1.03.

“Buyer” 
has the meaning set forth in the first
paragraph hereof.

“Canceled Shares” 
has the meaning set forth in
Section 1.08(b).

“Closing” 
has the meaning set forth in
Section 1.02
.

“Closing Date” 
has the meaning set forth in
Section 1.02.

“Code” 
means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986,
as amended, and the regulations thereunder.

“Company” 
has the meaning set forth in the
first paragraph hereof.

“Company Affiliates” 
has the meaning set forth
in Section 1.11.

“Company Benefit Plans” 
has the meaning set
forth in Section 2.11(a).

“Company’s Business” 
means the business of
Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.

“Company Common Stock” 
has the meaning set
forth in the second Recital hereto.

“Company ERISA Affiliate” 
has the meaning set
forth in Section 2.11(a).

“Company ERISA Plans” 
has the meaning set forth
in Section 2.11(a).

“Company Losses” 
has the meaning set forth in
Section 2.04.

“Company Material Adverse Effect” 
means any
change or effect that is materially adverse to the business,
financial condition, results of operations, or properties of
Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, 
provided,
however
, that none of the following shall be deemed (either
individually or in the aggregate) to constitute, and none of the
following shall be taken into account in determining whether
there has been or will be, a Company Material Adverse Effect:

	(a)  any matter disclosed in the Disclosure Schedule to
	this Agreement with sufficient specificity to indicate the
	nature, size and scope of such change or effect;

	(b)  any failure by Company to meet internal projections or
	forecasts or published revenue or earnings predictions; or

	(c)  any adverse change or effect (including any
	litigation, loss of employees, cancellation of or delay in
	customer orders, reduction in revenues or income or disruption
	of business relationships) arising from or attributable to
	(i) the announcement or pendency of the transactions
	contemplated by this Agreement, to the extent such adverse
	change or effect is proven to be attributable primarily to such
	announcement or the pendency of such transactions,
	(ii) conditions generally affecting the industry sectors in
	which Company or any of its Subsidiaries participates, the U.S.
	economy as a whole or any foreign economy in any location where
	Company or any of its Subsidiaries has material operations or
	sales, (iii) legal, accounting or investment banking fees
	or expenses incurred in connection with the transactions
	contemplated by this Agreement, as set forth in
	Section 2.22 of the Disclosure Schedule,
	(iv) compliance with the terms of, or the taking of any
	action required by, this Agreement, (v) the payment of any
	amounts due to, or the provision of any other benefits to, any
	officers or employees under employment contracts,
	non-competition agreements, employee benefit plans, severance
	arrangements or other arrangements in existence as of the date
	of this Agreement, to the extent disclosed specifically in the
	Disclosure Schedules hereto, (vi) the taking of any action
	approved or consented to in writing by Parent or Buyer,
	(vii) any change in accounting requirements or principles
	or any change in applicable Laws or the interpretations thereof,
	or (viii) any required repurchase of Company’s
	Convertible Notes.

“Company SEC Filings” 
has the meaning set forth
in Section 2.06(d).

“Company Shareholders’ Approval” 
has the
meaning set forth in Section 2.03.

“Company Shareholders Meeting” 
has the meaning
set forth in Section 4.04(a).

A-37

“Company Shares” 
has the meaning set forth in
Section 1.08.

“Company Termination Fee”
 has the meaning set
forth in Section 6.02(b)

“Confidentiality Agreement” 
means the
confidentiality agreement dated as of March 1, 2001 by and
between Company and Parent.

“Contract” 
means any agreement, arrangement,
bond, commitment, franchise, indemnity, indenture, instrument,
lease, license or understanding, whether or not in writing.

“Conversion Ratio” 
has the meaning set forth in
Section 1.08(a).

“Effective Date” 
has the meaning set forth in
Section 1.03.

“Effective Time” 
has the meaning set forth in
Section 1.03.

“Environmental Laws” 
means, local, state and
federal statutes, orders, rules, ordinances, regulations, codes
and other requirements of any Governmental Entity and all
applicable judicial or administrative interpretations thereof
relating to pollution or protection of human health or the
environment, including, without limitation, laws relating to
exposures, emissions, discharges, releases or threatened
releases of Hazardous Substances (as hereinafter defined) into
or on land, ambient air, surface water, groundwater, personal
property or structures (including the protection, cleanup,
removal, remediation or damage thereof), or otherwise related to
the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment,
storage, disposal, transport, generation, discharge or handling
of Hazardous Substances.

“ERISA” 
means the Employee Retirement Income
Security Act of 1974, as amended.

“Exchange Act” 
means the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended.

“Exchange Agent” 
has the meaning set forth in
Section 1.09(a).

“GAAP” 
means United States generally accepted
accounting principles.

“Governmental Entity” 
means any governmental
agency, district, bureau, board, commission, court, department,
official political subdivision, tribunal or other
instrumentality of any government, whether federal, state or
local, domestic or foreign.

“Hazardous Substances” 
means substances that
are defined or listed in, or otherwise classified pursuant to,
any applicable Laws, including, without limitation, CERCLA and
RCRA, as 
“hazardous substances,” “hazardous
materials,” “hazardous wastes” 
or

“toxic substances,” 
or any other formulation
intended to define, list or classify substances by reason of
deleterious properties such as, without limitation,
ignitability, corrosivity, reactivity, radioactivity,
carcinogenicity, reproductive toxicity or 
“EP
toxicity,” 
and petroleum and drilling fluids, produced
waters and other wastes associated with the exploration,
development, or production of crude oil, natural gas or
geothermal energy, and lead, asbestos or polychlorinated
biphenyls.

“HSR Act” 
means the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust
Improvements Act of 1976, as amended.

“Indemnified Parties” 
has the meaning set forth
in Section 4.11(a).

“Indemnifying Party” 
has the meaning set forth
in Section 4.04(c).

“Inducement Agreement” 
has the meaning set
forth in the recitals.

“IRS” 
means the Internal Revenue Service.

“Knowledge” or “knowledge” or
“known” 
— Parent and Company shall be
deemed to have “knowledge” of or to have
“known” a particular fact or other matter if either
the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer or, in
the case of Company, Messrs. Abramson, Hightower or Zerbe,
or, in the case of Parent, Messrs. Birk, Church or DeLuca
has actual knowledge of such fact or other matter after due
inquiry, or would have had such knowledge if he or she had made
due inquiry.

A-38

“Laws” 
means any constitutional provision,
statute, ordinance, or other law, code, common law, rule,
regulation or interpretation of any Governmental Entity and any
decree, injunction, judgment, award, order, ruling, assessment
or writ.

“Material Contract” 
has the meaning set forth
in Section 2.09.

“Merger” 
has the meaning set forth in
Section 1.01.

“Merger Consideration” 
means the Parent Stock
into which Company Shares are converted pursuant to the Merger,
and cash payable in lieu of fractional shares of Parent Stock,
if any, pursuant to Section 1.09(e).

“NYSE” 
means the New York Stock Exchange.

“Option Plans” 
has the meaning set forth in
Section 2.02.

“Options” 
has the meaning set forth in
Section 2.02.

“Parent Benefit Plans” 
means collectively, all
employee benefit plans, programs and commitments that Parent
makes generally available to its employees and their
beneficiaries, providing benefits in the nature of pension,
retirement, severance, stock purchase, health, medical, life,
disability, sick leave, vacation, or other welfare or fringe
benefits, including, without limitation, all employee benefit
plans (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) and fringe
benefit plans (as defined in Code Section 6039D).

“Parent’s Business” 
means the business of
Parent and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.

“Parent Losses” 
has the meaning set forth in
Section 3.04.

“Parent Material Adverse Effect” 
means any
change or effect that is materially adverse to the business,
financial condition or results of operations of Parent and its
Subsidiaries taken as a whole; 
provided, however
, that
none of the following shall be deemed (either individually or in
the aggregate) to constitute, and none of the following shall be
taken into account in determining whether there has been or will
be, a Parent Material Adverse Effect:

	(a)  any matter disclosed in the Disclosure Schedule to
	this Agreement with sufficient specificity to indicate the
	nature, size and scope of such change or effect;

	(b)  any failure by Parent to meet internal projections or
	forecasts or published revenue or earnings predictions; or

	(c)  any adverse change or effect (including any
	litigation, loss of employees, cancellation of or delay in
	customer orders, reduction in revenues or income or disruption
	of business relationships) arising from or attributable to
	(i) the announcement or pendency of the transactions
	contemplated by this Agreement, to the extent such adverse
	change or effect is proven to be attributable primarily to such
	announcement or the pendency of such transactions,
	(ii) conditions generally affecting the industry sectors in
	which Parent or any of its Subsidiaries participates, the U.S.
	economy as a whole or any foreign economy in any location where
	Parent or any of its Subsidiaries has material operations or
	sales (iii) legal, accounting, or investment banking fees
	or expenses incurred in connection with the transactions
	contemplated by this Agreement, (iv) compliance with the
	terms of, or the taking of any action required by, this
	Agreement, (v) any change in accounting requirements or
	principles or any change in applicable Laws or the
	interpretations thereof, (vi) the taking of any action
	approved or consented to in writing by Company.

“Parent SEC Filings” 
has the meaning set forth
in Section 3.07(c).

“Parent Shareholders’ Approval” 
has the
meaning set forth in Section 3.03.

“Parent Shareholders Meeting” 
has the meaning
set forth in Section 4.04.

“Parent Stock” 
has the meaning set forth in
Section 1.08(a).

“Parent Termination Fee”
 has the meaning set
forth in Section 6.02(c).

A-39

“Person” 
means any individual, partnership,
joint venture, corporation, bank, trust, unincorporated
organization, Governmental Entity or other entity.

“Proxy Statement/ Prospectus” 
has the meaning
set forth in Section 4.04(b)

“Qualified Plan” 
has the meaning set forth in
Section 2.11(b).

“Registration Statement” 
has the meaning set
forth in Section 4.04(b).

“Representatives” 
means a Person’s or any
of its Subsidiaries” officers, directors, employees,
consultants, investment bankers, accountants, attorneys and
other advisors, representatives and agents.

“Rights Agreement” 
has the meaning set forth in
Section 2.02(a).

“Securities Act” 
means the Securities Act of
1933, as amended.

“SEC” 
means the Securities and Exchange
Commission.

“Superior Proposal” 
has the meaning set forth
in Section 4.13.

“Surviving Corporation” 
has the meaning set
forth in Section 1.01.

“Tax” 
or 
“Taxes” 
means any
foreign, federal, state, county or local income, sales, use,
excise, franchise, ad valorem, real and personal property,
transfer, gross receipt, stamp, premium, profits, customs,
duties, windfall profits, capital stock, production, business
and occupation, disability, employment, payroll, severance or
withholding taxes, fees, assessments or charges of any kind
whatever imposed by any Governmental Entity, and interest and
penalties (civil or criminal), additions to tax, payments in
lieu of taxes or additional amounts related thereto or to the
nonpayment thereof.

“Tax Return” 
means a declaration, statement,
report, return, claim for refund, or other document or
information required to be filed or supplied with respect to
Taxes, including, where permitted or required, combined or
consolidated returns for any group of entities that includes
Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and including any schedule
or attachment thereto, and any amendment thereof.

“Termination Fee” 
shall mean either a Parent
Termination Fee or a Company Termination Fee.

A-40

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have duly executed this
Agreement as of the date first written above.

	AVNET, INC

By: 

	/s/ RAYMOND SADOWSKI

	Name:  Raymond Sadowski

Title: 

	Chief Financial Officer and

	Senior Vice President

	ALPHA ACQUISITION CORP

By: 

	/s/ RAYMOND SADOWSKI

	Name:  Raymond Sadowski

Title: 

	President

	KENT ELECTRONICS CORPORATION

By: 

	/s/ LARRY D. OLSON

	Name:  Larry D. Olson

Title: 

	President and Chief Executive Officer

A-41

Appendix B

STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT

STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT, dated as of March 21, 2001 (this
“Agreement”), between Avnet, Inc., a New York
corporation (“Parent”), Alpha Acquisition Corp., a
Texas corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of Parent
(“Acquisition”) and Kent Electronics Corporation, a
Texas corporation (the “Company”).

WHEREAS, Parent, Acquisition, and Company propose to enter into
an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of the date hereof
(the “Merger Agreement”; terms not defined herein
shall have the meanings set forth in the Merger Agreement),
which provides, among other things, that Acquisition will merge
with and into Company pursuant to the terms of the merger
provided for in the Merger Agreement (the “Merger”);
and

WHEREAS, as a condition to the willingness of Parent and
Acquisition to enter into the Merger Agreement, Parent and
Acquisition have required that Company agree, and in order to
induce Parent and Acquisition to enter into the Merger Agreement
Company has agreed, to grant Parent an option to purchase
2,863,474 shares of common stock, without par value, of Company
(“Company Common Stock”), in accordance with the terms
of this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual
covenants and agreements contained herein and in the Merger
Agreement, and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties
hereto hereby agree as follows:

ARTICLE I

THE STOCK OPTION

Section 1.01  
Grant of Stock
Option.
 Company hereby grants to Parent an irrevocable
option (the “Stock Option”) to purchase up to
2,863,474 shares of Company Common Stock (the “Option
Shares”) at a purchase price of $22.48 per Option Share
(the “Purchase Price”).

Section 1.02  
Exercise of Stock
Option.
 (a) Subject to the conditions set forth in
Section 1.03, the Stock Option may be exercised by Parent,
in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time after the
occurrence of an Exercise Event (as defined below) and prior to
the Termination Date (as defined below).

(b)  An 
“Exercise Event” 
shall
occur for purposes of this Agreement upon the occurrence of any
of the following events or circumstances:

	(i)  from the date hereof through the date on which the
	Merger Agreement is terminated for any reason by any party
	thereto, any Person unaffiliated with Parent or Company publicly
	announces an intention to acquire more than a majority of the
	outstanding Company Common Stock;

	(ii)  termination of the Merger Agreement by Company
	pursuant to Section 6.01(h) thereof or by Parent pursuant
	to Section 6.01(f) thereof; or

	(iii)  within one year following termination of the Merger
	Agreement by Company pursuant to Section 6.01(c) or
	Section 6.01(d) thereof, or by Parent pursuant to
	Section 6.01(i) thereof, any Person (other than Parent or
	any Affiliate of Parent) shall successfully acquire more than
	50% of the Company Stock, or Company shall enter into a written
	agreement with any Person (other than Parent) that has made or
	in the future makes an Acquisition Proposal and consummates a
	transaction or series of transactions with such Person (or any
	Affiliate of such Person) whereby more than a majority of the
	Company Stock or a majority of the assets of Company are
	transferred to such Person (or Affiliate thereof).

B-1

(c)  The 
“Termination Date” 
shall
occur for purposes of this Agreement upon the first to occur of
any of the following:

	(i)  the Effective Time;

	(ii)  the termination of the Merger Agreement in accordance
	with its terms, so long as, in the case of this
	clause (ii), an Exercise Event has not occurred and could
	not occur in the future; or

	(iii)  the date which is 180 days after the occurrence
	of an Exercise Event; or

	(iv)  the date on which Parent’s Total Recovery equals
	$40,000,000.

(d)  In the event Parent wishes to exercise the Stock
Option, Parent shall send a written notice (an “Exercise
Notice”) to Company specifying the total number of Option
Shares Parent wishes to purchase, the denominations of the
certificate or certificates evidencing such Option Shares which
Parent wishes to receive, a date for the closing of such
purchase (a “Closing Date”), which shall be at least
five business days (as defined in the Merger Agreement) after
delivery of such notice, and a place for the Closing and, if
Parent intends to pay the Purchase Price for such Option Shares
with a Note (as defined below) pursuant to clause (b) of
the second sentence of Section 1.04, the names of at least
three investment banks of recognized national standing, none of
which have a material relationship with Parent, acceptable to
Parent for the purpose of determining the interest rate of such
Note pursuant to Section 1.04 if Parent and Company are
unable to agree on such interest rate. In the event that the
interest rate is not determined on or prior to the date
specified for the Closing, the Closing shall occur on the first
business day following determination of the interest rate.

(e)  Upon receipt of an Exercise Notice, Company shall be
obligated to deliver to Parent a certificate or certificates
evidencing the number of Option Shares specified therein, in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement, on the later of
(i) the date specified in such Exercise Notice and
(ii) the first business day on which the conditions
specified in Section 1.03 shall be satisfied.

Section 1.03  
Conditions to Delivery of
Option Shares.
 The obligation of Company to deliver Option
Shares upon any exercise of the Stock Option is subject to the
following conditions:

	(a)  Such delivery would not in any material respect
	violate, or otherwise cause the material violation of,
	Sections 312.00 through 312.07 of the New York Stock
	Exchange Listed Company Manual or any material applicable law,
	including, without limitation, the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust
	Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, and the rules and
	regulations thereunder (the “HSR Act”); and

	(b)  There shall be no preliminary or permanent injunction
	or other order by any court of competent jurisdiction preventing
	or prohibiting such exercise of the Stock Option or the delivery
	of the Option Shares in respect of such exercise.

Section 1.04  
Closings.
 At each
Closing, Company will deliver to Parent a certificate or
certificates evidencing the number of Option Shares specified in
the applicable Exercise Notice (in the denominations specified
therein), and Parent will purchase each such Option Share from
Company at the Purchase Price. All payments made by Parent to
Company pursuant to this Section 1.04 shall be made, at the
option of Parent, either (a) by wire transfer of
immediately available funds in the amount of the aggregate
Purchase Price for the Option Shares, or (b) by delivery to
Company of (x) a certified or bank check or checks payable
to or on the order of Company in an amount not less than the
aggregate par value of the Option Shares to be purchased at the
applicable Closing and (y) a senior subordinated note of
Parent, issued under substantially the same form of indenture as
the form filed as an exhibit to Parent’s Current Report on
Form 8-K bearing cover date of October 12, 2000, in a
principal amount equal to the aggregate Purchase Price less the
amount paid by check or wire transfer pursuant to clause
(a) of this Section 1.04, with a maturity of seven
years from the date of issuance and covenants substantially the
same as those of Parent’s currently outstanding publicly
held 8.20% Notes due 2003 and bearing an interest rate agreed to
by Parent and Company as an interest rate intended to cause the
Note to trade, at the time of issuance, at a price equal to its
principal amount (a “Note”: all such Notes being,
collectively, the “Notes”). If Parent and Company are
unable to agree on such an interest rate within two business
days after delivery of the Exercise Notice, Company shall, not
later than the close of business on the third business day after
delivery of the Exercise Notice, select one investment bank from
the

B-2

list of investment banks included in such Exercise Notice, which
investment bank shall, not later than the opening of business on
the fifth business day after delivery of such Exercise Notice,
determine the interest rate for the Note which such investment
bank believes, in its sole judgment, would cause the Note to
trade, at the time of issuance, at a price equal to its
principal amount. The determination by such investment bank
shall be final, binding and conclusive on Parent and Company.
The fees and expenses of such investment bank shall be borne
equally by Parent and Company.

Section 1.05  
Adjustments Upon Share
Issuances, Changes in Capitalization, etc.
 (a) In the
event of any change in Company Common Stock or in the number of
outstanding shares of Company Common Stock by reason of a stock
dividend, split-up, recapitalization, combination, exchange of
shares or similar transaction or any other change in the
corporate or capital structure of Company (including, without
limitation, the declaration or payment of an extraordinary
dividend of cash, securities or other property), the type and
number of shares or securities to be issued by Company upon
exercise of the Stock Option shall be adjusted appropriately,
and proper provision shall be made in the agreements governing
such transaction, so that Parent shall receive upon exercise of
the Stock Option the number and class of shares or other
securities or property that Parent would have received in
respect of Company Common Stock if the Stock Option had been
exercised immediately prior to such event, or the record date
therefor, as applicable and elected to the fullest extent it
would have been permitted to elect, to receive such securities,
cash or other property.

(b)  In the event that Company shall enter into an
agreement (i) to consolidate with or merge into any person,
other than Parent or one of its subsidiaries, and shall not be
the continuing or surviving corporation of such consolidation or
merger, (ii) to permit any person, other than Parent or one
of its subsidiaries, to merge into Company and Company shall be
the continuing or surviving corporation, but, in connection with
such merger, the then outstanding shares of Company Common Stock
shall be changed into or exchanged for stock or other securities
of Company or any other person or cash or any other property or
the outstanding shares of Company Common Stock shall after such
merger represent less than 66% of the outstanding shares and
share equivalents of the surviving corporation or (iii) to
sell or otherwise transfer all or substantially all of its
assets to any person, other than Parent or one of its
subsidiaries, then, and in each such case, proper provision
shall be made in the agreements governing such transaction so
that Parent shall receive upon exercise of the Stock Option the
number and class of shares or other securities or property that
Parent would have received in respect of Company Common Stock if
the Stock Option had been exercised immediately prior to such
transaction, or the record date therefor, as applicable and
elected to the fullest extent it would have been permitted to
elect, to receive such securities, cash or other property.

(c)  The provisions of this Agreement, including, without
limitation, Section 1.01, Section 1.02,
Section 1.04, Section 3.02 and Section 3.03,
shall apply with appropriate adjustments to any securities for
which the Stock Option becomes exercisable pursuant to this
Section 1.05.

ARTICLE II

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF COMPANY

Company hereby represents and warrants to Parent and Acquisition
as follows:

Section  2.01  
Authority Relative to
this Agreement.
 Company has all necessary power and
authority to execute and deliver this Agreement, to perform its
obligations hereunder and to consummate the transactions
contemplated hereby. The execution and delivery of this
Agreement by Company and the consummation by Company of the
transactions contemplated hereby have been duly and validly
authorized by the Board of Directors of Company, and no other
corporate proceedings on the part of Company are necessary to
authorize this Agreement or to consummate such transactions.
This Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered
by Company and, assuming the due authorization, execution and
delivery by Parent and Acquisition, constitutes a legal, valid
and binding obligation of Company, enforceable against Company
in accordance with its terms. The grant of the Stock Option
hereunder is exempt from Section 16(b) under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 by virtue of Rule 16b-3(d) thereunder.

B-3

Section 2.02  
Authority to Issue
Shares.
 Company has taken all necessary corporate action to
authorize and reserve and permit it to issue, and at all times
from the date hereof through the Termination Date shall have
reserved, all the Option Shares issuable pursuant to this
Agreement, and Company will take all necessary corporate action
to authorize and reserve and permit it to issue all additional
shares of Company Common Stock or other securities which may be
issued pursuant to Section 1.05, all of which, upon their
issuance and delivery in accordance with the terms of this
Agreement, shall be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid
and nonassessable, shall be delivered free and clear of all
security interests, liens, claims, pledges, options, rights of
first refusal, agreements, limitations on Parent’s voting
rights, charges and other encumbrances of any nature whatsoever
(other than this Agreement) and shall not be subject to any
preemptive rights.

Section 2.03  
Consents; No
Conflict.
 The execution and delivery of this Agreement by
Company do not, and the performance of this Agreement by Company
will not, (i) require any consent, approval, authorization
or permit of, or filing with or notification to (other than
pursuant to the HSR Act or foreign competition, antitrust or
investment law, if applicable) any governmental or regulatory
authority, domestic or foreign, (ii) conflict with or
violate the Articles of Incorporation or by-laws or equivalent
organizational documents of Company or any of its Subsidiaries,
(iii) conflict with or violate any law, rule, regulation,
order, judgment or decree applicable to Company or any of its
Subsidiaries or by which any property or asset of Company or any
of its Subsidiaries is bound or affected, or (iv) result in
any breach of or constitute a default (or an event which with
notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under,
or give to others any right of termination, amendment,
acceleration or cancellation of, or result in the creation of a
lien or other encumbrance of any nature whatsoever on any
property or asset of Company or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant
to, any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, contract, agreement,
lease, license, permit, franchise or other instrument or
obligation to which Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a
party or by which Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any
property or asset of Company or any of its Subsidiaries is bound
or affected, except, in the case of clauses (i),
(iii) and (iv), for any such conflicts, violations,
breaches, defaults or other occurrences which would not in any
material respect prevent or delay the exercise by Parent of the
Stock Option or any other right of Parent under this Agreement.

ARTICLE III

COVENANTS OF COMPANY

Section 3.01  
Listing; Other
Action.
 (a) Company shall, at its expense, use
reasonable best efforts to cause the Option Shares to be
approved for listing on the New York Stock Exchange, upon
official notice of issuance, as promptly as practicable
following the date of this Agreement, and will provide prompt
notice to the New York Stock Exchange of the issuance of each
Option Share, unless the delivery of the Option Shares can be
satisfied with shares of Company Common Stock held in treasury
by Company.

(b)  Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to take,
or cause to be taken, all appropriate action, and to do, or
cause to be done, all things necessary, proper or advisable
under applicable laws and regulations to consummate and make
effective the transactions contemplated hereunder, including,
without limitation, using its reasonable best efforts to obtain
all licenses, permits, consents, approvals, authorizations,
qualifications and orders of Governmental Entities. Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, Company shall when
required in order to effect the transactions contemplated
hereunder make all filings and submissions under the HSR as
promptly as practicable.

(c)  Company shall not take any action in order to
intentionally cause the exercise of the Stock Option to violate
Section 312.00 through 312.07 of the New York Stock
Exchange Listed Company Manual.

Section 3.02  
Registration.
 Upon
the request of Parent at any time and from time to time within
two years of the last Closing, Company agrees (i) to
effect, as promptly as practicable, but in each instance no more
than 60 days after its receipt of such a request, up to two
registrations under the Securities Act covering any part or all
(as may be requested by Parent) of the Option Shares or other
securities that have been acquired by or are issuable to Parent
upon exercise of the Stock Option (provided that the anticipated

B-4

aggregate sales price of such securities is at least
$5,000,000), and to use its best efforts to qualify such Option
Shares or other securities under any applicable state securities
laws and (ii) to include, at Parent’s request, any
part or all of the Option Shares or such other securities in any
registration statement filed by Company under the Securities Act
in which such inclusion is permitted under applicable rules and
regulations, and to use its best efforts to keep each such
registration described in clauses (i) and
(ii) effective for a period of not less than twelve months.
If the managing underwriter of a proposed underwritten offering
of securities by Company described in clause (ii) shall
advise Company in writing that, in the reasonable opinion of the
managing underwriter, the distribution of the Option Shares
requested by Parent to be included in a registration statement
concurrently with securities being registered for sale by
Company would adversely affect the distribution of such
securities by Company, then Company shall either
(i) include such Option Shares in the registration
statement, but Parent shall agree to delay the offering and sale
for such period of time as the managing underwriter may
reasonably request (provided that Parent may at any time
withdraw its request to include Option Shares in such offering)
or (ii) include such portion of the Option Shares in the
registration statement as the managing underwriter advises may
be so included for sale simultaneously with sales by Company,
provided, that at Company’s discretion, Company may reduce
the number of Option Shares to be included in such offering only
to the extent that such Option Shares will not constitute more
than 25% of the Shares of Company Common Stock to be included in
such offering. The registrations effected under this
Section 3.02 shall be effected at Company’s expense
except for any underwriting discounts and commissions allocable
to the Option Shares and the fees and disbursements of
Parent’s counsel. Company shall indemnify and hold harmless
Parent, its affiliates and controlling persons and their
respective officers, directors, agents and representatives from
and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and
expenses (including, without limitation, all out-of-pocket
expenses, investigation expenses, expenses incurred with respect
to any judgment and fees and disbursements of counsel and
accountants) arising out of or based upon any statements
contained in, or omissions or alleged omissions from, each
registration statement (and related prospectus) filed pursuant
to this Section 3.02 provided, however, that Company shall
not be liable in any such case to Parent or any affiliate or
controlling person of Parent or any of their respective
officers, directors, agents or representatives to the extent
that any such loss, claim, damage, liability (or action or
proceeding in respect thereof) or expense arises out of or is
based upon an untrue statement or omission or alleged omission
made in such registration statement or prospectus in reliance
upon, and in conformity with, written information furnished to
Company specifically for use in the preparation thereof by
Parent, such affiliate, controlling person, officer, director,
agent or representative, as the case may be.

(b)  For a period not exceeding an aggregate of 60 trading
days in any 12 month period, Company may suspend the ability of
Parent to make dispositions under a registration statement or
prospectus by providing Parent with written notification (a
“Blocking Notice”) if Company’s Board of
Directors determines in its good faith judgment that
Company’s obligation to ensure that such registration
statement and prospectus contain current and complete
information would require Company to make a public disclosure
regarding a material non-public transaction, provided, that
Company shall not be entitled to deliver a Blocking Notice
within 10 trading days of the expiration of any Blocking Notice
previously delivered. Each Blocking Notice shall contain a
general statement of the reasons for such postponement and an
approximation of the anticipated delay. Parent agrees that, upon
receipt of a Blocking Notice from Company, Parent shall not
dispose of, sell or offer for sale the Option Shares pursuant to
the registration statement until Parent receives (i) copies
of the supplemented or amended prospectus, or until counsel for
Company shall have determined that such disclosure is not
required due to subsequent events, (ii) notice in writing
from Company that the use of the prospectus may be resumed and
(iii) copies of any additional or supplemental filings that
are incorporated by reference in the prospectus.
(c) Whenever Parent shall have requested that any Option
Shares be registered pursuant to this Section 3.02, the
Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to effect
the registration and the sale of such Option Shares in
accordance with this Section 3.02 and, to that end, will as
expeditiously as reasonably practicable (i) prepare and
file with the Securities and Exchange Commission a registration
statement with respect to the Option Shares (and required
amendments and supplements to such registration statement),
(ii) enter into customary agreements in connection
therewith (including underwriting agreements in customary form),
(iii) obtain a cold comfort letter from the Company’s
independent public accountants in customary form and covering
customary matters, (iv) provide a customary legal opinion
of the

B-5

Company’s outside counsel, and (v) take all such other
actions reasonably necessary to perform its obligations under
this Section 3.02.

Section 3.03  
Repurchase of Option.

(a) For a period of 30 days after the earlier of the
consummation of, or the execution of an agreement providing for,
a Superior Proposal involving Company (a “Put Event”),
but in no event later than 180 days following an Exercise
Event, Parent shall have the right, upon five business
days’ prior written notice to Company (or any successor in
interest to Company by merger, sale of all or substantially all
of the assets, or otherwise) (the “Put Notice”), to
cause Company (or any such successor in interest) to have a
closing and to pay at such closing (and Company and such
successor, jointly and severally, shall be obligated to pay) to
Parent in consideration for the cancellation of the Stock
Option, an aggregate cancellation price (the “Cancellation
Price”) equal to the product of (x) the number of
Option Shares as to which the Stock Option remains exercisable
multiplied by (y) the excess of (i) the average per
share closing price of a share of Company Common Stock as quoted
on the New York Stock Exchange (or if not then quoted thereon,
on such other exchange or quotation system on which Company
Common Stock is quoted) for the period of five trading days
ending on the trading day immediately prior to the occurrence of
the Put Event over (ii) the Purchase Price.

(b)  At any closing contemplated by the Put Notice, Company
shall pay to Parent the Cancellation Price for the number of
Option Shares as to which the Stock Option is to be canceled
either by (i) delivering to Parent a certified or bank
check payable to or on the order of Parent in an amount equal to
the Cancellation Price (ii) wire transfer of immediately
available funds, or (iii) (A) canceling an aggregate
amount, up to the amount of the Purchase Price (including,
without limitation, accrued and unpaid interest), then owing to
Company under the Note or Notes delivered by Parent to Company
in connection with the exercise by Parent of the Stock Option
and (B) delivering to Parent a certified or bank check
payable to or on the order of Parent in an amount equal to the
excess, if any, of the Cancellation Price over the amount of
indebtedness canceled under clause (A) (including, without
limitation, accrued and unpaid interest) evidenced by such Note
or Notes.

ARTICLE IV

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PARENT

Parent hereby represents and warrants to Company as follows:

Section 4.01  
Authority Relative to
this Agreement.
 Parent has all necessary power and authority
to execute, and deliver this Agreement, to perform its
obligations hereunder and to consummate the transactions
contemplated hereby. The execution and delivery of this
Agreement by Parent and the consummation by Parent of the
transactions contemplated hereby have been duly and validly
authorized by the Board of Directors of Parent, and no other
corporate proceedings on the part of Parent are necessary to
authorize this Agreement or to consummate such transactions.
This Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered
by Parent and, assuming the due authorization, execution and
delivery by Company, constitutes a legal, valid and binding
obligation of Parent, enforceable against Parent in accordance
with its terms.

Section 4.02  
Consents; No
Conflict.
 The execution and delivery of this Agreement by
Parent does not, the performance of this Agreement by Parent
will not, and the issuance of the Note by Parent will not at the
time of issuance, (i) require any consent, approval,
authorization or permit of, or filing with or notification to
(other than pursuant to the HSR Act or foreign competition,
antitrust or investment law, if applicable) any governmental or
regulatory authority, domestic or foreign, (ii) conflict
with or violate the certificate of incorporation or by-laws of
Parent, (iii) conflict with or violate any law, rule,
regulation, order, judgment or decree applicable to Parent or by
which any property or asset of Parent is bound or affected, or
(iv) result in any breach of or constitute a default (or an
event which with notice or lapse of time or both would become a
default) under, or give to others any right of termination,
amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, or result in the
creation of a lien or other encumbrance of any nature whatsoever
on any property or asset of Parent pursuant to, any note, bond,
mortgage, indenture, contract, agreement, lease, license,
permit, franchise or other instrument or obligation to which
Parent is a party or by which Parent or any property or asset of
Parent

B-6

is bound or affected, except, in the case of clauses (i), (iii)
and (iv), for any such conflicts, violations, breaches, defaults
or other occurrences which would not in any material respect
prevent or delay the exercise by Company of any right of Company
under this Agreement and would not have a Parent Material
Adverse Effect.

ARTICLE V

COVENANTS OF PARENT

Parent hereby covenants and agrees as follows:

Section 5.01  
Distribution.
 Parent
shall acquire the Option Shares for investment purposes only and
not with a view to any distribution thereof in violation of the
Securities Act, and shall not sell any Option Shares purchased
pursuant to this Agreement except in compliance with the
Securities Act.

Section 5.02  
Notes and
Registration.
 (a)  Any Note delivered pursuant to
Section 1.04 shall be duly and validly authorized, executed
and delivered by Parent shall constitute a legal, valid and
binding obligation of Parent, enforceable against Parent in
accordance with its terms.

(b)  Upon the request of Company at any time and from time
to time within three years of the first Closing, Parent agrees
(i) to effect, as promptly as practicable, up to two
registrations under the Securities Act covering any part or all
(as may be requested by Company) of the Notes, and to use its
best efforts to qualify such Notes under any applicable state
securities laws and (ii) to cause to be included any part
or all of the Notes in any registration statement for debt
securities filed by Parent under the Securities Act in which
such inclusion is permitted under applicable rules and
regulations, and to use its best efforts to cause to keep each
such registration described in clauses (i) and
(ii) effective for a period of not less than six months.
Parent shall give Company at least 15 days’ advance
written notice of Parent’s anticipated filing of a
registration statement described in clause (ii) of the
preceding sentence. If the managing underwriter of a proposed
offering of securities by Parent shall advise Parent in writing
that, in the reasonable opinion of the managing underwriter, the
distribution of the Notes requested by Company to be included in
a registration statement concurrently with securities being
registered for sale by Parent would adversely affect the
distribution of such securities by Parent, then Parent shall
either (i) include such Notes in the registration
statement, but Company shall agree to delay the offering and
sale for such period of time as the managing underwriter may
reasonably request (provided that Company may at any time
withdraw its request to include Notes in such offering) or
(ii) include such portion of the Notes in the registration
statement as the managing underwriter advises may be so included
for sale simultaneously with sales by Parent. The registrations
effected under this paragraph (c) shall be effected at
Parent’s expense except for underwriting commissions
allocable to the Notes and the fees and disbursements of
Company’s counsel. Parent shall indemnify and hold harmless
Company, its affiliates and controlling persons and their
respective officers, directors, agents and representatives from
and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and
expenses (including, without limitation, all out-of-pocket
expenses, investigation expenses, expenses incurred with respect
to any judgment and fees and disbursements of counsel and
accountants) arising out of or based upon any statements
contained in, or omissions or alleged omissions from, each
registration statement (and related prospectus) filed pursuant
to this paragraph (c); 
provided, however
, that
Parent shall not be liable in any such case to Company or any
affiliate or controlling person of Company or any of their
respective officers, directors, agents or representatives to the
extent that any such loss, claim, damage, liability (or action
or proceeding in respect thereof) or expense arises out of or is
based upon an untrue statement or omission or alleged omission
made in such registration statement or prospectus in reliance
upon, and in conformity with, written information furnished to
Parent with respect to it specifically for use in the
preparation thereof by Company, such affiliate, controlling
person, officer, director, agent or representative, as the case
may be.

(c)  Whenever Company shall have requested that any Notes
be registered pursuant to this Section 5.02 Parent will use
its commercially reasonable efforts to effect the registration
and the sale of such Notes in accordance with this
Section 5.02 and, to that end, will as expeditiously as
reasonably practicable (i) prepare and file with the
Securities and Exchange Commission a registration statement with
respect to the Notes (and

B-7

required amendments and supplements to such registration
statement), (ii) enter into customary agreements in
connection therewith (including underwriting agreements in
customary form), (iii) obtain a cold comfort letter from
Parent’s independent public accountants in customary form
and covering customary matters, (iv) provide a customary
legal opinion of the Parent’s outside counsel, and
(v) take all such other actions reasonably necessary to
perform its obligations under this Section 5.02

ARTICLE VI

PARENT RECOVERY

Section 6.01  
Limitation of Parent
Recovery.
 (a)  Notwithstanding any other provision
herein or in the Merger Agreement, in no event shall
Parent’s Total Recovery (as defined below) exceed $40
million (the “Maximum Recovery”), and, if it otherwise
would exceed such amount, Parent, at its sole discretion, shall
either (i) reduce the number of shares subject to the Stock
Option, (ii) deliver to Company for cancellation shares of
Company Common Stock (or other securities into which such Option
Shares are converted or exchanged), (iii) pay cash to
Company, (iv) reduce the amount of the Cancellation Price
or (v) any combination of the foregoing, so that
Parent’s actually realized Total Recovery shall not exceed
the Maximum Recovery after taking into account the foregoing
actions. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement,
the Stock Option may not be exercised for a number of shares as
would, as of the date of exercise, result in a Notional Total
Recovery (as defined below) of more than the Maximum Recovery
and, if exercise of the Stock Option would otherwise result in
the Notional Total Recovery exceeding such amount, Parent, in
its discretion, may take any of the actions specified in this
Section 6.01(a) so that the Notional Total Recovery shall
not exceed the Maximum Recovery; provided, that nothing in this
sentence shall restrict any subsequent exercise of the Stock
Option which at such time complies with this sentence.

(b)  For purposes of this Agreement, “Total
Recovery” shall mean: (i) the aggregate amount (before
taxes) of (A) the excess of (x) the net cash amounts
or fair market value of any property received by Parent pursuant
to a sale of Option Shares (or securities into which such shares
are converted or exchanged), other than to a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Parent, after payment of applicable brokerage or
sales commissions and discounts, over (y) Parent’s
aggregate Purchase Price for such Option Shares (or other
securities), plus (B) all amounts received by Parent upon
the repurchase of the Stock Option by Company pursuant to
Section 3.03 hereof, plus (C) all amounts theretofore
received by Parent pursuant to Section 6.02 of the Merger
Agreement, minus (ii) (A) all amounts of cash previously
paid to Company pursuant to Section 6.01(a), plus
(B) the value of the Option Shares (or other securities)
previously delivered to Company for cancellation pursuant to
Section 6.01(a), which value shall be deemed to be the
aggregate Purchase Price paid for such Option Shares (or other
securities). For purposes of this Agreement, “Notional
Total Recovery” with respect to any number of shares as to
which Parent may propose to exercise the Stock Option shall be
the Total Recovery, determined as of the date of such proposed
exercise assuming that the Stock Option were exercised on such
date for such number of shares, and assuming that such shares,
together with all other Option Shares held by Parent and its
affiliates as of such date, were sold for cash at the closing
market price for the Company Common Stock as of the close of
business on the preceding trading day (less customary brokerage
discounts and commissions). For purposes of this Section 6.01,
transactions by a subsidiary transferee of Parent in respect of
the Stock Option or Option Shares transferred to it shall be
treated as if made by Parent.

(c)  Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement,
nothing in this Agreement shall affect the ability of Parent to
receive, nor relieve Company’s obligation to pay, any
payment provided for in Section 6.02 of the Merger
Agreement; provided, that if and to the extent the Total
Recovery received by Parent would exceed the Maximum Recovery
following receipt of such payment, Parent shall be obligated to
comply with the terms of Section 6.01(a) on the date on
which Parent has realized cash and/or property representing
Total Recovery in excess of Maximum Recovery.

B-8

ARTICLE VII

MISCELLANEOUS

Section 7.01  
Expenses.
 Except as
otherwise provided herein or in the Merger Agreement, all costs
and expenses incurred in connection with the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement shall be paid by the party
incurring such expenses.

Section 7.02  
Further Assurances.

Company and Acquisition will execute and deliver all such
further documents and instruments and take all such further
action as may be necessary in order to consummate the
transactions contemplated hereby.

Section 7.03  
Specific Performance.

The parties hereto agree that irreparable damage would occur in
the event any provision of this Agreement was not performed in
accordance with the terms hereof and that the parties shall be
entitled to specific performance of the terms hereof, in
addition to any other remedy at law or in equity.

Section 7.04  
Entire Agreement.

This Agreement, the Merger Agreement (together with the
Exhibits, the Company Disclosure Schedule, the Parent Disclosure
Schedule and the other executed documents delivered pursuant
thereto) and the Confidentiality Agreement constitute the entire
agreement between the parties with respect to the matters
provided for herein, and supersedes all prior agreements and
understandings, both written and oral, between the parties, or
any of them, with respect to the subject matter hereof.

Section 7.05  
Assignment.
 This
Agreement shall not be assigned by operation of law or
otherwise, except that Parent may assign all or any of its
rights and obligations hereunder to any wholly-owned subsidiary
of Parent, provided that no such assignment shall relieve Parent
of its obligations hereunder if such assignee does not perform
such obligations.

Section 7.06 
Parties in Interest. 
This
Agreement shall be binding upon and inure solely to the benefit
of each party hereto and their successors and permitted assigns.
Nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to or
shall confer upon any other person any right, benefit or remedy
of any nature whatsoever under or by reason of this Agreement.

Section 7.07 
Amendment; Waiver. 
This
Agreement may not be amended except by an instrument in writing
signed by the parties hereto. Either Company or Parent may
(i) extend the time for the performance of any obligation
or other act of the other, (ii) waive any inaccuracy in the
representations and warranties of the other contained herein or
in any document delivered by the other pursuant hereto and
(iii) waive compliance with any agreement or condition
contained herein. Any such extension or waiver shall be valid if
set forth in an instrument in writing signed by the party or
parties to be bound thereby.

Section 7.08 
Severability. 
If any term or
other provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal or
incapable of being enforced by any rule of law or public policy,
all other conditions and provisions of this Agreement shall
nevertheless remain in full force and effect so long as the
economic or legal substance of the transactions contemplated
hereby is not affected in any manner materially adverse to any
party. Upon such determination that any term or other provision
is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced, the parties
hereto shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so
as to effect the original intent of the parties as closely as
possible to, the fullest extent permitted by applicable law in
an acceptable manner to the end that the transactions
contemplated hereby are fulfilled to the extent possible.

Section 7.09 
Notices. 
All notices and other
communications given or made pursuant hereto shall be in writing
and shall be deemed to have been duly given or made as of the
date delivered, mailed on transmitted, and shall be effective
upon receipt, if delivered personally, mailed by registered or
certified mail (postage prepaid, return receipt requested) to
the respective parties at their addresses as specified in the
Merger Agreement or sent by electronic transmission to the
respective parties at their telecopier numbers as specified in
the Merger Agreement.

B-9

Section 7.10 
Governing Law. 
This Agreement
shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws
of the State of Texas regardless of the laws that might
otherwise govern under applicable principles of conflicts of law.

Section 7.11 
Headings. 
The headings contained
in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not
affect in anyway the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.

Section 7.12 
Counterparts. 
This Agreement may
be executed in one or more counterparts, and by the different,
parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when
executed shall be deemed to be an original but all of which
taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement.

[Signature Page Follows]

B-10

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Parent, Acquisition and Company have caused
this Agreement to be executed as of the date first written above
by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized.

	AVNET, INC.

By: 

	/s/ RAYMOND SADOWSKI

	Name: Raymond Sadowski

Title:

	Chief Financial Officer and

	Senior Vice President

	ALPHA ACQUISITION CORP.

By: 

	/s/ RAYMOND SADOWSKI

	Name: Raymond Sadowski

Title:

	President

	KENT ELECTRONICS CORPORATION

By: 

	/s/ LARRY D. OLSON

	Name: Larry D. Olson

Title:

	President and Chief Executive Officer

B-11

Appendix C-1

INDUCEMENT AGREEMENT

This Inducement Agreement (the 
“Agreement”
),
dated as of March 21, 2001, by and between Avnet, Inc., a
New York corporation (
“Parent”
), and Morrie
Abramson (
“Stockholder”
).

W I T N E S S E T H

WHEREAS, Stockholder, as of the date hereof, has sole or shared
voting power with respect to the number of shares of common
stock, without par value (the 
“Company Common
Stock”
) of Kent Electronics Corporation, a Texas
corporation (
“Company”
) set forth on
Schedule A attached hereto (together with any shares of
Common Stock acquired by Stockholder after the date hereof, the
“Company Shares”);

WHEREAS, in reliance upon the execution and delivery of this
Agreement, Parent and Alpha Acquisition Corp., a Texas
corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent
(
“Acquisition”
), will enter into an Agreement
and Plan of Merger dated as of the date hereof (the

“Merger Agreement”
) with Company, pursuant to
which, among other things, Acquisition will be merged with and
into Company (the “Merger”), and Company will become a
wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent, on the terms and subject to
the conditions contained in the Merger Agreement; and

WHEREAS, in order to induce Acquisition and Parent to enter into
the Merger Agreement and to incur the obligations set forth
therein, Stockholder is granting an irrevocable proxy to Parent
to vote his Company Shares in favor of the Merger and is making
certain agreements with respect to his Company Shares.

NOW THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the foregoing and the
mutual promises contained herein, and upon and subject to the
terms and conditions set forth below, the parties hereto agree
as follows:

Section 1. 
Grant of Irrevocable Proxy
.
Stockholder hereby irrevocably appoints and constitutes Parent
or any designee of Parent, with full power of substitution, the
lawful agent, attorney and proxy of Stockholder (each an

“Irrevocable Proxy”
) during the term of this
Agreement to vote in its sole discretion all of the shares of
Company Common Stock of which Stockholder is or becomes the
beneficial owner with voting power for the following
purposes: (i) to call one or more meetings of the
stockholders of Company in accordance with the by-laws of
Company and applicable law for the purpose of considering a
proposal to approve the Merger Agreement and the transactions
contemplated thereby; (ii) to vote for approval of the
Merger Agreement at any stockholders’ meetings of Company
held to consider the Merger Agreement (whether annual or special
and whether or not an adjourned meeting); (iii) to vote
against any other proposal for any recapitalization, merger,
sale of assets or other business combination between Company and
any other person or entity other than Parent or Acquisition, or
the taking of any action which would result in any of the
conditions to the obligations of Parent, Acquisition or Company
under the Merger Agreement not being fulfilled; and (iv) to
vote as otherwise necessary or appropriate to enable Acquisition
to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Merger
Agreement and, in connection with such purposes, to otherwise
act with respect to the Company Shares which Stockholder is
entitled to vote. THIS IRREVOCABLE PROXY HAS BEEN GIVEN IN
CONSIDERATION OF THE UNDERTAKINGS OF PARENT AND ACQUISITION IN
THE MERGER AGREEMENT AND SHALL BE IRREVOCABLE AND COUPLED WITH
AN INTEREST UNTIL THE IRREVOCABLE PROXY TERMINATION DATE AS
DEFINED IN SECTION 2 HEREOF. This Agreement shall revoke
all other proxies granted by Stockholder with respect to his
Company Shares.

Section 2. 
Irrevocable Proxy Termination
Date
. This Irrevocable Proxy shall expire on the earlier to
occur of the Effective Time (as defined in the Merger Agreement)
of the Merger or the termination of the Merger Agreement in
accordance with its terms (in either case, the

“Irrevocable Proxy Termination Date”
).

C-1

Section 3. 
Covenants of the Stockholder
.
Stockholder covenants and agrees for the benefit of Parent that,
until the Irrevocable Proxy Termination Date, he will not:

	(a)  other than as expressly contemplated by this
	Agreement, grant any powers of attorney or proxies or consents
	in respect of any shares of Company Common Stock, deposit any of
	such shares into a voting trust, enter into a voting agreement
	with respect to any of such shares or otherwise restrict or take
	any action adversely affecting the ability of Stockholder freely
	to exercise all voting rights with respect thereto; or

	(b)  except as expressly permitted by the Merger Agreement,
	directly or indirectly through his agents and representatives,
	initiate, solicit or encourage, any inquiries or the making or
	implementation of any Acquisition Proposal (as defined in the
	Merger Agreement), or engage in any negotiations concerning, or
	provide any confidential information or data to, or have any
	discussions with, any person relating to an Acquisition
	Proposal, or otherwise facilitate any effort or attempt to make
	or implementation Acquisition Proposal; and, except as expressly
	permitted by the Merger Agreement, Stockholder shall
	(i) immediately cease and cause to be terminated any
	existing activities, including discussions or negotiations with
	any parties conducted heretofore with respect to any of the
	foregoing and will take the necessary steps to inform his or her
	agents and representatives of the obligations undertaken in this
	Section 3(b), and (ii) notify Parent promptly if any
	such inquiries or proposals are received by him, any such
	information is requested from him, or any such negotiations or
	discussions are sought to be initiated or continued with him.

Section 4. 
Covenants of Parent
. Parent
covenants and agrees for the benefit of Stockholder that
(a) immediately upon execution of this Agreement, Parent
shall enter into the Merger Agreement, and (b) until the
Irrevocable Proxy Termination Date, it shall use all reasonable
efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all action, and do, or
cause to be done, all things necessary or advisable in order to
consummate and make effective the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement and the Merger Agreement, consistent with the
terms and conditions of each such agreement; provided, however,
that nothing in this Section 4 or any other provision of
this Agreement is intended, nor shall it be construed, to limit
or in any way restrict Parent’s right or ability to
exercise any of its rights under the Merger Agreement.

Section 5. 
Representations and Warranties of
Stockholder
. Stockholder represents and warrants to Parent
that:

	(a)  the execution, delivery and performance by Stockholder
	of this Agreement will not conflict with, require a consent,
	waiver or approval under, or result in a breach or default
	under, any of the terms of any contract, commitment or other
	obligation (written or oral) to which Stockholder is bound;

	(b)  Stockholder has full right, power and authority to
	enter into and execute this Agreement and to perform his
	obligations hereunder;

	(c)  this Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by
	Stockholder and constitutes a legal, valid and binding
	obligation of Stockholder enforceable against him in accordance
	with its terms;

	(d)  as of the date hereof, Stockholder is the beneficial
	owner with the right to vote the number of Company Shares set
	forth on Schedule A attached hereto and made a part hereof,
	and such Shares represent all shares of Company Common Stock of
	or with respect to which Stockholder is the beneficial owner
	with the right to vote at the date hereof;

	(e)  except for the Company Shares listed on
	Schedule A hereto, Stockholder does not have any right to
	acquire, nor is her or she the “beneficial owner” (as
	such term is defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Securities
	Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) of, with the right to vote,
	any other shares of any class of capital stock of Company or any
	securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for
	any shares of any class of capital stock of Company (other than
	shares issuable upon exercise of employee stock options granted
	by Company and previously disclosed to Parent); and

	(f)  Stockholder’s Company Shares are duly authorized,
	validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable shares of Company
	Common Stock, and Stockholder owns all of his Company Shares
	free and clear of all

C-2

	liens, claims, pledges, charges, proxies, restrictions,
	encumbrances, proxies and voting agreements or any nature
	whatsoever (each, an “Encumbrance”) other than as
	provided by this Agreement, and good and valid title to his
	Company Shares, free and clear of any Encumbrance (other than
	Encumbrances that will not prohibit Stockholder from complying
	with the terms of this Agreement).

The representations and warranties contained herein shall be
made as of the date hereof and as of the Effective Time of the
Merger, provided that nothing herein shall prevent Stockholder
from selling, transferring or otherwise disposing of any of his
Company Shares set forth on Schedule A.

Section 6.  
Representations and
Warranties of Parent. 
Parent represents and warrants to
Stockholder that:

	(a)  It has all requisite power and authority to enter into
	and perform all of its obligations under this Agreement; and

	(b)  The execution, delivery and performance of this
	Agreement by it, and all transactions contemplated hereby, have
	been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on its
	part, and this Agreement constitutes the legal, valid and
	binding contract of Parent enforceable against it in accordance
	with its terms.

The representations and warranties contained herein shall be
made as of the date hereof and as of the Effective Time of the
Merger.

Section 7.  
Adjustments; Additional
Shares.
 In the event (a) of any stock dividend, stock
split, merger (other than the Merger), recapitalization,
reclassification, combination, exchange of shares or the like of
the capital stock of Company on, of or affecting the Company
Common Stock or (b) that Stockholder shall become the owner
of, or otherwise obtain the right to vote with respect to, any
additional shares of Company Common Stock or other securities
entitling the holder thereof to vote or give consent with
respect to the matters set forth in Section 1 hereof, then
the terms of this Agreement with respect to the Irrevocable
Proxy shall apply to the shares of capital stock or other
instruments or documents that Stockholder owns or has the right
to vote immediately following the effectiveness or the events
described in clause (a) or Stockholder becoming the owner
of or obtaining the right to vote with respect to any Common
Stock or other securities as described in clause (b), as though,
in either case, they were Company Shares hereunder.

Section 8.  
Specific Performance.

The parties hereto agree that the Company Shares are unique
and that money damages are an inadequate remedy for breach of
this Agreement because of the difficulty of ascertaining the
amount of damage that will be suffered by Parent in the event
that this Agreement is breached. Therefore, Stockholder agrees
that in addition to and not in lieu of any other remedies
available to Parent at law or in equity, Parent may obtain
specific performance of this Agreement.

Section 9.  
Assignment.

Parent’s rights and obligations under this Agreement may
not be assigned without the consent of Stockholder, except that
Parent may assign the same to any direct or indirect
wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent upon delivery of written
notice of such assignment to Stockholder.

Section 10.  
Amendments.
 Amendment
or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or consent to
departure therefrom shall not be effective unless in writing and
signed by Parent and Stockholder, in the case of an amendment,
or by the party which is the beneficiary of any such provision,
in the case of a waiver or a consent to depart therefrom.

Section 11.  
Notices.
 Any notices
or other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall
be deemed to have bee duly given (and shall be deemed to have
been duly received if so given) if personally

C-3

delivered or sent by telecopier or three business days after
being sent by registered or certified mail, postage paid,
addressed to the respective parties as follows:

	(a)

	If to Parent:

	Avnet, Inc.

	2211 South 47th Street

	Phoenix, Arizona 85034

	Attention: David R. Birk, Esq.

	Telecopier No.:480-643-7929

	with a copy to:

	Carter, Ledyard & Milburn

	2 Wall Street

	New York, New York 10005

	Attention: James E. Abbott, Esq.

	Telecopier No.: 212-732-3232

	(b)

	If to Stockholder:

	To the address listed on the signature page hereof

	with a copy to:

	Locke Liddell & Sapp LLP

	3400 Chase Tower

	600 Travis

	Houston, Texas 77002-3095

	Attention: Gene G. Lewis, Esq.

	Telecopy: 713-223-3717

or to such other address as either party may have furnished to
the other in writing in accordance herewith, except that notices
of change of address shall only be effective upon receipt.

Section 12.  
Governing Law.
 This
Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with
the internal substantive laws of the State of Texas, without
regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof.

Section 13.  
Binding Effect.
 This
Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the
parties hereto and their respective successors, personal
representatives, executors, heirs and permitted assigns.

Section 14.  
Headings.
 The Section
headings herein are for convenience of reference only and shall
not affect the construction hereof.

Section 15.  
Counterparts.
 This
Agreement may be executed in several counterparts, each of which
shall be an original, but all of which together shall constitute
one and the same Agreement.

[Signature Page Follows]

C-4

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Parent and Stockholder have duly executed
this Agreement as of the date and year first above written.

	AVNET, INC.

By: 

	/s/ RAYMOND SADOWSKI

	Name: Raymond Sadowski

Title: 

	Chief Financial Officer and

	Senior Vice President

	/s/ MORRIE ABRAMSON

	Name: Morrie Abramson

Address: 

	7433 Harvin Drive

	Houston, Texas 77036

C-5

Schedule A

Number of Shares

424,150

C-6

Appendix C-2

INDUCEMENT AGREEMENT

This Inducement Agreement (the 
“Agreement”
),
dated as of March 21, 2001, by and among Avnet, Inc., a New
York corporation (
“Parent”
), and the
stockholders listed on the signature page hereof (each such
stockholder being referred to herein as a

“Stockholder”
 and, collectively with each other
Stockholder, the 
“Stockholders”
).

W I T N E S S E T H

WHEREAS, each Stockholder, as of the date hereof, has sole or
shared voting power with respect to the number of shares of
common stock, without par value (the 
“Company Common
Stock”
) of Kent Electronics Corporation, a Texas
corporation (
“Company”
) set forth on
Schedule A attached hereto (together with any shares of
Common Stock acquired by a Stockholder after the date hereof,
the “Company Shares”);

WHEREAS, in reliance upon the execution and delivery of this
Agreement, Parent and Alpha Acquisition Corp., a Texas
corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent
(
“Acquisition”
), will enter into an Agreement
and Plan of Merger dated as of the date hereof (the

“Merger Agreement”
) with Company, pursuant to
which, among other things, Acquisition will be merged with and
into Company (the “Merger”), and Company will become a
wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent, on the terms and subject to
the conditions contained in the Merger Agreement; and

WHEREAS, in order to induce Acquisition and Parent to enter into
the Merger Agreement and to incur the obligations set forth
therein, each Stockholder is granting an irrevocable proxy to
Parent to vote his Company Shares in favor of the Merger and is
making certain agreements with respect to his Company Shares.

NOW THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the foregoing and the
mutual promises contained herein, and upon and subject to the
terms and conditions set forth below, the parties hereto agree
as follows:

Section 1.  
Grant of Irrevocable
Proxy.
 Each Stockholder hereby irrevocably appoints and
constitutes Parent or any designee of Parent, with full power of
substitution, the lawful agent, attorney and proxy of the
Stockholder (each an 
“Irrevocable Proxy”
)
during the term of this Agreement to vote in its sole discretion
all of the shares of Company Common Stock of which such
Stockholder is or becomes the beneficial owner with voting power
for the following purposes: (i) to call one or more
meetings of the stockholders of Company in accordance with the
by-laws of Company and applicable law for the purpose of
considering a proposal to approve the Merger Agreement and the
transactions contemplated thereby; (ii) to vote for
approval of the Merger Agreement at any stockholders’
meetings of Company held to consider the Merger Agreement
(whether annual or special and whether or not an adjourned
meeting); (iii) to vote against any other proposal for any
recapitalization, merger, sale of assets or other business
combination between Company and any other person or entity other
than Parent or Acquisition, or the taking of any action which
would result in any of the conditions to the obligations of
Parent, Acquisition or Company under the Merger Agreement not
being fulfilled; and (iv) to vote as otherwise necessary or
appropriate to enable Acquisition to consummate the transactions
contemplated by the Merger Agreement and, in connection with
such purposes, to otherwise act with respect to the Company
Shares which the Stockholder is entitled to vote. THIS
IRREVOCABLE PROXY HAS BEEN GIVEN IN CONSIDERATION OF THE
UNDERTAKINGS OF PARENT AND ACQUISITION IN THE MERGER AGREEMENT
AND SHALL BE IRREVOCABLE AND COUPLED WITH AN INTEREST UNTIL THE
IRREVOCABLE PROXY TERMINATION DATE AS DEFINED IN SECTION 2
HEREOF. This Agreement shall revoke all other proxies granted by
the Stockholders with respect to their Company Shares.

Section 2.  
Irrevocable Proxy
Termination Date.
 This Irrevocable Proxy shall expire on the
earlier to occur of the Effective Time (as defined in the Merger
Agreement) of the Merger or the termination of the Merger
Agreement in accordance with its terms (in either case, the

“Irrevocable Proxy Termination Date”
).

C-7

Section 3.  
Covenants of the
Stockholders.
 Each Stockholder covenants and agrees for the
benefit of Parent that, until the Irrevocable Proxy Termination
Date, he will not:

	(a)  other than as expressly contemplated by this
	Agreement, grant any powers of attorney or proxies or consents
	in respect of any shares of Company Common Stock, deposit any of
	such shares into a voting trust, enter into a voting agreement
	with respect to any of such shares or otherwise restrict or take
	any action adversely affecting the ability of such Stockholder
	freely to exercise all voting rights with respect thereto; or

	(b)  except as expressly permitted by the Merger Agreement,
	directly or indirectly through his agents and representatives,
	initiate, solicit or encourage, any inquiries or the making or
	implementation of any Acquisition Proposal (as defined in the
	Merger Agreement), or engage in any negotiations concerning, or
	provide any confidential information or data to, or have any
	discussions with, any person relating to an Acquisition
	Proposal, or otherwise facilitate any effort or attempt to make
	or implementation Acquisition Proposal; and, except as expressly
	permitted by the Merger Agreement, such Stockholder shall
	(i) immediately cease and cause to be terminated any
	existing activities, including discussions or negotiations with
	any parties conducted heretofore with respect to any of the
	foregoing and will take the necessary steps to inform his or her
	agents and representatives of the obligations undertaken in this
	Section 3(b), and (ii) notify Parent promptly if any
	such inquiries or proposals are received by him, any such
	information is requested from him, or any such negotiations or
	discussions are sought to be initiated or continued with him.

Section 4.  
Covenants of Parent.

Parent covenants and agrees for the benefit of the Stockholders
that (a) immediately upon execution of this Agreement,
Parent shall enter into the Merger Agreement, and (b) until
the Irrevocable Proxy Termination Date, it shall use all
reasonable efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all action,
and do, or cause to be done, all things necessary or advisable
in order to consummate and make effective the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and the Merger Agreement,
consistent with the terms and conditions of each such agreement;
provided, however, that nothing in this Section 4 or any
other provision of this Agreement is intended, nor shall it be
construed, to limit or in any way restrict Parent’s right
or ability to exercise any of its rights under the Merger
Agreement.

Section 5.  
Representations and
Warranties of the Stockholders.
 Each Stockholder represents
and warrants to Parent that:

	(a)  the execution, delivery and performance by such
	Stockholder of this Agreement will not conflict with, require a
	consent, waiver or approval under, or result in a breach or
	default under, any of the terms of any contract, commitment or
	other obligation (written or oral) to which such Stockholder is
	bound;

	(b)  such Stockholder has full right, power and authority
	to enter into and execute this Agreement and to perform his
	obligations hereunder;

	(c)  this Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by
	such Stockholder and constitutes a legal, valid and binding
	obligation of such Stockholder enforceable against him in
	accordance with its terms;

	(d)  as of the date hereof, such Stockholder is the
	beneficial owner with the right to vote the number of Company
	Shares set forth on Schedule A attached hereto and made a
	part hereof, and such Shares represent all shares of Company
	Common Stock of or with respect to which such Stockholder is the
	beneficial owner with the right to vote at the date hereof;

	(e)  except for the Company Shares listed on
	Schedule A hereto, such Stockholder does not have any right
	to acquire, nor is her or she the “beneficial owner”
	(as such term is defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Securities
	Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) of, with the right to vote,
	any other shares of any class of capital stock of Company or any
	securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for
	any shares of any class of capital stock of Company (other than
	shares issuable upon exercise of employee stock options granted
	by Company and previously disclosed to Parent); and

C-8

	(f)  such Stockholder’s Company Shares are duly
	authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable shares
	of Company Common Stock, and such Stockholder owns all of his
	Company Shares free and clear of all liens, claims, pledges,
	charges, proxies, restrictions, encumbrances, proxies and voting
	agreements or any nature whatsoever (each, an
	“Encumbrance”) other than as provided by this
	Agreement, and good and valid title to his Company Shares, free
	and clear of any Encumbrance (other than Encumbrances that will
	not prohibit such Stockholder from complying with the terms of
	this Agreement).

The representations and warranties contained herein shall be
made as of the date hereof and as of the Effective Time of the
Merger, provided that nothing herein shall prevent any
Stockholder from selling, transferring or otherwise disposing of
any of his Company Shares set forth on Schedule A.

Section 6.  
Representations and
Warranties of Parent.
 Parent represents and warrants to the
Stockholders that:

	(a)  It has all requisite power and authority to enter into
	and perform all of its obligations under this Agreement; and

	(b)  The execution, delivery and performance of this
	Agreement by it, and all transactions contemplated hereby, have
	been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on its
	part, and this Agreement constitutes the legal, valid and
	binding contract of Parent enforceable against it in accordance
	with its terms.

The representations and warranties contained herein shall be
made as of the date hereof and as of the Effective Time of the
Merger.

Section 7.  
Adjustments; Additional
Shares.
 In the event (a) of any stock dividend, stock
split, merger (other than the Merger), recapitalization,
reclassification, combination, exchange of shares or the like of
the capital stock of Company on, of or affecting the Company
Common Stock or (b) that any Stockholder shall become the
owner of, or otherwise obtain the right to vote with respect to,
any additional shares of Company Common Stock or other
securities entitling the holder thereof to vote or give consent
with respect to the matters set forth in Section 1 hereof,
then the terms of this Agreement with respect to the Irrevocable
Proxy shall apply to the shares of capital stock or other
instruments or documents that the Stockholders own or have the
right to vote immediately following the effectiveness or the
events described in clause (a) or any Stockholder becoming
the owner of or obtaining the right to vote with respect to any
Common Stock or other securities as described in clause (b), as
though, in either case, they were Company Shares hereunder.

Section 8.  
Specific Performance.

The parties hereto agree that the Company Shares are unique and
that money damages are an inadequate remedy for breach of this
Agreement because of the difficulty of ascertaining the amount
of damage that will be suffered by Parent in the event that this
Agreement is breached. Therefore, each of the Stockholders
agrees that in addition to and not in lieu of any other remedies
available to Parent at law or in equity, Parent may obtain
specific performance of this Agreement.

Section 9.  
Assignment.

Parent’s rights and obligations under this Agreement may
not be assigned without the consent of each affected
Stockholder, except that Parent may assign the same to any
direct or indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent upon
delivery of written notice of such assignment to the
Stockholders.

Section 10.  
Amendments.
 Amendment
or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or consent to
departure therefrom shall not be effective unless in writing and
signed by Parent and all affected Stockholders, in the case of
an amendment, or by the party which is the beneficiary of any
such provision, in the case of a waiver or a consent to depart
therefrom.

Section 11.  
Notices.
 Any notices
or other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall
be deemed to have bee duly given (and shall be deemed to have
been duly received if so given) if personally

C-9

delivered or sent by telecopier or three business days after
being sent by registered or certified mail, postage paid,
addressed to the respective parties as follows:

(a)

	If to Parent:

	Avnet, Inc.

	2211 South 47th Street

	Phoenix, Arizona 85034

	Attention: David R. Birk, Esq.

	Telecopier No.:480-643-7929

	with a copy to:

	Carter, Ledyard & Milburn

	2 Wall Street

	New York, New York 10005

	Attention: James E. Abbott, Esq.

	Telecopier No.: 212-732-3232

(b)

	If to a Stockholder:

	To the address listed on the signature page hereof

	with a copy to:

	Locke Liddell & Sapp LLP

	3400 Chase Tower

	600 Travis

	Houston, Texas 77002-3095

	Attention: Gene G. Lewis, Esq.

	Telecopy: 713-223-3717

or to such other address as either party may have furnished to
the other in writing in accordance herewith, except that notices
of change of address shall only be effective upon receipt.

Section 12.  
Governing Law.
 This
Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with
the internal substantive laws of the State of Texas, without
regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof.

Section 13.  
Binding Effect.
 This
Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the
parties hereto and their respective successors, personal
representatives, executors, heirs and permitted assigns.

Section 14.  
Headings.
 The Section
headings herein are for convenience of reference only and shall
not affect the construction hereof.

Section 15.  
Counterparts.
 This
Agreement may be executed in several counterparts, each of which
shall be an original, but all of which together shall constitute
one and the same Agreement.

C-10

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Parent and each of the Stockholders have
duly executed this Agreement as of the date and year first above
written.

	AVNET, INC.

By: 

	/s/ RAYMOND SADOWSKI

	Name: Raymond Sadowski

Title: 

	Chief Financial Officer and

	Senior Vice President

	/s/ LARRY OLSON

	Name: Larry D. Olson

Address: 

	6402 Taimer Ct.

	Sugar Land, TX 77479

	/s/ STEPHEN CHAPKO

	Name: Stephen J. Chapko

Address: 

	3406 Williams Glen Drive

	Sugar Land, Texas 77479

	/s/ RICHARD HIGHTOWER

	Name: Richard J. Hightower

Address: 

	13 Turtle Creek Manor

	Sugar Land, TX 77479

	/s/ MARK ZERBE

	Name: Mark A. Zerbe

Address: 

	6 St. George Ct.

	Sugar Land, TX 77479

C-11

Schedule A

Shares

Name of Stockholder

Number of Shares

	Larry D. Olson

103,800

	Stephen J. Chapko

35,000

	Richard J. Hightower

9,500

	Mark A. Zerbe

19,800

C-12

Appendix D

March 21, 2001

Board of Directors

Kent Electronics Corporation

1111 Gillingham Lane

Sugar Land, TX 77478

Members of the Board:

You have asked us to advise you with respect to the fairness to
the holders of Company Common Stock (as defined below) from a
financial point of view of the Exchange Ratio (as defined below)
set forth in the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of
March 21, 2001 (the “Merger Agreement”), among
Kent Electronics Corporation (the “Company”), Avnet,
Inc. (the “Acquiror”) and Alpha Acquisition Corp., a
wholly owned subsidiary of the Acquiror (“Sub”). The
Merger Agreement provides for the merger (the
“Merger”) of Sub with the Company pursuant to which
the Company will become a wholly owned subsidiary of the
Acquiror and each outstanding share of common stock, without par
value (“Company Common Stock”), of the Company will be
converted into 0.87 (the “Exchange Ratio”) of a common
share, par value $1.00 per share (“Acquiror Common
Stock”), of the Acquiror.

In arriving at our opinion, we have reviewed certain publicly
available business and financial information relating to the
Company and the Acquiror, as well as the Merger Agreement and
certain related documents including the Stock Option Agreement
dated as of March 21, 2001 between the Acquiror, Sub and
the Company and the Inducement Agreement dated as of
March 21, 2001 by and among the Acquiror and certain
shareholders of the Company. We have also reviewed certain other
information, including financial forecasts, provided to or
discussed with us by the Company and the Acquiror, and have met
with the Company’s and the Acquiror’s management to
discuss the business and prospects of the Company and the
Acquiror. We have also considered certain financial and stock
market data of the Company and the Acquiror, and we have
compared those data with similar data for other publicly held
companies in businesses similar to the Company and the Acquiror.
We also considered such other information, financial studies,
analyses and investigations and financial, economic and market
criteria which we deemed relevant. We have also relied upon the
views of the Company’s and the Acquiror’s management
concerning the business, operational and strategic benefits and
implications of the Merger, including financial forecasts
provided to us by the Company and the Acquiror relating to the
synergistic values and operating cost savings expected to be
achieved through the combination of the operations of the
Company and the Acquiror.

In connection with our review, we have not assumed any
responsibility for independent verification of any of the
foregoing information and have relied on its being complete and
accurate in all material respects. With respect to the financial
forecasts, we have assumed that they have been reasonably
prepared on bases reflecting the best currently available
estimates and judgments of the Company’s and the
Acquiror’s management as to the future financial
performance of the Company and the Acquiror and as to the cost
savings and other potential synergies (including the amount,
timing and achievability thereof) anticipated to result from the
Merger. In addition, we have relied upon, without independent
verification, the assessment of the managements of the Company
and the Acquiror as to (i) the Company’s and the
Acquiror’s existing services, technology and products and
validity of, and risks associated with, the Company’s and
the Acquiror’s future services, technology and products,
(ii) their ability to integrate the businesses of the
Company and the Acquiror and (iii) their ability to retain
key employees of the Company and the Acquiror. The Company has
also informed us, and we have assumed, that the Merger will be
treated as a tax-free reorganization for federal income tax
purposes and accounted for as a pooling of interests in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. In
addition, we have not been requested to make, and have not made,
an independent evaluation or appraisal of the assets or
liabilities (contingent or otherwise) of the Company or the
Acquiror. In

D-1

connection with our engagement, we were not requested to, and
did not, solicit third party indications of interest in the
possible acquisition of all or a part of the Company. Our
opinion does not address the relative merits of the Merger as
compared to other business strategies that might be available to
the Company nor does it address the Company’s underlying
business decision to engage in the Merger. Our opinion is
necessarily based upon information available to us and
financial, economic, market and other conditions as they exist
and can be evaluated on the date hereof. We are not expressing
any opinion as to the actual value of Acquiror Common Stock when
issued to holders of Company Common Stock pursuant to the Merger
or the prices at which Acquiror Common Stock will trade at any
time.

We have acted as financial advisor to the Company in connection
with the Merger and will receive a fee for our services, a
significant portion of which is contingent upon the consummation
of the Merger. We will also receive a fee for rendering this
opinion.

In the past, we have provided certain investment banking and
financial services to the Company and the Acquiror for which we
have received compensation. In the ordinary course of our
business, we and our affiliates may actively trade the debt and
equity securities of both the Company and the Acquiror for our
and such affiliates’ own accounts and for the accounts of
customers and, accordingly, may at any time hold a long or short
position in such securities.

It is understood that this letter is for the information of the
Board of Directors of the Company in connection with its
consideration of the Merger and does not constitute a
recommendation to any stockholder of the Company as to how such
stockholder should vote or act on any matter relating to the
Merger.

Based upon and subject to the foregoing, it is our opinion that,
as of the date hereof, the Exchange Ratio is fair to the holders
of Company Common Stock from a financial point of view.

	Very truly yours,

	CREDIT SUISSE FIRST BOSTON CORPORATION

D-2

Appendix E

Investment Banking

Corporate and Institutional

Client Group

World Financial Center

North Tower

New York, New York 10281-1330

212 449 1000 Main

March 21, 2001

Board of Directors

Avnet, Inc.

2211 South 47th Street

Phoenix, Arizona 85034

Members of the Board of Directors:

Kent Electronics Corporation (“Kent”), Avnet, Inc.
(“Avnet”) and Alpha Acquisition Corp., a newly formed,
wholly owned subsidiary of Avnet (“Acquisition Sub”),
propose to enter into an Agreement and Plan of Merger dated
March 21, 2001 (the “Agreement”) pursuant to
which Acquisition Sub will be merged with and into Kent in a
transaction (the “Merger”) in which each outstanding
share of common stock of Kent, without par value (the “Kent
Shares”), will be converted into the right to receive 0.87
of a share (the “Exchange Ratio”) of the common stock
of Avnet, par value $1.00 per share (the “Avnet
Shares”).

You have asked us whether, in our opinion, the Exchange Ratio is
fair from a financial point of view to Avnet.

In arriving at the opinion set forth below, we have, among other
things:

(1) 

	Reviewed certain publicly available business and financial
	information relating to Kent and Avnet that we deemed to be
	relevant;

(2) 

	Reviewed certain information, including financial forecasts,
	relating to the business, earnings, cash flows, assets,
	liabilities and prospects of Kent and Avnet, as well as the
	amount and timing of the cost savings and related expenses and
	potential revenue synergies expected to result from the Merger
	(the “Expected Synergies”) furnished to us by Kent and
	Avnet, respectively;

(3) 

	Conducted discussions with members of senior management and
	representatives of Kent and Avnet concerning the matters
	described in clauses 1 and 2 above, as well as their respective
	businesses and prospects before and after giving effect to the
	Merger and the Expected Synergies;

(4) 

	Reviewed the market prices and valuation multiples for the Kent
	Shares and the Avnet Shares and compared them with those of
	certain publicly traded companies that we deemed to be relevant;

(5) 

	Reviewed the results of operations of Kent and Avnet and
	compared them with those of certain publicly traded companies
	that we deemed to be relevant;

(6) 

	Compared the proposed financial terms of the Merger with the
	financial terms of certain other transactions that we deemed to
	be relevant;

(7) 

	Participated in certain discussions and negotiations among
	representatives of Kent and Avnet and their financial and legal
	advisors;

(8) 

	Reviewed the potential pro forma impact of the Merger;

(9) 

	Reviewed the Agreement; and

E-1

(10) 

	Reviewed such other financial studies and analyses and took into
	account such other matters as we deemed necessary, including our
	assessment of general economic, market and monetary conditions.

In preparing our opinion, we have assumed and relied on the
accuracy and completeness of all information supplied or
otherwise made available to us, discussed with or reviewed by or
for us, or publicly available, and we have not assumed any
responsibility for independently verifying such information or
undertaken an independent evaluation or appraisal of any of the
assets or liabilities of Kent or Avnet or been furnished with
any such evaluation or appraisal. In addition, we have not
assumed any obligation to conduct any physical inspection of the
properties or facilities of Kent or Avnet. With respect to the
financial forecast information and the Expected Synergies
furnished to or discussed with us by Kent or Avnet, we have
assumed that they have been reasonably prepared and reflect the
best currently available estimates and judgment of the
managements of Kent or Avnet as to the expected future financial
performance of Kent or Avnet, as the case may be, and the
Expected Synergies. We have further assumed that the Merger will
qualify as a tax-free reorganization for U.S. federal income tax
purposes.

Our opinion is necessarily based upon market, economic and other
conditions as they exist and can be evaluated on, and on the
information made available to us as of, the date hereof.

We are acting as financial advisor to Avnet in connection with
the Merger and will receive a fee from Avnet for our services, a
significant portion of which is contingent upon the consummation
of the Merger. In addition, Avnet has agreed to indemnify us for
certain liabilities arising out of our engagement. We have, in
the past, provided financial advisory and financing services to
Avnet and/or its affiliates and may continue to do so and have
received, and may receive, fees for the rendering of such
services. In addition, in the ordinary course of our business,
we may actively trade the Kent Shares and other securities of
Kent, as well as the Avnet Shares and other securities of Avnet,
for our own account and for the accounts of customers and,
accordingly, may at any time hold a long or short position in
such securities.

This opinion is for the use and benefit of the Board of
Directors of Avnet. Our opinion does not address the merits of
the underlying decision by Avnet to engage in the Merger and
does not constitute a recommendation to any shareholder of Avnet
as to how such shareholder should vote on any matter relating to
the proposed Merger.

We are not expressing any opinion herein as to the prices at
which the Avnet Shares will trade following the announcement or
consummation of the Merger.

On the basis of and subject to the foregoing, we are of the
opinion that, as of the date hereof, the Exchange Ratio is fair
from a financial point of view to Avnet.

	Very truly yours,

	MERRILL LYNCH, PIERCE, FENNER & SMITH

	INCORPORATED

E-2

PART II

INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS

Item 20.  
Indemnification of Directors and
Officers.

Section 54 of the Registrant’s By-laws provides as
follows:

“A. 

	The Corporation shall indemnify, and advance the expenses of,
	any director, officer or employee to the full extent permitted
	by the New York Business Corporation Law as the same now exists
	or may hereafter be amended.

“B. 

	The indemnification and advancement of expenses granted pursuant
	to this Section 54 shall not be exclusive or limiting of
	any other rights to which any person seeking indemnification or
	advancement of expenses may be entitled when authorized by
	(i) a resolution of shareholders, (ii) a resolution of
	directors or (iii) an agreement providing for such
	indemnification; provided that no indemnification may be made to
	or on behalf of any such person if a judgment or other final
	adjudication adverse to such person establishes that his acts
	were committed in bad faith or were the result of active and
	deliberate dishonesty and were material to the cause of action
	so adjudicated, or that he personally gained in fact a financial
	profit or other advantage to which he was not legally entitled.

“C. 

	No amendment, modification or rescission of these By-laws shall
	be effective to limit any person’s right to indemnification
	with respect to any alleged cause of action that accrues or
	other incident or matter that occurs prior to the date on which
	such modification, amendment or rescission is adopted.”

Section 721 of the New York Business Corporation Law (the
“BCL”) provides that no indemnification may be made to
or on behalf of any director or officer of the Registrant if
“a judgment or other final adjudication adverse to the
director or officer establishes that his acts were committed in
bad faith or were the result of active and deliberate dishonesty
and were material to the cause of action so adjudicated, or that
he personally gained in fact a financial profit or other
advantage to which he was not legally entitled.”
Section 54B of the Registrant’s By-laws includes the
foregoing statutory language.

The rights granted under Section 54 of the By-laws are in
addition to, and are not exclusive of, any other rights to
indemnification and expenses to which any director or officer
may otherwise be entitled. Under the BCL, a New York corporation
may indemnify any director or officer who is made or threatened
to be made a party to an action by or in the right of such
corporation against “amounts paid in settlement and
reasonable expenses, including attorneys’ fees,”
actually and necessarily incurred by him in connection with the
defense or settlement of such action, or in connection with an
appeal therein, if such director or officer acted, in good
faith, for a purpose which he reasonably believed to be in the
best interests of the corporation, except that no
indemnification shall be made in respect of (1) a
threatened action which is settled or otherwise disposed of, or
(2) any claim, issue or matter as to which such director or
officer shall have been adjudged liable to the corporation,
unless and only to the extent that a court determines that the
director or officer is fairly and reasonably entitled to
indemnity (BCL Section 722(c)). A corporation may also
indemnify directors and officers who are parties to other
actions or proceedings (including actions or proceedings by or
in the right of any other corporation or other enterprise which
the director or officer served at the request of the
corporation) against “judgments, fines, amounts paid in
settlement and reasonable expenses, including attorneys’
fees,” actually or necessarily incurred as a result of such
actions or proceedings, or any appeal therein, provided the
director or officer acted in good faith, for a purpose which he
reasonably believed to be in the best interests of the
corporation (or in the case of service to another corporation or
other enterprise at the request of such corporation, not opposed
to the best interests of such corporation) and, in criminal
cases, result of such actions or proceedings, or any appeal
therein, provided the director or officer acted in good faith,
for a purposes which he reasonably believed to be in the best
interests of the corporation (or in the case of service to
another corporation or other enterprise at the request of such
corporation, not opposed to the best interests of such
corporation) and, in criminal cases, that he also had no
reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was

II-1

unlawful (BCL Section 722(a)). Any indemnification under
Section 722 may be made only if authorized in the specific
case by disinterested directors, or by the board of directors
upon the opinion in writing of independent legal counsel that
indemnification is proper, or by shareholders (BCL
Section 723(b)), but even without such authorization, a
court may order indemnification in certain circumstances (BCL
Section 724). Further, any director or officer who is
“successful, on the merits or otherwise,” in the
defense of an action or proceeding is entitled to
indemnification as a matter of right (BCL Section 723(a)).

A New York corporation may generally purchase insurance,
consistent with the limitation of New York insurance law and
regulatory supervision, to indemnify the corporation for any
obligation which it incurs as a result of the indemnification of
directors and officers under the provisions of the BCL, so long
as no final adjudication has established that the
directors’ or officers’ acts of active and deliberate
dishonesty were material to the cause of action so adjudicated
or that the directors or officers personally gained in fact a
financial profit or other advance (BCL Section 726).

The Registrant’s directors and officers are currently
covered as insureds under directors’ and officers’
liability insurance. Such insurance, subject to annual renewal
and certain rights of the insurer to terminate, provides an
aggregate maximum of $50,000,000 of coverage for directors and
officers of the Registrant and its subsidiaries against claims
made during the policy period relating to certain civil
liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of
1933.

Item 21.  
Exhibits and Financial Statement
Schedules.

(a) Exhibits

Exhibit

No.

Description

2.1

	Amended and Restated Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of
	March 21, 2001, among Avnet, Inc., Alpha Acquisition Corp.
	and Kent Electronics Corporation, included as Appendix A to
	the proxy statement/prospectus constituting Part I of this
	registration statement. The copy so included does not include
	the schedules to the Agreement and Plan of Merger as listed in
	the  thereto. The Registrant undertakes to
	furnish any such schedules to the Commission upon its request.

2.2

	Inducement Agreement dated as of March 21, 2001, between
	Avnet, Inc. and Morrie K. Abramson, included as Appendix 
	C-1 to the proxy statement/prospectus constituting Part I
	of this registration statement.

2.3

	Inducement Agreement dated as of March 21, 2001, between
	Avnet, Inc. and each of Larry D. Olson, Stephen J.
	Chapko, Richard J. Hightower and Mark A. Zerbe,
	included as Appendix C-2 to the proxy statement/ prospectus
	constituting Part I of this registration statement.

2.4

	Stock Option Agreement dated March 21, 2001, among Avnet,
	Inc., Alpha Acquisition Corp. and Kent Electronics Corporation,
	included as Appendix B to the proxy statement/ prospectus
	constituting Part I of this registration statement.

2.5

	Employment Agreement effective as of March 21, 2000,
	between Avnet, Inc. and Larry D. Olson.

2.6

	Employment Agreement effective as of March 21, 2001,
	between Avnet, Inc. and Mark A. Zerbe.

2.7

	Amendment No. 3, entered into as of March 21, 2001, to
	the Employment Agreement dated as of January 3, 1996, as
	amended, among Morrie K. Abramson, Rolaine S. Abramson
	and Kent Electronics Corporation.

2.8

	Amendment No. 1, entered into as of March 21, 2001,
	but effective as of April 1, 2001, to the Consulting
	Agreement effective as of April 1, 2001, by and among
	Morrie K. Abramson and Kent Electronics Corporation.

II-2

Exhibit

No.

Description

	Note: The Registrant hereby agrees to provide the
	Commission, upon request, copies of such instruments defining
	the rights of holders of long-term debt of the Registrant and
	its subsidiaries as are specified in Item 
	601(b)(4)(iii)(A) of Regulation S-K. The total amount of
	securities authorized under any instrument that defines the
	rights of the holders of the Registrant’s long-term debt
	does not exceed 10% of the total assets of the Registrant and
	its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis.

	Opinion of David R. Birk, Senior Vice President and General
	Counsel of the Registrant.

	Tax opinion of Carter, Ledyard & Milburn.

23.1

	Consent of Arthur Andersen LLP.

23.2

	Consent of Grant Thornton LLP.

23.3

	Consent of Carter, Ledyard & Milburn (included in
	Exhibit  8).

23.4

	Consent of David R. Birk (included in Exhibit 5).

	Powers of attorney.

99.1

	Form of proxy card of Kent Electronics Corporation.

99.2

	Form of proxy card of the Registrant.

99.3

	Consent of Credit Suisse First Boston Corporation.

99.4

	Consent of Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith
	Incorporated.

(b) Financial Statement Schedules

Not applicable with respect to the Registrant, since
Item 14(e) of Form S-4 is not applicable to it. Not
applicable with respect to Kent, since Items 17(a) and
17(b)(9) of Form S-4 are inapplicable to Kent.

(c) Report, Opinion or Appraisal

The opinions of Credit Suisse First Boston Corporation and
Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated are set
forth as Appendix D and Appendix E to the proxy
statement/ prospectus constituting Part I of this
registration statement.

Item 22.  
Undertakings.

(a)  The undersigned Registrant hereby undertakes that, for
purposes of determining any liability under the Securities Act
of 1933, each filing of the Registrant’s annual report
pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 that is incorporated by reference in this
registration statement shall be deemed to be a new registration
statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the
offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be
the initial bona fide offering thereof.

(b)  The undersigned Registrant hereby undertakes that
prior to any public reoffering of the securities registered
hereunder through use of a prospectus which is a part of this
registration statement, by any person or party who is deemed to
be an underwriter within the meaning of Rule 145(c), the
issuer undertakes that such reoffering prospectus will contain
the information called for by the applicable registration form
with respect to reofferings by persons who may be deemed
underwriters, in addition to the information called for by the
other items of the applicable form.

(c)  The Registrant undertakes that every prospectus
(i) that is filed pursuant to paragraph
(b) immediately preceding, or (ii) that purports to
meet the requirements of Section 10(a)(3) of the Act and is
used in connection with an offering of securities subject to
Rule 415, will be filed as a part of an amendment to the
registration statement and will not be used until such amendment
is effective, and that, for purposes of determining any
liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each such
post-effective amendment shall be deemed to be a new
registration statement relating to the securities offered
therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall
be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof.

II-3

(d)  Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising
under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to directors,
officers and controlling persons of the registrant pursuant to
the provisions referred to in Item 20 above, or otherwise,
the Registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the
Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is
against public policy as expressed in the Act and is, therefore,
unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification
against such liabilities (other than the payment by the
registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer
or controlling person of the Registrant in the successful
defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such
director, officer or controlling person in connection with the
securities being registered, the Registrant will, unless in the
opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by
controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate
jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is
against public policy as expressed in the Act and will be
governed by the final adjudication of such issue.

(e)  The undersigned Registrant hereby undertakes to
respond to requests for information that is incorporated by
reference into the prospectus pursuant to Item 4, 10(b), 11
or 13 of this Form S-4, within one business day of receipt
of such request, and to send the incorporated documents by first
class mail or other equally prompt means. This includes
information contained in documents filed subsequent to the
effective date of this registration statement through the date
of responding to the request.

(f)  The undersigned Registrant hereby undertakes to supply
by means of a post-effective amendment all information
concerning a transaction, and the company being acquired
involved therein, that was not the subject of and included in
this registration statement when it became effective.

II-4

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the
Registrant has duly caused this Registration Statement to be
signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly
authorized, in the city of Phoenix, State of Arizona, on
April 12, 2001.

	AVNET, INC.

By: 

	/s/ RAYMOND SADOWSKI

	Raymond Sadowski

Senior Vice President and

Chief Financial Officer

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this
Registration Statement has been signed on April 12, 2001,
by the following persons in the capacities indicated.

Signature

Capacity

	*

Roy Vallee

	Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and Director
	(principal executive officer)

	/s/ RAYMOND SADOWSKI

Raymond Sadowski

	Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Chief
	Financial Officer and (principal financial officer)

	*

John F. Cole

	Controller (principal accounting officer)

	*

Eleanor Baum

	Director

	*

J. Veronica Biggins

	Director

	*

Lawrence W. Clarkson

	Director

	*

Ehud Houminer

	Director

	*

James A. Lawrence

	Director

	*

Salvatore J. Nuzzo

	Director

II-5

Signature

Capacity

	*

Ray M. Robinson

	Director

	*

Frederic Salerno

	Director

	*

Gary L. Tooker

	Director

	*By: /s/ RAYMOND SADOWSKI

Raymond Sadowski

Attorney-in-Fact

II-6

EXHIBIT INDEX

Exhibit

No.

Description

2.1

	Amended and Restated Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of
	March 21, 2001, among Avnet, Inc., Alpha Acquisition Corp.
	and Kent Electronics Corporation, included as Appendix A to
	the proxy statement/prospectus constituting Part I of this
	registration statement. The copy so included does not include
	the schedules to the Agreement and Plan of Merger as listed in
	the  thereto. The Registrant undertakes to
	furnish any such schedules to the Commission upon its request.

2.2

	Inducement Agreement dated as of March 21, 2001, between
	Avnet, Inc. and Morrie K. Abramson, included as
	Appendix  C-1 to the proxy statement/ prospectus
	constituting Part I of this registration statement.

2.3

	Inducement Agreement dated as of March 21, 2001, between
	Avnet, Inc. and each of Larry D. Olson, Stephen J.
	Chapko, Richard J. Hightower and Mark A. Zerbe,
	included as Appendix C-2 to the proxy statement/ prospectus
	constituting Part I of this registration statement.

2.4

	Stock Option Agreement dated March 21, 2001, among Avnet,
	Inc., Alpha Acquisition Corp. and Kent Electronics Corporation,
	included as Appendix B to the proxy statement/ prospectus
	constituting Part I of this registration statement.

2.5

	Employment Agreement effective as of March 21, 2000,
	between Avnet, Inc. and Larry D. Olson.

2.6

	Employment Agreement effective as of March 21, 2001,
	between Avnet, Inc. and Mark A. Zerbe.

2.7

	Amendment No. 3, entered into as of March 21, 2001, to
	the Employment Agreement dated as of January 3, 1996, as
	amended, among Morrie K. Abramson, Rolaine S. Abramson
	and Kent Electronics Corporation.

2.8

	Amendment No. 1, entered into as of March 21, 2001,
	but effective as of April 1, 2001, to the Consulting
	Agreement effective as of April 1, 2001, by and among
	Morrie K. Abramson and Kent Electronics Corporation.

	Note: The Registrant hereby agrees to provide the
	Commission, upon request, copies of such instruments defining
	the rights of holders of long-term debt of the Registrant and
	its subsidiaries as are specified in Item 
	601(b)(4)(iii)(A) of Regulation S-K. The total amount of
	securities authorized under any instrument that defines the
	rights of the holders of the Registrant’s long-term debt
	does not exceed 10% of the total assets of the Registrant and
	its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis.

	Opinion of David R. Birk, Senior Vice President and General
	Counsel of the Registrant.

	Tax opinion of Carter, Ledyard & Milburn.

23.1

	Consent of Arthur Andersen LLP.

23.2

	Consent of Grant Thornton LLP.

23.3

	Consent of Carter, Ledyard & Milburn (included in
	Exhibit  8).

23.4

	Consent of David R. Birk (included in Exhibit 5).

	Powers of attorney.

99.1

	Form of proxy card of Kent Electronics Corporation.

99.2

	Form of proxy card of the Registrant.

99.3

	Consent of Credit Suisse First Boston Corporation.

99.4

	Consent of Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith
	Incorporated.

EX-2.5

p64859ex2-5.txt

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

                                                                     EXHIBIT 2.5

            AGREEMENT effective as of March 21, 2001 between Avnet, Inc., a New
York corporation with a principal place of business at 2211 South 47th Street,
Phoenix, Arizona 85034 ("Employer") and Larry D. Olson, having an office at 7433
Harwin Drive, Houston, Texas 77036 ("Employee"). Employer intends to enter into
an Agreement and Plan of Merger ("Merger Agreement") among Employer, Alpha
Acquisition Corp. ("Buyer") and Kent Electronics Corporation, a Texas
corporation ("Company") to be dated the date hereof whereby Employer's
subsidiary Buyer is to be merged (the "Merger") with and into Company, with
Company (as the surviving corporation of the Merger) to become a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Employer. Subject to and effective upon the Closing of the Merger
Agreement, this Agreement will supersede and replace all previous employment
agreements and employment-related arrangements between Company and Employee,
except as set forth in Subsection 6.6.

                              W I T N E S S E T H :

1.                Employment, Salary, Benefits:

1.1               Employment. Subject to the Closing of the Merger Agreement,
                  Employer agrees to employ Employee and Employee agrees to
                  accept employment upon the terms and conditions hereinafter
                  set forth.

1.2               Term. Employee's employment pursuant to this Agreement shall
                  commence at the Effective Time of the Merger and, subject to
                  earlier termination as provided herein, may be terminated on
                  the date which is two years after the Effective Time (the
                  "Initial Term") by either party provided, however, that the
                  party desiring to terminate the employment on such date gives
                  written notice thereof to the other not later than one (1)
                  year prior thereto. In the event neither employer nor Employee
                  gives such written notice of termination, then Employee's
                  employment pursuant to this Agreement shall continue
                  thereafter until either Employee or Employer shall terminate
                  such employment upon at least one (1) year's prior written
                  notice given to the other.

1.3               Duties. Employee is hereby engaged in an executive capacity
                  and shall perform such duties for Employer, or Employer's
                  subsidiaries, divisions and operating units as may be assigned
                  to him from time to time by the Chief Executive Officer of
                  Employer. Employee is intended to be engaged at the
                  commencement of this Agreement as President of the IP&E
                  division of Electronics Marketing Americas. If Employee is
                  elected an officer or a director of Employer or any subsidiary
                  or division thereof, he shall serve as such without additional
                  compensation.

1.4               Compensation. For all services to be rendered by Employee and
                  for all covenants undertaken by him pursuant to the Agreement,
                  Employer shall pay and Employee shall accept compensation as
                  set forth in the income plan (including base salary and
                  incentive compensation) as agreed upon from time to time
                  between Employer and Employee, provided that the parties agree
                  that Employee's base salary at commencement shall not be less
                  than $350,000 per annum and incentive compensation not less
                  than $250,000. In the event Employee's employment hereunder is
                  terminated by the one (1) year notice provided for in Section
                  1.2 above

                  and Employer and Employee fail to agree upon compensation
                  during all or any portion of the one (1) year notice period
                  prior to termination, then Employee's compensation (base
                  salary and incentive compensation) during such portion of the
                  notice period shall remain the same in cash amount as was most
                  recently agreed upon (or as resulted on an average basis for
                  each pay period from the formula most recently agreed upon).

1.5               Compensation on Termination. Upon termination of this
                  Agreement, Employee shall be entitled to receive only such
                  compensation as had accrued and was unpaid to the effective
                  date of termination. If the termination occurs other than at
                  the end of a fiscal year of Employer the compensation payable
                  to Employee (including base salary and incentive compensation)
                  shall bear the same ratio to a full fiscal year's remuneration
                  as the number of days for which employee shall be entitled to
                  remuneration bears to 365 days. Upon termination of this
                  Agreement by Employer without cause prior to the end of the
                  two year Initial Term described in Subsection 1.2, Employee
                  shall continue to receive payment of base salary and incentive
                  compensation and continued Employer-paid participation in
                  medical and life insurance benefits throughout the remainder
                  of the Initial Term.

1.6               Additional Benefits. In addition to the compensation described
                  in Subsection 1.4, Employee shall be entitled to vacation,
                  insurance, retirement and other benefits (except for severance
                  pay benefit which the one-year termination notice described
                  above is intended to replace) as are afforded to personnel of
                  Employer's United States based Electronics Marketing Group
                  operating units generally and which are in effect from time to
                  time. It is understood that Employer does not by reason of
                  this Agreement obligate itself to provide any such benefits to
                  such personnel.

2.                Early Termination.

2.1               Death or Disability. Employee's employment hereunder shall
                  terminate on the date of Employee's death or upon Employee
                  suffering mental or physical injury, illness or capacity which
                  renders him unable to perform his customary duties hereunder
                  on a full-time basis for a period of 365 substantially
                  consecutive days on the 365th such day. The opinion of a
                  medical doctor licensed to practice in the State of Texas (or
                  such other state wherein Employee then resides) and having
                  Board certification in his field of specialization or the
                  receipt of or entitlement of Employee to disability benefits
                  under any policy of insurance provided or made available by
                  Employer or under Federal Social Security laws, shall be
                  conclusive evidence of such disability.

2.2               Cause. Employee's employment hereunder may also be terminated
                  by Employer at any time prior to the expiration of the term
                  hereof without notice for cause, including, but not limited
                  to, Employee's gross misconduct, breach of any material term
                  of this Agreement, willful breach, habitual neglect or wanton
                  disregard of his duties, or conviction of any criminal act.

3.                Competitive Employment.

3.1               Full time. Employee shall devote his full time, best efforts,
                  attention and energies to the business and affairs of Employer
                  and shall not, during the term of his employment, be engaged
                  in any other activity which, in the sole judgment of Employer,
                  will interfere with the performance of his duties hereunder.

3.2               Non-Competition. While employed by Employer or any subsidiary,
                  division or operating unit of Employer, Employee shall not,
                  without the written consent of the Chief Executive Officer of
                  Employer, directly or indirectly (whether through his spouse,
                  child or parent, other legal entity or otherwise): own,
                  manage, operate, join, control, participate in, invest in, or
                  otherwise be connected with, in any manner, whether as an
                  officer, director, employee, partner, investor, shareholder,
                  consultant, lender or otherwise, any business entity which is
                  engaged in, or is in any way related to or competitive with
                  the business of Employer; provided, however, notwithstanding
                  the foregoing, Employee shall not be prohibited from owning,
                  directly or indirectly, up to 5% of the outstanding equity
                  interests of any company or entity the stock or other entity
                  interests of which is publicly traded on a national securities
                  exchange or on the NASDAQ over-the-counter market.

3.3               Non-Solicitation. Employee further agrees that he will not, at
                  any time while employed by Employer or any subsidiary,
                  division or operating unit of Employer and for a period of one
                  year after the termination of employment with Employer,
                  without the written consent of an officer authorized to act in
                  the matter by the Board of Directors of Employer, directly or
                  indirectly, on Employee's behalf or on behalf of any person or
                  entity, induce or attempt to induce any employee of Employer
                  or any subsidiary or affiliate of Employer (collectively the
                  "Employer Group") or any individual who was an employee of the
                  Employer Group during the one (1) year prior to the date of
                  such inducement, to leave the employ of the Employer Group or
                  to become employed by any person other than members of the
                  Employer Group or offer or provide employment to any such
                  employee.

4.                Definitions.

                  The words and phrases set forth below shall have the meanings
                  as indicated:

4.1               Confidential Information. That confidential business
                  information of the Employer, whether or not discovered,
                  developed, or known by Employee as a consequence of his
                  employment with Employer. Without limiting the generality of
                  the foregoing, Confidential Information shall include
                  information concerning customer identity, needs, buying
                  practices and patterns, sales and management techniques,
                  employee effectiveness and compensation information, supply
                  and inventory techniques, manufacturing processes and
                  techniques, product design and configuration, market
                  strategies, profit and loss information, sources of supply,
                  product cost, gross margins, credit and other sales terms and
                  conditions. Confidential Information shall also include, but
                  not be limited to, information contained in Employer's
                  manuals, memoranda, price lists, computer programs (such as
                  inventory control, billing,

                  collection, etc.) and records, whether or not designated,
                  legended or otherwise identified by Employer as Confidential
                  Information.

4.2               Developments. Those inventions, discoveries, improvements,
                  advances, methods, practices and techniques, concepts and
                  ideas, whether or not patentable, relating to Employer's
                  present and prospective activities and products.

5.                Developments, Confidential Information and Related Materials.

5.1               Assignment of Developments. Any and all Developments developed
                  by Employee (acting alone or in conjunction with others)
                  during the period of Employee's employment hereunder shall be
                  conclusively presumed to have been created for or on behalf of
                  Employer (or Employer's subsidiary or affiliate for which
                  Employee is working) as part of Employee's obligations to
                  Employer hereunder. Such Developments shall be the property
                  of, and belong to Employer (or Employer's subsidiary or
                  affiliate for which Employee is working) without the payment
                  of consideration therefor in addition to Employee's
                  compensation hereunder, and Employee hereby transfers, assigns
                  and conveys all of Employee's right, title and interest in any
                  such Developments to Employer (or Employer's subsidiary or
                  affiliate for which Employee is working) and agrees to execute
                  and deliver any documents that Employer deems necessary to
                  effect such transfer on the demand of Employer.

5.2               Restrictions on Use and Disclosure. Employee agrees not to use
                  or disclose at any time after the date hereof, except with the
                  prior written consent of an officer authorized to act in the
                  matter by the Board of Directors of Employer, any Confidential
                  Information which is or was obtained or acquired by Employee
                  while in the employ of Employer or any subsidiary or affiliate
                  of Employer, provided, however, that this provision shall not
                  preclude Employee from (i) the use or disclosure of such
                  information which presently is known generally to the public
                  or which subsequently comes into the public domain, other than
                  by way of disclosure in violation of this Agreement or in any
                  other unauthorized fashion, or (ii) disclosure of such
                  information required by law or court order, provided that
                  prior to such disclosure-required by law or court order
                  Employee will have given Employer three (3) business days'
                  written notice (or, if disclosure is required to be made in
                  less than three (3) business days, then such notice shall be
                  given as promptly as practicable after determination that
                  disclosure may be required) of the nature of the law or order
                  requiring disclosure and the disclosure to be made in
                  accordance therewith.

5.3               Return of Documents. Upon termination of Employee's employment
                  with Employer, Employee shall forthwith deliver to the Chief
                  Executive Officer of Employer all documents, customer lists
                  and related documents, price and procedure manuals and guides,
                  catalogs, records, notebooks and similar repositories of or
                  containing Confidential Information and/or Developments,
                  including all copies then in his possession or control whether
                  prepared by him or others.

6.                Miscellaneous.

6.1               Consent to Arbitration. Except for the equitable relief
                  provisions set forth in Section 6.2 below, Employer and
                  Employee agree to arbitrate any controversy or claim arising
                  out of this agreement or otherwise relating to Employee's
                  employment or the termination of employment or this Agreement,
                  in accordance with the provisions of the Mutual Agreement to
                  Arbitrate Claims, a copy of which is annexed hereto as Exhibit
                  A.

6.2               Equitable Relief. Employee acknowledges that any material
                  breach of any of the provisions of Sections 3 and/or 5 would
                  entail irreparable injury to Employer's goodwill and
                  jeopardize Employer's competitive position in the marketplace
                  or Confidential Information, or both, and that in addition to
                  Employer's other remedies, Employee consents and Employer
                  shall be entitled to, as a matter of right, to an injunction
                  issued by any court of competent jurisdiction restraining any
                  breach of Employee and/or those with whom Employee is acting
                  in concert and to other equitable relief to prevent any such
                  actual, intended or likely breach.

6.3               Survival. The provisions of Sections 3.2, 3.3, 4, 5 and 6
                  shall survive the termination of Employee's employment
                  hereunder.

6.4               Interpretation. If any court of competent jurisdiction or duly
                  constituted arbitration panel shall refuse to enforce any or
                  all of the provisions hereof because they are more extensive
                  (whether as to geographic scope, duration, activity, subject
                  or otherwise) than is reasonable, it is expressly understood
                  and agreed that such provisions shall not be void, but that
                  for the purpose of such proceedings and in such jurisdiction,
                  the restrictions contained herein shall be deemed reduced or
                  limited to the extent necessary to permit enforcement of such
                  provisions.

6.5               Succession. This Agreement shall extend to and be binding upon
                  Employee, his legal representatives, heirs and distributees
                  and upon Employer, its successors and assigns.

6.6               Entire Agreement. This Agreement and Exhibit A (Mutual
                  Agreement to Arbitrate Claims) contain the entire agreement of
                  the parties with respect to their subject matter and no
                  waiver, modification or change of any provisions hereof shall
                  be valid unless in writing and signed by the parties against
                  whom such claimed waiver, modification or change is sought to
                  be enforced. This Agreement supersedes and replaces all
                  previous employment agreements and employment-related
                  arrangements between Employee and Company, which Employee
                  hereby agrees are terminated as of and subject to the
                  occurrence of the Effective Time of the Merger except (i) that
                  certain Severance Agreement by and between Company and
                  Employee dated November 10, 1998, (ii) all stock options
                  granted to Employee by Company, and (iii) that certain
                  Executive Health Care Benefits and Consulting Agreement
                  between Company and Employee dated October 19, 2000.

6.7               Waiver of Breach. The waiver of any breach of any term or
                  condition of this Agreement shall not be deemed to constitute
                  a waiver of any other term or condition

                  of this Agreement.

6.8               Notices. All notices pursuant to this Agreement shall be in
                  writing and shall be given by registered or certified mail, or
                  the equivalent, return receipt requested, addressed to the
                  parties hereto at the addresses set forth above, or to such
                  addresses as may hereafter be specified by notice in writing
                  in the same manner by any party or parties.

6.9               Headings. Except for the headings in Section 4, the headings
                  of the sections and subsections are inserted for convenience
                  only and shall not be deemed to constitute a part hereof or to
                  affect the meaning thereof.

            IN WITNESS WHEREOF, parties have executed this Agreement effective
as of the day and year first above written.

                                             AVNET, INC.

                                             By      /s/ Raymond Sodowski

                                             Title     Senior VP & CFO

                                                       /s/ Larry Olson
                                                        Larry D. Olson

                                                                       EXHIBIT A

               MUTUAL AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE CLAIMS

      I recognize that differences may arise between [Alpha], Inc. ("the
Company") and me during or following my employment with the Company, and that
those differences may or may not be related to my employment. I understand and
agree that by entering into this Agreement to Arbitrate Claims ("Agreement"), I
anticipate gaining the benefits of a speedy, impartial dispute-resolution
procedure.

      Except as provided in this Agreement, the Federal Arbitration Act shall
govern the interpretation, enforcement and all proceedings pursuant to this
Agreement. To the extent that the Federal Arbitration Act is inapplicable,
applicable state law pertaining to agreements to arbitrate shall apply.

      I understand that any reference in this Agreement to the Company will be a
reference also to all divisions, subsidiaries and affiliates of the Company.
Additionally, except as otherwise provided herein, any reference to the Company
shall also include all benefit plans; the benefit plans' sponsors, fiduciaries,
administrators, affiliates; and all successors and assigns of any of them.

CLAIMS COVERED BY THE AGREEMENT

      The Company and I mutually consent to the resolution by arbitration of all
claims or controversies ("Claims"), whether or not arising out of my employment
(or its termination), that the Company may have against me or that I may have
against the Company or against its officers, directors, employees or agents in
their capacity as such or otherwise. The claims covered by this Agreement
include, but are not limited to, claims for wages or other compensation due;
claims for breach of any contract or covenant (express or implied); tort claims;
claims for discrimination and harassment (including, but not limited to, race,
sex, sexual orientation, religion, national origin, age, marital status, medical
condition, handicap or disability); claims for benefits (except where an
employee benefit or pension plan specifies that its claims procedure shall
culminate in an arbitration procedure different from this one); and claims for
violation of any federal, state, or other governmental law, statute, regulation
or ordinance, except claims excluded in the section entitled "Claims Not Covered
by the Agreement."

      Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, both the Company and I
agree that neither of us shall initiate or prosecute any lawsuit or
administrative action (other than an administrative charge of discrimination) in
any way related to any claim covered by this Agreement.

CLAIMS NOT COVERED BY THE AGREEMENT

      Claims I may have for workers' compensation or unemployment compensation
benefits are not covered by this Agreement.

      Also not covered are claims by the Company for injunctive and/or other
equitable relief including, but not limited to, claims for injunctive and/or
other equitable relief for unfair

competition and/or the use and/or unauthorized disclosure of trade secrets or
confidential information, as to which I understand and agree that the Company
may seek and obtain relief from a court of competent jurisdiction.

REQUIRED NOTICE OF ALL CLAIMS AND STATUTE OF LIMITATIONS

      The Company and I agree that the aggrieved party must give written notice
of any claim to the other party within one (1) year of the date the aggrieved
party first has knowledge of the event giving rise to the Claim; otherwise the
claim shall be void and deemed waived even if there is a federal or state
statute of limitations which would have given more time to pursue the Claim.

      Written notice to the Company, or its officers, directors, employees or
agents, shall be sent to its Chief Executive Officer at the Company's
then-current address. I will be given written notice at the last address
recorded in my personnel file.

      The written notice shall identify and describe the nature of all Claims
asserted and the facts upon which such Claims are based. The notice shall be
sent to the other party by certified or registered mail, return receipt
requested.

DISCOVERY

      Each party shall have the right to take the deposition of one individual
and any expert witness designated by another party. Each party also shall have
the right to propound requests for production of documents to any party.
Additional discovery may be had only where the panel of arbitrators selected
pursuant to this Agreement so order, upon a showing of substantial need.

      At least thirty (30) days before the arbitration, the parties must
exchange lists of witnesses, including any expert, and copies of all exhibits
intended to be used at the arbitration.

SUBPOENAS

      Each party shall have the right to subpoena witnesses and documents for
the arbitration.

ARBITRATION PROCEDURES

      The Company and I agree that, except as provided in this Agreement, any
arbitration shall be in accordance with the then-current Model Employment
Arbitration Procedures of the American Arbitration Association ("AAA") before a
panel of three arbitrators who are licensed to practice law in the state where
the arbitration is to take place (the "Panel"). The arbitration shall take place
in or near the city in which I am or was last employed by the Company.

      The Panel shall apply the substantive law (and the law of remedies, if
applicable) of the state in which the Claim arose, or federal law, or both, as
applicable to the Claim(s) asserted. The Federal Rules of Evidence shall apply.
The Panel, and not any federal, state, or local court or agency; shall have
exclusive authority to resolve any dispute relating to the interpretation,
applicability, enforceability or formation of this Agreement, including but not
limited to any

claim that all or any part of this Agreement is void or voidable. The Panel
shall render an award and opinion in the form typically rendered in labor
arbitrations. The arbitration shall be final and binding upon the parties.

      The Panel shall have jurisdiction to hear and rule on pre-hearing disputes
and is authorized to hold pre-hearing conferences by telephone or in person, as
the Panel deems necessary. The Panel shall have the authority to entertain a
motion to dismiss and/or a motion for summary judgment by any party and shall
apply the standards governing such motions under the Federal Rules of Civil
Procedure.

      Either party, at its expense, may arrange for and pay the cost of a court
reporter to provide a stenographic record of proceedings.

ARBITRATION FEES AND COSTS

      The Company and I shall equally share the fees and costs of the Panel.
Each party shall pay for its own costs and attorneys' fees, if any. However, if
any party prevails on a statutory claim which affords the prevailing party
attorneys' fees, or if there is a written agreement providing for fees, the
Panel may award reasonable fees to the prevailing party.

INTERSTATE COMMERCE

      I understand and agree that the Company is engaged in transactions
involving interstate commerce and that my employment involves such commerce.

REQUIREMENTS FOR MODIFICATION AND REVOCATION

      This Agreement to arbitrate shall survive the termination of my
employment. It can only be revoked or modified in writing signed by me and an
officer of the Company which specifically states an intent to revoke or modify
this Agreement.

SOLE AND ENTIRE AGREEMENT

      This is the complete agreement of the parties on the subject of
arbitration of disputes, except for any arbitration agreement in connection with
any pension or benefit plan. This Agreement supersedes any prior or
contemporaneous oral or written understanding on the subject. No party is
relying on any representations, oral or written, on the subject of the effect,
enforceability or meaning of this Agreement, except as specifically set forth in
this Agreement.

CONSTRUCTION

      If any provision of this Agreement is adjudged to be void or otherwise
unenforceable, in whole or in part, such adjudication shall not affect the
validity of the remainder of the Agreement.

CONSIDERATION

      The promises by the Company and by me to arbitrate differences, rather
than litigate

them before courts or other bodies, provide consideration for each other.

NOT AN EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

      This Agreement is not, and shall not be construed to create, any contract
of employment, express or implied. Nor does this Agreement in any way alter the
"at-will" status of my employment.

VOLUNTARY AGREEMENT

      I ACKNOWLEDGE THAT I HAVE CAREFULLY READ THIS AGREEMENT, THAT I UNDERSTAND
ITS TERMS, THAT ALL UNDERSTANDINGS AND AGREEMENTS BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND ME
RELATING TO THE SUBJECTS COVERED IN THE AGREEMENT ARE CONTAINED IN IT, AND THAT
I HAVE ENTERED INTO THE AGREEMENT VOLUNTARILY AND NOT IN RELIANCE ON ANY
PROMISES OR REPRESENTATIONS BY THE COMPANY OTHER THAN THOSE CONTAINED IN THIS
AGREEMENT ITSELF.

      I UNDERSTAND THAT BY SIGNING THIS AGREEMENT I AM GIVING UP MY RIGHT TO A
JURY TRIAL.

      I FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGE THAT I HAVE BEEN GIVEN THE OPPORTUNITY TO DISCUSS
THIS AGREEMENT WITH MY PRIVATE LEGAL COUNSEL AND HAVE AVAILED MYSELF OF THAT
OPPORTUNITY TO THE EXTENT I WISH TO DO SO.

EMPLOYEE                             AVNET, INC.

- ---------------------------------    ------------------------------------------
Signature of Employee                Signature of Authorized Company
                                     Representative

- ---------------------------------    ------------------------------------------
Print Name of Employee               Title of Representative

- ---------------------------------    ------------------------------------------
Date                                 Date

EX-2.6

p64859ex2-6.txt

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

                                                                     EXHIBIT 2.6

            AGREEMENT effective as of March 21, 2001 between Avnet, Inc., a New
York corporation with a principal place of business at 2211 South 47th Street,
Phoenix, Arizona 85034 ("Employer") and Mark A. Zerbe, having an office at 7433
Harwin Drive, Houston, Texas 77036 ("Employee"). Employer intends to enter into
an Agreement and Plan of Merger ("Merger Agreement") among Employer, Alpha
Acquisition Corp. ("Buyer") and Kent Electronics Corporation, a Texas
corporation ("Company") to be dated the date hereof whereby Employer's
subsidiary Buyer is to be merged (the "Merger") with and into Company, with
Company (as the surviving corporation of the Merger) to become a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Employer. Subject to and effective upon the Closing of the Merger
Agreement, this Agreement will supersede and replace all previous employment
agreements and employment-related arrangements between Company and Employee,
except as set forth in Subsection 6.6.

                              W I T N E S S E T H :

1.                Employment, Salary, Benefits:

1.1               Employment. Subject to the Closing of the Merger Agreement,
                  Employer agrees to employ Employee and Employee agrees to
                  accept employment upon the terms and conditions hereinafter
                  set forth.

1.2               Term. Employee's employment pursuant to this Agreement shall
                  commence at the Effective Time of the Merger and, subject to
                  earlier termination as provided herein, shall be terminated on
                  the date which is two years after the Effective Time.

1.3               Duties. Employee is hereby engaged in an executive capacity
                  and shall perform such duties for Employer, or Employer's
                  subsidiaries, divisions and operating units as may be assigned
                  to him from time to time by the Chief Executive Officer of
                  Employer. Employee is intended to be engaged at the
                  commencement of this Agreement as head of the Datacomm
                  division of the Computer Marketing Group. If Employee is
                  elected an officer or a director of Employer or any subsidiary
                  or division thereof, he shall serve as such without additional
                  compensation.

1.4               Compensation. For all services to be rendered by Employee and
                  for all covenants undertaken by him pursuant to the Agreement,
                  Employer shall pay and Employee shall accept compensation as
                  set forth in the income plan (including base salary and
                  incentive compensation) as agreed upon from time to time
                  between Employer and Employee, provided that the parties agree
                  that Employee's base salary at commencement shall not be less
                  than $275,000 per annum and incentive compensation not less
                  than $175,000.

1.5               Compensation on Termination. If the termination of this
                  Agreement occurs other than at the end of a fiscal year of
                  Employer the compensation payable to Employee (including base
                  salary and incentive compensation) shall bear the same ratio
                  to a full fiscal year's remuneration as the number of days for
                  which employee shall be entitled to remuneration bears to 365
                  days. Upon termination of this Agreement by Employer without
                  cause prior to the end of the term described in Subsection
                  1.2, Employee shall continue to receive payment of base salary
                  and incentive compensation and continued

                  Employer-paid participation in medical and life insurance
                  benefits throughout the remainder of the term.

1.6               Additional Benefits. In addition to the compensation described
                  in Subsection 1.4, Employee shall be entitled to vacation,
                  insurance, retirement and other benefits as are afforded to
                  personnel of Employer's United States based Electronics
                  Marketing Group operating units generally and which are in
                  effect from time to time. It is understood that Employer does
                  not by reason of this Agreement obligate itself to provide any
                  such benefits to such personnel.

2.                Early Termination.

2.1               Death or Disability. Employee's employment hereunder shall
                  terminate on the date of Employee's death or upon Employee
                  suffering mental or physical injury, illness or capacity which
                  renders him unable to perform his customary duties hereunder
                  on a full-time basis for a period of 365 substantially
                  consecutive days on the 365th such day. The opinion of a
                  medical doctor licensed to practice in the State of Texas (or
                  such other state wherein Employee then resides) and having
                  Board certification in his field of specialization or the
                  receipt of or entitlement of Employee to disability benefits
                  under any policy of insurance provided or made available by
                  Employer or under Federal Social Security laws, shall be
                  conclusive evidence of such disability.

2.2               Cause. Employee's employment hereunder may also be terminated
                  by Employer at any time prior to the expiration of the term
                  hereof without notice for cause, including, but not limited
                  to, Employee's gross misconduct, breach of any material term
                  of this Agreement, willful breach, habitual neglect or wanton
                  disregard of his duties, or conviction of any criminal act.

3.                Competitive Employment.

3.1               Full time. Employee shall devote his full time, best efforts,
                  attention and energies to the business and affairs of Employer
                  and shall not, during the term of his employment, be engaged
                  in any other activity which, in the sole judgment of Employer,
                  will interfere with the performance of his duties hereunder.

3.2               Non-Competition. While employed by Employer or any subsidiary,
                  division or operating unit of Employer, Employee shall not,
                  without the written consent of the Chief Executive Officer of
                  Employer, directly or indirectly (whether through his spouse,
                  child or parent, other legal entity or otherwise): own,
                  manage, operate, join, control, participate in, invest in, or
                  otherwise be connected with, in any manner, whether as an
                  officer, director, employee, partner, investor, shareholder,
                  consultant, lender or otherwise, any business entity which is
                  engaged in, or is in any way related to or competitive with
                  the business of Employer; provided, however, notwithstanding
                  the foregoing, Employee shall not be prohibited from owning,
                  directly or indirectly, up to 5% of the outstanding equity
                  interests of any company or entity the stock or other entity
                  interests of which is publicly traded on a national securities
                  exchange or on the NASDAQ over-the-counter market.

3.3               Non-Solicitation. Employee further agrees that he will not, at
                  any time while employed by Employer or any subsidiary,
                  division or operating unit of Employer and for a period of one
                  year after the termination of employment with Employer,
                  without the written consent of an officer authorized to act in
                  the matter by the Board of Directors of Employer, directly or
                  indirectly, on Employee's behalf or on behalf of any person or
                  entity, induce or attempt to induce any employee of Employer
                  or any subsidiary or affiliate of Employer (collectively the
                  "Employer Group") or any individual who was an employee of the
                  Employer Group during the one (1) year prior to the date of
                  such inducement, to leave the employ of the Employer Group or
                  to become employed by any person other than members of the
                  Employer Group or offer or provide employment to any such
                  employee.

4.                Definitions.

                  The words and phrases set forth below shall have the meanings
                  as indicated:

4.1               Confidential Information. That confidential business
                  information of the Employer, whether or not discovered,
                  developed, or known by Employee as a consequence of his
                  employment with Employer. Without limiting the generality of
                  the foregoing, Confidential Information shall include
                  information concerning customer identity, needs, buying
                  practices and patterns, sales and management techniques,
                  employee effectiveness and compensation information, supply
                  and inventory techniques, manufacturing processes and
                  techniques, product design and configuration, market
                  strategies, profit and loss information, sources of supply,
                  product cost, gross margins, credit and other sales terms and
                  conditions. Confidential Information shall also include, but
                  not be limited to, information contained in Employer's
                  manuals, memoranda, price lists, computer programs (such as
                  inventory control, billing, collection, etc.) and records,
                  whether or not designated, legended or otherwise identified by
                  Employer as Confidential Information.

4.2               Developments. Those inventions, discoveries, improvements,
                  advances, methods, practices and techniques, concepts and
                  ideas, whether or not patentable, relating to Employer's
                  present and prospective activities and products.

5.                Developments, Confidential Information and Related Materials.

5.1               Assignment of Developments. Any and all Developments developed
                  by Employee (acting alone or in conjunction with others)
                  during the period of Employee's employment hereunder shall be
                  conclusively presumed to have been created for or on behalf of
                  Employer (or Employer's subsidiary or affiliate for which
                  Employee is working) as part of Employee's obligations to
                  Employer hereunder. Such Developments shall be the property
                  of, and belong to Employer (or Employer's subsidiary or
                  affiliate for which Employee is working) without the payment
                  of consideration therefor in addition to Employee's
                  compensation hereunder, and Employee hereby transfers, assigns
                  and conveys all of Employee's right, title and interest in any
                  such Developments to Employer (or Employer's subsidiary or
                  affiliate for which Employee is working) and agrees to execute
                  and deliver any documents

                  that Employer deems necessary to effect such transfer on the
                  demand of Employer.

5.2               Restrictions on Use and Disclosure. Employee agrees not to use
                  or disclose at any time after the date hereof, except with the
                  prior written consent of an officer authorized to act in the
                  matter by the Board of Directors of Employer, any Confidential
                  Information which is or was obtained or acquired by Employee
                  while in the employ of Employer or any subsidiary or affiliate
                  of Employer, provided, however, that this provision shall not
                  preclude Employee from (i) the use or disclosure of such
                  information which presently is known generally to the public
                  or which subsequently comes into the public domain, other than
                  by way of disclosure in violation of this Agreement or in any
                  other unauthorized fashion, or (ii) disclosure of such
                  information required by law or court order, provided that
                  prior to such disclosure-required by law or court order
                  Employee will have given Employer three (3) business days'
                  written notice (or, if disclosure is required to be made in
                  less than three (3) business days, then such notice shall be
                  given as promptly as practicable after determination that
                  disclosure may be required) of the nature of the law or order
                  requiring disclosure and the disclosure to be made in
                  accordance therewith.

5.3               Return of Documents. Upon termination of Employee's employment
                  with Employer, Employee shall forthwith deliver to the Chief
                  Executive Officer of Employer all documents, customer lists
                  and related documents, price and procedure manuals and guides,
                  catalogs, records, notebooks and similar repositories of or
                  containing Confidential Information and/or Developments,
                  including all copies then in his possession or control whether
                  prepared by him or others.

6.                Miscellaneous.

6.1               Consent to Arbitration. Except for the equitable relief
                  provisions set forth in Section 6.2 below, Employer and
                  Employee agree to arbitrate any controversy or claim arising
                  out of this agreement or otherwise relating to Employee's
                  employment or the termination of employment or this Agreement,
                  in accordance with the provisions of the Mutual Agreement to
                  Arbitrate Claims, a copy of which is annexed hereto as Exhibit
                  A.

6.2               Equitable Relief. Employee acknowledges that any material
                  breach of any of the provisions of Sections 3 and/or 5 would
                  entail irreparable injury to Employer's goodwill and
                  jeopardize Employer's competitive position in the marketplace
                  or Confidential Information, or both, and that in addition to
                  Employer's other remedies, Employee consents and Employer
                  shall be entitled to, as a matter of right, to an injunction
                  issued by any court of competent jurisdiction restraining any
                  breach of Employee and/or those with whom Employee is acting
                  in concert and to other equitable relief to prevent any such
                  actual, intended or likely breach.

6.3               Survival. The provisions of Sections 3.2, 3.3, 4, 5 and 6
                  shall survive the termination of Employee's employment
                  hereunder.

6.4               Interpretation. If any court of competent jurisdiction or duly
                  constituted arbitration

                  panel shall refuse to enforce any or all of the provisions
                  hereof because they are more extensive (whether as to
                  geographic scope, duration, activity, subject or otherwise)
                  than is reasonable, it is expressly understood and agreed that
                  such provisions shall not be void, but that for the purpose of
                  such proceedings and in such jurisdiction, the restrictions
                  contained herein shall be deemed reduced or limited to the
                  extent necessary to permit enforcement of such provisions.

6.5               Succession. This Agreement shall extend to and be binding upon
                  Employee, his legal representatives, heirs and distributees
                  and upon Employer, its successors and assigns.

6.6               Entire Agreement. This Agreement and Exhibit A (Mutual
                  Agreement to Arbitrate Claims) contain the entire agreement of
                  the parties with respect to their subject matter and no
                  waiver, modification or change of any provisions hereof shall
                  be valid unless in writing and signed by the parties against
                  whom such claimed waiver, modification or change is sought to
                  be enforced. This Agreement supersedes and replaces all
                  previous employment agreements and employment-related
                  arrangements between Employee and Company, which Employee
                  hereby agrees are terminated as of and subject to the
                  occurrence of the Effective Time of the Merger except for (i)
                  that certain Severance Agreement between Company and Employee
                  dated November 11, 1998, and (ii) all stock options granted to
                  Employee by Company.

6.7               Waiver of Breach. The waiver of any breach of any term or
                  condition of this Agreement shall not be deemed to constitute
                  a waiver of any other term or condition of this Agreement.

6.8               Notices. All notices pursuant to this Agreement shall be in
                  writing and shall be given by registered or certified mail, or
                  the equivalent, return receipt requested, addressed to the
                  parties hereto at the addresses set forth above, or to such
                  addresses as may hereafter be specified by notice in writing
                  in the same manner by any party or parties.

6.9               Headings. Except for the headings in Section 4, the headings
                  of the sections and subsections are inserted for convenience
                  only and shall not be deemed to constitute a part hereof or to
                  affect the meaning thereof.

            IN WITNESS WHEREOF, parties have executed this Agreement effective
as of the day and year first above written.

                                             AVNET, INC.

                                             By   /s/ Raymond Sodowski

                                             Title    Senior VP & CFO

                                                       /s/ Mark Zerbe
                                                        Mark A. Zerbe

                                                                       EXHIBIT A

               MUTUAL AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE CLAIMS

      I recognize that differences may arise between [Alpha], Inc. ("the
Company") and me during or following my employment with the Company, and that
those differences may or may not be related to my employment. I understand and
agree that by entering into this Agreement to Arbitrate Claims ("Agreement"), I
anticipate gaining the benefits of a speedy, impartial dispute-resolution
procedure.

      Except as provided in this Agreement, the Federal Arbitration Act shall
govern the interpretation, enforcement and all proceedings pursuant to this
Agreement. To the extent that the Federal Arbitration Act is inapplicable,
applicable state law pertaining to agreements to arbitrate shall apply.

      I understand that any reference in this Agreement to the Company will be a
reference also to all divisions, subsidiaries and affiliates of the Company.
Additionally, except as otherwise provided herein, any reference to the Company
shall also include all benefit plans; the benefit plans' sponsors, fiduciaries,
administrators, affiliates; and all successors and assigns of any of them.

CLAIMS COVERED BY THE AGREEMENT

      The Company and I mutually consent to the resolution by arbitration of all
claims or controversies ("Claims"), whether or not arising out of my employment
(or its termination), that the Company may have against me or that I may have
against the Company or against its officers, directors, employees or agents in
their capacity as such or otherwise. The claims covered by this Agreement
include, but are not limited to, claims for wages or other compensation due;
claims for breach of any contract or covenant (express or implied); tort claims;
claims for discrimination and harassment (including, but not limited to, race,
sex, sexual orientation, religion, national origin, age, marital status, medical
condition, handicap or disability); claims for benefits (except where an
employee benefit or pension plan specifies that its claims procedure shall
culminate in an arbitration procedure different from this one); and claims for
violation of any federal, state, or other governmental law, statute, regulation
or ordinance, except claims excluded in the section entitled "Claims Not Covered
by the Agreement."

      Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, both the Company and I
agree that neither of us shall initiate or prosecute any lawsuit or
administrative action (other than an administrative charge of discrimination) in
any way related to any claim covered by this Agreement.

CLAIMS NOT COVERED BY THE AGREEMENT

      Claims I may have for workers' compensation or unemployment compensation
benefits are not covered by this Agreement.

      Also not covered are claims by the Company for injunctive and/or other
equitable relief including, but not limited to, claims for injunctive and/or
other equitable relief for unfair

competition and/or the use and/or unauthorized disclosure of trade secrets or
confidential information, as to which I understand and agree that the Company
may seek and obtain relief from a court of competent jurisdiction.

REQUIRED NOTICE OF ALL CLAIMS AND STATUTE OF LIMITATIONS

      The Company and I agree that the aggrieved party must give written notice
of any claim to the other party within one (1) year of the date the aggrieved
party first has knowledge of the event giving rise to the Claim; otherwise the
claim shall be void and deemed waived even if there is a federal or state
statute of limitations which would have given more time to pursue the Claim.

      Written notice to the Company, or its officers, directors, employees or
agents, shall be sent to its Chief Executive Officer at the Company's
then-current address. I will be given written notice at the last address
recorded in my personnel file.

      The written notice shall identify and describe the nature of all Claims
asserted and the facts upon which such Claims are based. The notice shall be
sent to the other party by certified or registered mail, return receipt
requested.

DISCOVERY

      Each party shall have the right to take the deposition of one individual
and any expert witness designated by another party. Each party also shall have
the right to propound requests for production of documents to any party.
Additional discovery may be had only where the panel of arbitrators selected
pursuant to this Agreement so order, upon a showing of substantial need.

      At least thirty (30) days before the arbitration, the parties must
exchange lists of witnesses, including any expert, and copies of all exhibits
intended to be used at the arbitration.

SUBPOENAS

      Each party shall have the right to subpoena witnesses and documents for
the arbitration.

ARBITRATION PROCEDURES

      The Company and I agree that, except as provided in this Agreement, any
arbitration shall be in accordance with the then-current Model Employment
Arbitration Procedures of the American Arbitration Association ("AAA") before a
panel of three arbitrators who are licensed to practice law in the state where
the arbitration is to take place (the "Panel"). The arbitration shall take place
in or near the city in which I am or was last employed by the Company.

      The Panel shall apply the substantive law (and the law of remedies, if
applicable) of the state in which the Claim arose, or federal law, or both, as
applicable to the Claim(s) asserted. The Federal Rules of Evidence shall apply.
The Panel, and not any federal, state, or local court or agency; shall have
exclusive authority to resolve any dispute relating to the interpretation,
applicability, enforceability or formation of this Agreement, including but not
limited to any

claim that all or any part of this Agreement is void or voidable. The Panel
shall render an award and opinion in the form typically rendered in labor
arbitrations. The arbitration shall be final and binding upon the parties.

      The Panel shall have jurisdiction to hear and rule on pre-hearing disputes
and is authorized to hold pre-hearing conferences by telephone or in person, as
the Panel deems necessary. The Panel shall have the authority to entertain a
motion to dismiss and/or a motion for summary judgment by any party and shall
apply the standards governing such motions under the Federal Rules of Civil
Procedure.

      Either party, at its expense, may arrange for and pay the cost of a court
reporter to provide a stenographic record of proceedings.

ARBITRATION FEES AND COSTS

      The Company and I shall equally share the fees and costs of the Panel.
Each party shall pay for its own costs and attorneys' fees, if any. However, if
any party prevails on a statutory claim which affords the prevailing party
attorneys' fees, or if there is a written agreement providing for fees, the
Panel may award reasonable fees to the prevailing party.

INTERSTATE COMMERCE

      I understand and agree that the Company is engaged in transactions
involving interstate commerce and that my employment involves such commerce.

REQUIREMENTS FOR MODIFICATION AND REVOCATION

      This Agreement to arbitrate shall survive the termination of my
employment. It can only be revoked or modified in writing signed by me and an
officer of the Company which specifically states an intent to revoke or modify
this Agreement.

SOLE AND ENTIRE AGREEMENT

      This is the complete agreement of the parties on the subject of
arbitration of disputes, except for any arbitration agreement in connection with
any pension or benefit plan. This Agreement supersedes any prior or
contemporaneous oral or written understanding on the subject. No party is
relying on any representations, oral or written, on the subject of the effect,
enforceability or meaning of this Agreement, except as specifically set forth in
this Agreement.

CONSTRUCTION

      If any provision of this Agreement is adjudged to be void or otherwise
unenforceable, in whole or in part, such adjudication shall not affect the
validity of the remainder of the Agreement.

CONSIDERATION

      The promises by the Company and by me to arbitrate differences, rather
than litigate

them before courts or other bodies, provide consideration for each other.

NOT AN EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

      This Agreement is not, and shall not be construed to create, any contract
of employment, express or implied. Nor does this Agreement in any way alter the
"at-will" status of my employment.

VOLUNTARY AGREEMENT

      I ACKNOWLEDGE THAT I HAVE CAREFULLY READ THIS AGREEMENT, THAT I UNDERSTAND
ITS TERMS, THAT ALL UNDERSTANDINGS AND AGREEMENTS BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND ME
RELATING TO THE SUBJECTS COVERED IN THE AGREEMENT ARE CONTAINED IN IT, AND THAT
I HAVE ENTERED INTO THE AGREEMENT VOLUNTARILY AND NOT IN RELIANCE ON ANY
PROMISES OR REPRESENTATIONS BY THE COMPANY OTHER THAN THOSE CONTAINED IN THIS
AGREEMENT ITSELF.

      I UNDERSTAND THAT BY SIGNING THIS AGREEMENT I AM GIVING UP MY RIGHT TO A
JURY TRIAL.

      I FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGE THAT I HAVE BEEN GIVEN THE OPPORTUNITY TO DISCUSS
THIS AGREEMENT WITH MY PRIVATE LEGAL COUNSEL AND HAVE AVAILED MYSELF OF THAT
OPPORTUNITY TO THE EXTENT I WISH TO DO SO.

EMPLOYEE                             AVNET, INC.

- ---------------------------------    ------------------------------------------
Signature of Employee                Signature of Authorized Company
                                     Representative

- ---------------------------------    ------------------------------------------
Print Name of Employee               Title of Representative

- ---------------------------------    ------------------------------------------
Date                                 Date

EX-2.7

p64859ex2-7.txt

AMENDMENT NO. 3 TO EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

                                                                     Exhibit 2.7

                     AMENDMENT NO. 3 TO EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

         This Amendment No. 3 to Employment Agreement (this "Amendment") is
entered into by and among Morrie K. Abramson ("Employee"), Rolaine S. Abramson
and Kent Electronics Corporation, a Texas corporation (the "Company"), as of
March 21, 2001.

         WHEREAS, Employee and the Company entered into the Employment Agreement
dated as of January 3, 1996, as amended (the "Employment Agreement"), pursuant
to an Amendment No. 1 to Employment Agreement dated as of August 18, 1997, and
Amendment No. 2 to Employment Agreement dated as of November 10, 1998;

         WHEREAS, capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the
meanings given to them in the Employment Agreement,

         WHEREAS, the Company has been in negotiations with Avnet, Inc.
("Avnet") regarding the possible merger of the Company with Avnet, on
substantially the terms described in the draft Agreement and Plan of Merger (the
"Merger Agreement") among the Company, Avnet, and Avnet Acquisition Corp, a
wholly-owned subsidiary of Avnet ("Sub");

         WHEREAS, pursuant to the Merger Agreement, and subject to certain terms
and conditions of the Merger Agreement, Sub is to be merged with and into the
Company, whereby the separate corporate existence of Sub will cease, and the
Company will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of Avnet (the "Merger");

         WHEREAS, under the Employment Agreement, Employee is entitled to
certain annual payments following termination of his employment with the Company
(the "Termination Payments"), such payments to be adjusted annually for
inflation;

         WHEREAS, pursuant to the Employment Agreement, Employee may require the
Company to pay him a lump sum amount sufficient to purchase a fully paid annuity
contract issued by an insurance company acceptable to Employee, providing for
the payment to Employee of the Termination Payments;

         WHEREAS, the Company has not been able to identify acceptable insurance
products, with an appropriate inflation adjustment, to provide the Termination
Payments to Employee;

         WHEREAS, at the request of Avnet in conjunction with the proposed
Merger, the Company, after due consideration, deems it appropriate to fix the
annual adjustment for inflation applicable to the Termination Payments; and

         WHEREAS, the historic inflation rate for the past 28 years has been
approximately 5%, and the anticipated term of the annuity benefits under the
Employment Agreement, based on the actuarial life expectancies of Employee and
Employee's Spouse, is approximately 28 years, the

Company deems it reasonable and appropriate to amend the Employment Agreement to
reflect a 5% annual rate of inflation with respect to the Termination Payments
after January 1, 2001, instead of the formula included therein;

         NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of Ten Dollars and other good and
valuable consideration and the mutual agreements made herein, the receipt and
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows:

         1. Conditioned on the consummation of the Merger and the transactions
contemplated by the Merger Agreement, Section 4.4 of the Employment Agreement is
hereby amended to read in its entirety as follows:

                  4.4 Benefits Following Termination of Employment.

                           (a) Upon the termination of Employee's employment by
         the Company, whether due to death, Disability, resignation, whether or
         not for Good Reason, or discharge, whether or not for Just Cause, the
         Company shall, commencing on the first day of the month following the
         date of the termination of Employee's employment, pay, or cause to be
         paid, to Employee in equal monthly installments the sum of $750,000 per
         year (the "Annual Amount"), for a period equal to the greater of (x) 15
         years, (y) the life of Employee, or (z) the life of Rolaine S. Abramson
         so long as she is married to Employee at the date of Employee's death
         ("Employee's Spouse"); provided, however, that in the event of the
         termination of Employee's employment due to death or Disability prior
         to March 31, 2001, the Annual Amount described above shall equal
         $950,000 until March 31, 2001, after which time the Annual Amount shall
         equal $750,000; and provided further that Employee shall not be
         entitled to any amounts under this Section 4.4 if Employee's employment
         is terminated prior to a Change in Control for Just Cause or without
         Good Reason. In addition, until January 1, 2001, the Annual Amount
         shall be adjusted annually to reflect increases in the cost of living
         after the date hereof, as measured by the Consumer Price Index ("CPI")
         for all urban consumers calculated by the Bureau of Labor Statistics
         (or any successor or replacement index), after which time the Annual
         Amount shall be increased at a rate of five percent (5%) per annum.

                           (i) If Employee shall die before Employee's Spouse
         and Employee's Spouse is married to Employee at the date of Employee's
         death, whether before or after the payments of the Annual Amount
         described above shall have commenced, then the Annual Amount shall be
         paid in monthly installments to Employee's Spouse. If Employee's Spouse
         then dies before all amounts required to be paid have been paid, then,
         upon the death of Employee's Spouse, any remaining payments of the
         Annual Amount shall be made to the personal representative of the
         estate of Employee's Spouse, to pass as a part thereof.

                           (ii) If Employee's Spouse shall die before Employee,
         then any community property interest of Employee's Spouse in this
         Agreement shall vest in Employee. If Employee then dies before all
         amounts required to be paid have been paid, then, upon Employee's
         death, any remaining payments of the Annual Amount shall be

         made to Employee's beneficiary designated in writing to the Company by
         Employee, or in the absence thereof, to the personal representative of
         the estate of Employee, to pass as a part thereof.

                           (b) Upon the termination of Employee's employment by
         the Company, whether due to death, Disability, resignation (whether or
         not for Good Reason) or discharge (whether or not for Just Cause), the
         Company shall secure its obligations under this Section 4.4 as
         described below. In the case of a termination of Employee's employment
         (whether or not after any Change in Control), the Company shall pay to
         Employee cash in an amount sufficient to permit Employee to purchase a
         fully paid annuity contract issued by an insurance company acceptable
         to Employee, in his sole discretion, providing for the payment to
         Employee of the amounts required to be paid pursuant to this Section
         4.4 ("Section 4.4 Payments"), and shall also pay to Employee cash in an
         amount sufficient to pay Employee's income taxes (calculated at the
         highest marginal federal income tax rate and after taking into account
         any applicable surtaxes and other generally applicable taxes which
         would have the effect of increasing the marginal federal income tax
         rate, and, if applicable, at the highest marginal state income tax rate
         in effect in the State of Texas) payable upon receipt of any such
         annuity contract (which payment of income taxes and its effect on the
         taxability of the payments under the annuity contract shall be taken
         into account in establishing the annuity contract, which will be
         designed to provide Employee with the same after-tax benefit that he
         would have received if the Company directly made the Section 4.4
         Payments assuming the highest federal and Texas marginal income tax
         rates in effect at the time of the establishment of the annuity).

                           (c) Upon the effective date of this Agreement, the
         Company shall establish a "rabbi trust" for the benefit of Employee
         into which there shall be contributed by the Company cash in an amount
         sufficient to purchase the annuity contract and pay the anticipated
         income taxes contemplated by the preceding subparagraph (b) upon the
         termination of Employee's employment at any time during the term of
         this Agreement without any regard as to whether such termination is for
         Just Cause or without Good Reason prior to a Change in Control. Any
         instruments establishing such rabbi trust shall in all respects be
         satisfactory in form and substance to Employee and his counsel.

         2. The parties agree that based on the foregoing proposed amendments, a
payment of $25,068,000, concurrent with the closing of the Merger, would satisfy
in full the Company's obligations under Section 4.4 of the Employment Agreement;
provided however, that such payment in full shall not impair or otherwise affect
Employee's entitlement to other compensation and benefits under the Employment
Agreement, including, without limitation, Bonus Payments to hold Employee
harmless from the adverse effects of the excise taxes imposed by Section 4999 of
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, amended.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Amendment as
of the date first written above.

                           /s/ Morrie K. Abramson
                         -----------------------------------------------------
                         Morrie K. Abramson

                           /s/ Rolaine S. Abramson
                         -----------------------------------------------------
                         Rolaine S. Abramson

                         KENT ELECTRONICS CORPORATION

                         By:  /s/ Larry D. Olson
                            --------------------------------------------------
                                Larry D. Olson
                                President and Chief Executive Officer

EX-2.8

p64859ex2-8.txt

AMENDMENT NO. 1

                                                                     Exhibit 2.8

                     AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO CONSULTING AGREEMENT

         This Amendment No. 1 to Consulting Agreement (this "Amendment") is
entered into as of March 21, 2001, but effective as of April 1, 2001 by and
among Morrie K. Abramson ("Consultant") and Kent Electronics Corporation, a
Texas corporation (the "Company").

         WHEREAS, Consultant and the Company entered into the Consulting
Agreement dated effective as of April 1, 2001 (the "Consulting Agreement");

         WHEREAS, capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the
meanings given to them in the Consulting Agreement,

         WHEREAS, the Company has been in negotiations with Avnet, Inc.
("Avnet") regarding the possible merger of the Company with Avnet, on
substantially the terms described in the draft Agreement and Plan of Merger (the
"Merger Agreement") among the Company, Avnet, and Avnet Acquisition Corp., a
wholly-owned subsidiary of Avnet ("Sub");

         WHEREAS, pursuant to the Merger Agreement, and subject to certain terms
and conditions of the Merger Agreement, Sub is to be merged with and into the
Company, whereby the separate corporate existence of Sub will cease, and the
Company will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of Avnet (the "Merger");

         WHEREAS, under the Consulting Agreement, Consultant is entitled to
certain annual payments following termination of his engagement with the Company
(the "Termination Payments"), such payments to be adjusted annually for
inflation;

         WHEREAS, pursuant to the Consulting Agreement, Consultant may require
the Company to pay him a lump sum amount sufficient to purchase a fully paid
annuity contract issued by an insurance company acceptable to Consultant,
providing for the payment to Consultant of the Termination Payments;

         WHEREAS, the Company has not been able to identify acceptable insurance
products with an appropriate inflation adjustment to provide the Termination
Payments to Consultant;

         WHEREAS, at the request of Avnet in conjunction with the proposed
Merger, the Company, after due consideration, deems it appropriate to fix the
annual adjustment for inflation applicable to the Termination Payments; and

         WHEREAS, the historic inflation rate for the past 28 years has been
approximately 5%, and the anticipated term of the annuity benefits under the
Consulting Agreement, based on the actuarial life expectancies of Consultant and
Consultant's Spouse, is approximately 28 years, the Company deems it reasonable
and appropriate to amend the Consulting Agreement to reflect a 5% annual rate of
inflation with respect to the Termination Payments, instead of the formula
included therein;

         NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of Ten Dollars and other good and
valuable consideration and the mutual agreements made herein, the receipt and
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows:

         1. Conditioned on the consummation of the Merger and the transactions
contemplated by the Merger Agreement, Section 3.4 of the Consulting Agreement is
hereby amended to read in its entirety as follows:

                  3.4      Benefits Following Termination of Engagement.

                           (a) As additional consideration for Consultant's
         services hereunder, upon the termination of Consultant's engagement by
         the Company, due to death, Disability, termination by the Consultant
         (whether or not for Good Reason), or termination by the Company
         (whether or not for Just Cause), the Company shall, commencing on the
         first day of the month following the date of the termination of
         Consultant's engagement, pay, or cause to be paid, to Consultant in
         equal monthly installments, an annual amount equal to $250,000 per year
         (the "Additional Annual Amount"), for a period equal to the greater of
         (x) 15 years, (y) the life of Consultant, or (z) the life of Rolaine S.
         Abramson so long as she is married to Consultant at the date of
         Consultant's death ("Consultant's Spouse"); and provided further that
         Consultant shall not be entitled to any amounts under this Section 3.4
         if Consultant's engagement is terminated prior to a Change in Control
         for Just Cause or without Good Reason. In addition, the Additional
         Annual Amount shall be increased annually to reflect increases in the
         cost of living after the date of termination of Consultant's engagement
         by the Company, at a rate of five percent (5%) per annum.

                                    (i) If Consultant shall die before
                  Consultant's Spouse and Consultant's Spouse is married to
                  Consultant at the date of Consultant's death, whether before
                  or after the payments of the Additional Annual Amount
                  described above shall have commenced, then the Additional
                  Annual Amount shall be paid in monthly installments to
                  Consultant's Spouse. If Consultant's Spouse then dies before
                  all amounts required to be paid have been paid, then, upon the
                  death of Consultant's Spouse, any remaining payments of the
                  Additional Annual Amount shall be made to the personal
                  representative of the estate of Consultant's Spouse, to pass
                  as a part thereof.

                                    (ii) If Consultant's Spouse shall die before
                  Consultant, then any community property interest of
                  Consultant's Spouse in this Agreement shall vest in
                  Consultant. If Consultant then dies before all amounts
                  required to be paid have been paid, then, upon Consultant's
                  death, any remaining payments of the Additional Annual Amount
                  shall be made to Consultant's beneficiary designated in
                  writing to the Company by Consultant, or in the absence
                  thereof, to the personal representative of the estate of
                  Consultant, to pass as a part thereof.

                           (b) Upon the termination of Consultant's engagement
         by the Company, whether due to death, Disability, resignation (whether
         or not for Good Reason) or discharge (whether or not for Just Cause),
         the Company shall secure its obligations under this Section 3.4 as
         described below. In the case of a termination of Consultant's
         engagement (whether or not after any Change in Control), the Company
         shall pay to Consultant cash in an amount sufficient to permit
         Consultant to purchase a fully paid annuity contract issued by an
         insurance company acceptable to Consultant, in his sole discretion,
         providing for the payment to Consultant of the amounts required to be
         paid pursuant to this Section 3.4 ("Section 3.4 Payments"), and shall
         also pay to Consultant cash in an amount sufficient to pay Consultant's
         income taxes (calculated at the highest marginal federal income tax
         rate and after taking into account any applicable surtaxes and other
         generally applicable taxes which would have the effect of increasing
         the marginal federal income tax rate, and, if applicable, at the
         highest marginal state income tax rate in effect in the State of Texas)
         payable upon receipt of any such annuity contract (which payment of
         income taxes and its effect on the taxability of the payments under the
         annuity contract shall be taken into account in establishing the
         annuity contract, which will be designed to provide Consultant with the
         same after-tax benefit that he would have received if the Company
         directly made the Section 3.4 Payments assuming the highest federal and
         Texas marginal income tax rates in effect at the time of the
         establishment of the annuity).

                           (c) Upon the effective date of this Agreement, on the
         request of the Consultant the Company shall establish a "rabbi trust"
         for the benefit of Consultant into which there shall be contributed by
         the Company cash in an amount sufficient to purchase the annuity
         contract and pay the anticipated income taxes contemplated by the
         preceding paragraph (b) upon the termination of Consultant's engagement
         at any time during the term of this Agreement without any regard as to
         whether such termination is for Just Cause or without Good Reason prior
         to a Change in Control. Any instruments establishing such rabbi trust
         shall in all respects be satisfactory in form and substance to
         Consultant and his counsel.

         2. Conditioned on the consummation of the Merger and the transactions
contemplated by the Merger Agreement, the parties hereby agree to reduce the
payment that would otherwise be payable pursuant to Section 3.4(b) by
$1,250,000.

         3. The parties agree that based on the foregoing proposed amendments, a
payment of $6,092,000, concurrent with the closing of the Merger, would satisfy
in full the Company's obligations under Section 3.4 of the Consulting Agreement;
provided however, that such payment in full shall not impair or otherwise affect
Consultant's entitlement to other compensation and benefits under the Consulting
Agreement, including, without limitation, Bonus Payments to hold Consultant
harmless from the adverse effects of the excise taxes imposed by Section 4999 of
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, amended.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Amendment as
of the date first written above.

                                    /s/ Morrie K. Abramson
                                  --------------------------------------------
                                  Morrie K. Abramson

                                  KENT ELECTRONICS CORPORATION

                                  By:  /s/ Larry D. Olson
                                     -----------------------------------------
                                         Larry D. Olson
                                         President and Chief Executive Officer

EX-5

p64859ex5.txt

OPINION OF DAVID R. BIRK

                                                                       EXHIBIT 5

                                      AVNET
                            Corporate Services Group

                                 April 11, 2001
Board of Directors
Avnet, Inc.
2211 South 47th Street
Phoenix, Arizona  85034

         Re:      Registration Statement on Form S-4

Ladies and Gentlemen:

         I refer to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 to be filed by Avnet,
Inc. (the "Company") with the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection
with the registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, of a maximum
of 27,299,595 shares (the "Shares") of the common stock, par value $1.00 per
share, of the Company to be issued pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger
dated as of March 21, 2001, among the Company, Alpha Acquisition Corp. and Kent
Electronics Corporation (the "Merger Agreement"). The Shares consist of (a) up
to 24,914,367 shares of Company common stock which may be issued pursuant to the
Merger Agreement in exchange for 28,637,204 shares of the common stock of Kent
currently outstanding, (b) 261,000 shares of Company common stock which may be
issued upon exercise of currently outstanding warrants to purchase 300,000
shares of Kent common stock, as provided in Section 1.10(a)(ii) of the Merger
Agreement, and (c) up to 2,124,228 shares of Company common stock which may be
issued upon the exercise of outstanding options to purchase an aggregate of
2,441,641 shares of Kent common stock, as provided in Section 1.10(a)(i) of the
Merger Agreement.

         I have examined and am familiar with originals, or copies the
authenticity of which has been established to my satisfaction, of such documents
and instruments as I have deemed necessary to express the opinions hereinafter
set forth. Based upon the foregoing, it is my opinion that the Shares, when
issued, or delivered in the manner provided for in the Merger Agreement, will be
legally issued, fully paid and non-assessable.

                  2211 South 47th Street Phoenix, Arizona 85034
                         T. 480-643-2000 F. 480-643-7199

                                                                             -2-

         I consent to the use of this opinion as Exhibit 5 to the
above-referenced Registration Statement and to the reference to me under the
caption "Legal Matters" in the proxy statement/prospectus forming a part
thereof.

                                                      Very truly yours,

                                                      /s/ David R. Birk

                                                      David R. Birk
                                                      Senior Vice President and
                                                        General Counsel

DRB/

EX-8

p64859ex8.txt

TAX OPINION OF CARTER, LEDYARD & MILBURN

                                                                       EXHIBIT 8

                            CARTER, LEDYARD & MILBURN
                               Counsellors at Law
                                  2 Wall Street
                             New York, NY 10005-2072
                                       --
                               Tel (212) 732-3200
                               Fax (212) 732-3232

                                 April 11, 2001

Avnet, Inc.
2211 South 47th Street
Phoenix, Arizona  85034

Ladies and Gentlemen:

         We have acted as counsel for Avnet, Inc. ("Avnet") in connection with
the proposed merger (the "Merger") of Alpha Acquisition Corp., a Texas
corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Avnet ("Buyer"), with and into Kent
Electronics Corporation (the "Company"), and the preparation and filing of a
Registration Statement on Form S-4 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
in connection with the Merger (the "Registration Statement"), including the
proxy statement/ prospectus constituting Part I thereof (the "Proxy Statement").

         Under the Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of March 21, 2001, (the
"Agreement") by and among Avnet, the Buyer and the Company, at the effective
time of the Merger, (i) the Company will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of
Avnet, and (ii) the common stock of the Company will be converted into the right
to receive shares of common stock of Avnet (and cash instead of fractional
shares).

         We have examined and are familiar with originals or copies, certified
or otherwise identified to our satisfaction, of the Agreement, and such other
documents as we have deemed necessary or appropriate in order to enable us to
render the opinion below. In our examination, we have assumed the genuineness of
all signatures, the legal capacity of all natural persons, the authenticity of
all documents submitted to us as originals, the conformity to original documents
of all documents submitted to us as certified, conformed or photostatic copies
and the authenticity of the originals of such copies. In addition, we have
assumed that (i) the Merger will be consummated in the manner contemplated and
in accordance with the provisions of the Agreement, and (ii) the representations
to be made to us by Avnet and the Company in their officers' certificates (the
"Certificates") under Section 5.01(e) of the Agreement, and delivered to us for
purposes of this opinion, will be accurate as of the effective time of the
Merger. Where a representation in a Certificate is limited to the knowledge of
the officer, we nevertheless have assumed the subject statement to be true.

                                                                             -2-

Avnet, Inc.

         In rendering our opinion, we have considered the applicable provisions
of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), Treasury
Regulations, pertinent judicial authorities, interpretive rulings of the
Internal Revenue Service and such other authorities as we have considered
relevant.

         Based upon and subject to the foregoing, we are of the opinion that the
section entitled "Material Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger" in the
Proxy Statement is an accurate general description, under currently applicable
law, of the principal United States federal income tax aspects of the Merger,
including the consequences to the holders of the Company's common stock.

         We hereby consent to the filing of this opinion as an exhibit to the
Registration Statement, and to the references to our firm in the Proxy Statement
in the sections entitled "Material Federal Income Tax Consequences of the
Merger" and "Legal Matters." In giving this consent, we do not admit that we are
in the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the
Securities Act of 1933.

                                                Very truly yours,

                                                /s/ Carter, Ledyard & Milburn

HB/lrh

EX-23.1

p64859ex23-1.txt

CONSENT OF ARTHUR ANDERSEN LLP

                                                                    EXHIBIT 23.1

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS

         As independent public accountants, we hereby consent to (1) the
incorporation by reference in this Registration Statement on Form S-4 of our
report dated August 7, 2000 (except with respect to the stock split discussed in
Note 1, as to which the date is September 18, 2000), included in Amendment No. 1
to Avnet, Inc.'s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2000,
(2) the incorporation by reference in this Registration Statement on Form S-4 of
our report dated August 25, 1999, on the consolidated financial statements of
Marshall Industries, which report is included in Avnet, Inc.'s Current Report on
Form 8-K bearing cover date of October 20, 1999 and (3) all references to our
firm included in this Registration Statement.

                                                     /s/ Arthur Andersen LLP

Phoenix, Arizona
April 11, 2001

EX-23.2

p64859ex23-2.txt

CONSENT OF GRANT THORNTON LLP

                                                                    EXHIBIT 23.2

               CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS

         We have issued our report dated May 8, 2000, accompanying the
consolidated financial statements of Kent Electronics Corporation and
Subsidiaries as of April 1, 2000 and April 3, 1999 and for the three years in
the period ended April 1, 2000 appearing in Kent Electronic Corporation's
Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 12, 2001, which is incorporated by
reference in this Registration Statement on Form S-4. We consent to the
incorporation by reference in this Registration Statement of the aforementioned
report, and to the use of our name as it appears under the caption "Experts".

/s/ Grant Thornton LLP

Houston, Texas
April 12, 2001

EX-24

p64859ex24.txt

POWERS OF ATTORNEY

                                                                      EXHIBIT 24

                                POWER OF ATTORNEY

KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS:

         The undersigned does hereby make, constitute and appoint David R. Birk
and Raymond Sadowski, and either of them, her attorneys-in-fact and agents, with
full power of substitution and resubstitution, to execute for and on behalf of
the undersigned in any and all capacities a Registration Statement under the
Securities Act of 1933, any amendments to such Registration Statement (including
post-effective amendments), any subsequent related registration statement filed
pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act of 1933, and any other
documents incidental thereto, relating to the offer and sale of the common stock
of Avnet, Inc. in connection with its acquisition of Kent Electronics
Corporation, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and all other
required documents, with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The undersigned
further grants unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and either of them, full
power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and
necessary to be done in connection with the said filings, as fully to all
intents and purposes as the undersigned might or could do in person, and hereby
ratifies and confirms all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents and/or any of
them or their or his substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be
done by virtue hereof.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this power of attorney
this 30th day of March, 2001.

                                                 /s/ Eleanor Baum
                                                 -------------------------------
                                                 Eleanor Baum

                                POWER OF ATTORNEY

KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS:

         The undersigned does hereby make, constitute and appoint David R. Birk
and Raymond Sadowski, and either of them, her attorneys-in-fact and agents, with
full power of substitution and resubstitution, to execute for and on behalf of
the undersigned in any and all capacities a Registration Statement under the
Securities Act of 1933, any amendments to such Registration Statement (including
post-effective amendments), any subsequent related registration statement filed
pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act of 1933, and any other
documents incidental thereto, relating to the offer and sale of the common stock
of Avnet, Inc. in connection with its acquisition of Kent Electronics
Corporation, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and all other
required documents, with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The undersigned
further grants unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and either of them, full
power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and
necessary to be done in connection with the said filings, as fully to all
intents and purposes as the undersigned might or could do in person, and hereby
ratifies and confirms all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents and/or any of
them or their or his substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be
done by virtue hereof.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this power of attorney
this 30th day of March, 2001.

                                                 /s/ J. Veronica Biggins
                                                 -------------------------------
                                                 J. Veronica Biggins

                                POWER OF ATTORNEY

KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS:

         The undersigned does hereby make, constitute and appoint David R. Birk
and Raymond Sadowski, and either of them, his attorneys-in-fact and agents, with
full power of substitution and resubstitution, to execute for and on behalf of
the undersigned in any and all capacities a Registration Statement under the
Securities Act of 1933, any amendments to such Registration Statement (including
post-effective amendments), any subsequent related registration statement filed
pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act of 1933, and any other
documents incidental thereto, relating to the offer and sale of the common stock
of Avnet, Inc. in connection with its acquisition of Kent Electronics
Corporation, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and all other
required documents, with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The undersigned
further grants unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and either of them, full
power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and
necessary to be done in connection with the said filings, as fully to all
intents and purposes as the undersigned might or could do in person, and hereby
ratifies and confirms all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents and/or any of
them or their or his substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be
done by virtue hereof.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this power of attorney
this 30th day of March, 2001.

                                                 /s/ Lawrence W. Clarkson
                                                 -------------------------------
                                                 Lawrence W. Clarkson

                                POWER OF ATTORNEY

KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS:

         The undersigned does hereby make, constitute and appoint David R. Birk
and Raymond Sadowski, and either of them, his attorneys-in-fact and agents, with
full power of substitution and resubstitution, to execute for and on behalf of
the undersigned in any and all capacities a Registration Statement under the
Securities Act of 1933, any amendments to such Registration Statement (including
post-effective amendments), any subsequent related registration statement filed
pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act of 1933, and any other
documents incidental thereto, relating to the offer and sale of the common stock
of Avnet, Inc. in connection with its acquisition of Kent Electronics
Corporation, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and all other
required documents, with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The undersigned
further grants unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and either of them, full
power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and
necessary to be done in connection with the said filings, as fully to all
intents and purposes as the undersigned might or could do in person, and hereby
ratifies and confirms all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents and/or any of
them or their or his substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be
done by virtue hereof.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this power of attorney
this 30th day of March, 2001.

                                                 /s/ Ehud Houminer
                                                 -------------------------------
                                                 Ehud Houminer

                                POWER OF ATTORNEY

KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS:

         The undersigned does hereby make, constitute and appoint David R. Birk
and Raymond Sadowski, and either of them, his attorneys-in-fact and agents, with
full power of substitution and resubstitution, to execute for and on behalf of
the undersigned in any and all capacities a Registration Statement under the
Securities Act of 1933, any amendments to such Registration Statement (including
post-effective amendments), any subsequent related registration statement filed
pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act of 1933, and any other
documents incidental thereto, relating to the offer and sale of the common stock
of Avnet, Inc. in connection with its acquisition of Kent Electronics
Corporation, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and all other
required documents, with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The undersigned
further grants unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and either of them, full
power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and
necessary to be done in connection with the said filings, as fully to all
intents and purposes as the undersigned might or could do in person, and hereby
ratifies and confirms all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents and/or any of
them or their or his substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be
done by virtue hereof.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this power of attorney
this 30th day of March, 2001.

                                                 /s/ James A. Lawrence
                                                 -------------------------------
                                                 James A. Lawrence

                                POWER OF ATTORNEY

KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS:

         The undersigned does hereby make, constitute and appoint David R. Birk
and Raymond Sadowski, and either of them, his attorneys-in-fact and agents, with
full power of substitution and resubstitution, to execute for and on behalf of
the undersigned in any and all capacities a Registration Statement under the
Securities Act of 1933, any amendments to such Registration Statement (including
post-effective amendments), any subsequent related registration statement filed
pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act of 1933, and any other
documents incidental thereto, relating to the offer and sale of the common stock
of Avnet, Inc. in connection with its acquisition of Kent Electronics
Corporation, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and all other
required documents, with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The undersigned
further grants unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and either of them, full
power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and
necessary to be done in connection with the said filings, as fully to all
intents and purposes as the undersigned might or could do in person, and hereby
ratifies and confirms all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents and/or any of
them or their or his substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be
done by virtue hereof.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this power of attorney
this 30th day of March, 2001.

                                                 /s/ Salvatore J. Nuzzo
                                                 -------------------------------
                                                 Salvatore J. Nuzzo

                                POWER OF ATTORNEY

KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS:

         The undersigned does hereby make, constitute and appoint David R. Birk
and Raymond Sadowski, and either of them, his attorneys-in-fact and agents, with
full power of substitution and resubstitution, to execute for and on behalf of
the undersigned in any and all capacities a Registration Statement under the
Securities Act of 1933, any amendments to such Registration Statement (including
post-effective amendments), any subsequent related registration statement filed
pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act of 1933, and any other
documents incidental thereto, relating to the offer and sale of the common stock
of Avnet, Inc. in connection with its acquisition of Kent Electronics
Corporation, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and all other
required documents, with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The undersigned
further grants unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and either of them, full
power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and
necessary to be done in connection with the said filings, as fully to all
intents and purposes as the undersigned might or could do in person, and hereby
ratifies and confirms all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents and/or any of
them or their or his substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be
done by virtue hereof.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this power of attorney
this 30th day of March, 2001.

                                                 /s/ Ray M. Robinson
                                                 -------------------------------
                                                 Ray M. Robinson

                                POWER OF ATTORNEY

KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS:

         The undersigned does hereby make, constitute and appoint David R. Birk
and Raymond Sadowski, and either of them, his attorneys-in-fact and agents, with
full power of substitution and resubstitution, to execute for and on behalf of
the undersigned in any and all capacities a Registration Statement under the
Securities Act of 1933, any amendments to such Registration Statement (including
post-effective amendments), any subsequent related registration statement filed
pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act of 1933, and any other
documents incidental thereto, relating to the offer and sale of the common stock
of Avnet, Inc. in connection with its acquisition of Kent Electronics
Corporation, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and all other
required documents, with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The undersigned
further grants unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and either of them, full
power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and
necessary to be done in connection with the said filings, as fully to all
intents and purposes as the undersigned might or could do in person, and hereby
ratifies and confirms all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents and/or any of
them or their or his substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be
done by virtue hereof.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this power of attorney
this 9th day of April, 2001.

                                                 /s/ Frederic Salerno
                                                 -------------------------------
                                                 Frederic Salerno

                                POWER OF ATTORNEY

KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS:

         The undersigned does hereby make, constitute and appoint David R. Birk
and Raymond Sadowski, and either of them, his attorneys-in-fact and agents, with
full power of substitution and resubstitution, to execute for and on behalf of
the undersigned in any and all capacities a Registration Statement under the
Securities Act of 1933, any amendments to such Registration Statement (including
post-effective amendments), any subsequent related registration statement filed
pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act of 1933, and any other
documents incidental thereto, relating to the offer and sale of the common stock
of Avnet, Inc. in connection with its acquisition of Kent Electronics
Corporation, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and all other
required documents, with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The undersigned
further grants unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and either of them, full
power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and
necessary to be done in connection with the said filings, as fully to all
intents and purposes as the undersigned might or could do in person, and hereby
ratifies and confirms all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents and/or any of
them or their or his substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be
done by virtue hereof.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this power of attorney
this 30th day of March, 2001.

                                                 /s/ Gary L. Tooker
                                                 -------------------------------
                                                 Gary L. Tooker

                                POWER OF ATTORNEY

KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS:

         The undersigned does hereby make, constitute and appoint David R. Birk
and Raymond Sadowski, and either of them, his attorneys-in-fact and agents, with
full power of substitution and resubstitution, to execute for and on behalf of
the undersigned in any and all capacities a Registration Statement under the
Securities Act of 1933, any amendments to such Registration Statement (including
post-effective amendments), any subsequent related registration statement filed
pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act of 1933, and any other
documents incidental thereto, relating to the offer and sale of the common stock
of Avnet, Inc. in connection with its acquisition of Kent Electronics
Corporation, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and all other
required documents, with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The undersigned
further grants unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and either of them, full
power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and
necessary to be done in connection with the said filings, as fully to all
intents and purposes as the undersigned might or could do in person, and hereby
ratifies and confirms all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents and/or any of
them or their or his substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be
done by virtue hereof.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this power of attorney
this 30th day of March, 2001.

                                                 /s/ Roy Vallee
                                                 -------------------------------
                                                 Roy Vallee

                                POWER OF ATTORNEY

KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS:

         The undersigned does hereby make, constitute and appoint David R. Birk
and Raymond Sadowski, and either of them, his attorneys-in-fact and agents, with
full power of substitution and resubstitution, to execute for and on behalf of
the undersigned in any and all capacities a Registration Statement under the
Securities Act of 1933, any amendments to such Registration Statement (including
post-effective amendments), any subsequent related registration statement filed
pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act of 1933, and any other
documents incidental thereto, relating to the offer and sale of the common stock
of Avnet, Inc. in connection with its acquisition of Kent Electronics
Corporation, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and all other
required documents, with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The undersigned
further grants unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and either of them, full
power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and
necessary to be done in connection with the said filings, as fully to all
intents and purposes as the undersigned might or could do in person, and hereby
ratifies and confirms all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents and/or any of
them or their or his substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be
done by virtue hereof.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this power of attorney
this 5th day of April, 2001.

                                                 /s/ John F. Cole
                                                 -------------------------------
                                                 John F. Cole

EX-99.1

p64859ex99-1.htm

FORM OF PROXY CARD - KENT ELECTRONICS CORP

FORM OF PROXY CARD - KENT ELECTRONICS CORP

                                                                    EXHIBIT 99.1

PROXY                     KENT ELECTRONICS CORPORATION                     PROXY

                         SPECIAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS

                           _______ - DAY, [DATE], 2001
                             ____ A.M., HOUSTON TIME

                                   CHASE TOWER
                          600 TRAVIS STREET, SUITE 2500
                              HOUSTON, TEXAS 77002

           THIS PROXY IS SOLICITED ON BEHALF OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

The undersigned shareholder of KENT ELECTRONICS CORPORATION (the "Company")
hereby constitutes and appoints Larry D. Olson and Stephen J. Chapko, or either
of them, as proxy of the undersigned, with full power of substitution and
revocation, to vote all shares of the common stock of the Company standing in
the undersigned's name on the books of the Company, at the special meeting of
shareholders to be held at ____ a.m., Houston time, at Chase Tower, 600 Travis
Street, Suite 2500, Houston, Texas 77002, on ___ day, [date], 2001, or at any
adjournment thereof, with all the powers which the undersigned would possess if
personally present at the meeting.

The undersigned hereby instructs the said proxies (i) to vote in accordance with
the instruction marked on the reverse side on the proposal to approve and adopt
the agreement and plan of merger by and between the Company, Alpha Acquisition
Corp. and Kent Electronics Corporation, BUT, IF NO INSTRUCTION IS MARKED ON THE
REVERSE SIDE, TO VOTE FOR APPROVAL OF THE AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER, and (ii)
to vote in the said proxies' discretion with respect to such other matters
(including matters incident to the conduct of the meeting) as may properly come
before the meeting).

The undersigned hereby acknowledges receipt of the notice of meeting and the
proxy statement/ prospectus dated _______, 2001, relating to the special meeting
of shareholders. The agreement and plan of merger being voted on at the special
meeting is attached to the proxy statement/prospectus as Appendix A.

                  PLEASE SIGN, DATE AND RETURN THIS PROXY CARD
                     PROMPTLY USING THE ENCLOSED ENVELOPE.

                  (Continued - To Be Signed On Reverse Side)

================================================================================

THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE "FOR" PROPOSAL 1.

PROPOSAL 1:

   To approve and adopt the agreement and      [ ] FOR  [ ] AGAINST  [ ] ABSTAIN
   plan of merger dated as of March 21, 2001,
   by and between Avnet, Inc., Alpha
   Acquisition Corp. and Kent Electronics
   Corporation, in the form attached as
   Appendix A to the Proxy Statement /
   Prospectus dated ______, 2001.

2. In their discretion, to take action on      [ ] FOR  [ ] AGAINST  [ ] ABSTAIN
   such other matters as may properly come
   before the Special Meeting of
   Shareholders or any adjournment(s)
   thereof.

================================================================================

   This proxy, when properly executed, will be voted in the manner directed
herein by the undersigned shareholder(s). IF NO DIRECTION IS MADE, THIS PROXY
WILL BE VOTED "FOR" PROPOSAL 1 AND WILL GRANT THE PROXIES THE RIGHT TO VOTE IN
THEIR DISCRETION WITH RESPECT TO SUCH OTHER MATTERS AS MAY PROPERLY COME BEFORE
THE MEETING. All prior proxies are hereby revoked.

                                          ______________________________________

                                          ______________________________________
                                                            Signature(s)

                                          Dated __________________________, 2001

                                          Please sign exactly as your name(s)
                                          appear(s) on this Proxy. If held by
                                          more than one owner, each owner must
                                          sign. Trustees, administrators, etc.
                                          should include full title. A
                                          corporation should provide its full
                                          name and the title of the authorized
                                          officer signing this Proxy.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
         PLEASE COMPLETE, SIGN, DATE AND RETURN PROMPTLY THE PROXY CARD
                          USING THE ENCLOSED ENVELOPE.
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

EX-99.2

p64859ex99-2.txt

FORM OF PROXY CARD OF THE REGISTRANT

                                                                    EXHIBIT 99.2

                                  [AVNET LOGO]

                        SPECIAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS

                           _______ - DAY, [DATE], 2001
                              ____ A.M., LOCAL TIME

                          [ADDRESS OF MEETING LOCATION]

           You may vote through the Internet, by telephone or by mail.
      Please read the other side of this card carefully for instructions.
        However you decide to vote, your presence, in person or by proxy,
         at the Special Meeting of Shareholders is important to Avnet.

AVNET, INC.
PROXY FOR SPECIAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS
ON ___ - DAY, [DATE], 2001, SOLICITED BY THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS        PROXY

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The undersigned shareholder of AVNET, INC. (the "Company") hereby constitutes
and appoints Roy Vallee and Raymond Sadowski, or either of them, as proxy of the
undersigned, with full power of substitution and revocation, to vote all shares
of the common stock of the Company standing in the undersigned's name on the
books of the Company, at the special meeting of shareholders to be held at ____
a.m., local time, at _________ on ___ day, [date], 2001, or at any adjournment
thereof, with all the powers which the undersigned would possess if personally
present at the meeting.

The undersigned hereby instructs the said proxies (i) to vote in accordance with
the instruction marked on the reverse side on the proposal to approve the
agreement and plan of merger by and between the Company, Alpha Acquisition Corp.
and Kent Electronics Corporation, BUT, IF NO INSTRUCTION IS MARKED ON THE
REVERSE SIDE, TO VOTE FOR APPROVAL OF THE AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER, and (ii)
to vote in the said proxies' discretion with respect to such other matters
(including matters incident to the conduct of the meeting) as may properly come
before the meeting).

The undersigned hereby acknowledges receipt of the notice of meeting and the
proxy statement/ prospectus dated _______, 2001, relating to the special meeting
of shareholders. The agreement and plan of merger being voted on at the special
meeting is attached to the proxy statement/prospectus as Appendix A.

                  PLEASE SIGN, DATE AND RETURN THIS PROXY CARD
                     PROMPTLY USING THE ENCLOSED ENVELOPE.

                  (Continued - To Be Signed On Reverse Side)

THERE ARE THREE WAYS TO VOTE YOUR PROXY.
                                                       --------------------
                                                       COMPANY #
                                                       CONTROL #
                                                       --------------------
YOUR TELEPHONE OR INTERNET VOTE AUTHORIZES THE NAMED
PROXIES TO VOTE YOUR SHARES IN THE SAME MANNER AS IF
YOU MARKED, SIGNED AND RETURN YOUR PROXY CARD.

VOTE BY PHONE -- TOLL FREE -- 800-240-6326 -- QUICK * * * EASY * * * IMMEDIATE

- -   Use any touch-tone telephone to vote your proxy 24 hours a day, 7 days a
    week, until 12:00 midnight on _______________, 2001.

- -   You will be prompted to enter your 3-digit company number and your 7-digit
    control number, which are located above.

- -   Follow the simple instructions the voice provides you.

VOTE BY INTERNET -- HTTP://WWW.EPROXY.COM/AVT/ -- QUICK * * * EASY * * *
IMMEDIATE

- -   Use the Internet to vote your proxy 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, until
    12:00 midnight on ________, 2001.

- -   You will be prompted to enter your 3-digit company number and your 7-digit
    control number, which are located above, to obtain your records and create
    an electronic ballot.

VOTE BY MAIL

Mark, sign and date your proxy card and return it in the postage-paid envelope
we've provided or return it to AVNET, INC., c/o Shareowner Services, P.O. Box
64873, St. Paul, MN 55164-0873.

  IF YOU VOTE BY PHONE OR THE INTERNET, PLEASE DO NOT MAIL YOUR PROXY CARD.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
              THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR ITEM 1.
                              - PLEASE FOLD HERE -

1.  Approval of the agreement and
    plan of merger dated as of March
    21, 2001, by and between Avnet,
    Inc., Alpha Acquisition Corp. and
    Kent Electronics Corporation, in
    the form attached as Appendix A
    to the proxy statement/
    prospectus dated ______, 2001.
                                            [ ] For  [ ] Against  [ ] Abstain

2.  To take action with respect to
    such other matters as may properly
    come before the special meeting
    or any adjournment thereof.

                                         Date __________________________
Address Change?  Mark Box  [ ]
Indicate changes below:
                                        --------------------------------------

                                        --------------------------------------
                                         Signature(s) in Box

                                         Please sign exactly as your name(s)
                                         appear(s) on this Proxy. If held by
                                         more than one owner, each owner must
                                         sign. Trustees, administrators, etc.
                                         should include full title. A
                                         corporation should provide its full
                                         name and the title of the authorized
                                         officer signing this proxy.
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

EX-99.3

p64859ex99-3.txt

CONSENT OF CREDIT SUISSE FIRST BOSTON CORP

                                                                    EXHIBIT 99.3

                                   CONSENT OF
                     CREDIT SUISSE FIRST BOSTON CORPORATION

      We hereby consent to the use of our name and to the description of our
opinion letter, dated March 21, 2001, to the Board of Directors of Kent
Electronics Corporation under the captions "Summary -- Opinions of Financial
Advisors" and "The Merger -- Background to the Merger," "-- Recommendation of,
and Factors Considered by, Kent's Board of Directors," and "-- Opinion of Kent's
Financial Advisor" in, and to the inclusion of such opinion letter as Appendix D
to the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus of Avnet, Inc. and Kent Electronics
Corporation, which Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus is part of the Registration
Statement on Form S-4 of Avnet, Inc. By giving such consent, we do not thereby
admit that we are experts with respect to any part of such Registration
Statement within the meaning of the term "expert" as used in, or that we come
within the category of persons whose consent is required under, the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, or the rules and regulations of the Securities and
Exchange Commission promulgated thereunder.

CREDIT SUISSE FIRST BOSTON CORPORATION

By: /s/ Robert G. Mann
    ----------------------------------
    Name: Robert G. Mann
    Title: Managing Director

New York, New York
April 12, 2001

EX-99.4

p64859ex99-4.txt

CONSENT OF MERRILL LYNCH, PIERCE, FENNER & SMITH

                                                                    EXHIBIT 99.4

                     [LETTERHEAD OF MERRILL LYNCH, PIERCE,
                          FENNER & SMITH INCORPORATED]

                                   CONSENT OF
               MERRILL LYNCH, PIERCE, FENNER & SMITH INCORPORATED

      We hereby consent to the inclusion of our opinion letter dated March 21,
2001, to the Board of Directors of Avnet, Inc. ("Avnet") as Appendix E to the
proxy statement/prospectus relating to the proposed acquisition by Avnet of Kent
Electronics Corporation, and to the references thereto in such proxy
statement/prospectus under the captions "SUMMARY -- Opinions of Financial
Advisors"; and "THE MERGER -- Background to the Merger," "-- Avnet's Reasons for
the Merger; Recommendation of the Avnet Board of Directors" and "-- Opinion of
Avnet's Financial Advisor." In giving this consent, we do not admit that we come
within the category of persons whose consent is required under, and we do not
admit that we are "experts" for purposes of, the Securities Act of 1933 and the
rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

New York, New York
April 11, 2001

                                    /s/ MERRILL LYNCH, PIERCE, FENNER & SMITH
                                            INCORPORATED

                                    ------------------------------------------

                                    MERRILL LYNCH, PIERCE, FENNER & SMITH
                                            INCORPORATED

GRAPHIC

p64859pi5-110.gif

GRAPHIC

begin 644 p64859pi5-110.gif
M1TE&.#EA#``,`/?^``````$!`0("`@,#`P0$!`4%!08&!@<'!P@("`D)"0H*
M"@L+"PP,#`T-#0X.#@\/#Q`0$!$1$1(2$A,3$Q04%!45%186%A<7%Q@8&!D9
M&1H:&AL&QP<'!T='1X>'A\?'R`@("$A(2(B(B,C(R0D)"4E)28F)B
7IZ>GM[>WQ\?'U]?7Y^?G]_?X"`@(&!@8*"
M@H.#@X2$A(6%A8:&AH>'AXB(B(F)B8J*BHN+BXR,C(V-C8Z.CH^/CY"0D)&1
MD9*2DI.3DY24E)65E9:6EI>7EYB8F)F9F9J:FIN;FYR
GI^?GZ"@
MH*&AH:*BHJ.CHZ2DI*6EI::FIJ>GIZBHJ*FIJ:JJJJNKJZRLK*VMK:ZNKJ^O
MK["PL+&QL*RLK.SL[2TM+6UM;:VMK>WM[BXN+FYN;JZNKN[N[R\O+V]O;Z^
MOK^_O\#`P,'!P<+"PL/#P\3$Q,7%Q<;&QL?'Q\C(R,G)R
WM_?W^#@X.'AX>+BXN/CX^3DY.7EY>;FYN?GY^CHZ.GIZ>KJZNOK
MZ^SL[.WM[>[N[N_O[_#P\/'Q\?+R\O/S\_3T]/7U]?;V]O?W]_CX^/GY^?KZ
M^OO[^_S\_/W]_?[^_O___R'Y!`$``/X`+``````,``P`!P@Z`/\)'$APX)L?
M"!,J_/<#F;B'$!\:8"BNX,`#%"T*Q/BCHD:.'BV"U/AOY,>,)SN2Y&C@@,N7
&+@$$!``[
`
end

GRAPHIC

p64859p64859l2.gif

GRAPHIC

begin 644 p64859p64859l2.gif
M1TE&.#EAS0`Y`/?_````````,P``9@``F0``S```_P`S```S,P`S9@`SF0`S
MS``S_P!F``!F,P!F9@!FF0!FS`!F_P"9``"9,P"99@"9F0"9S`"9_P#,``#,
M,P#,9@#,F0#,S`#,_P#_``#_,P#_9@#_F0#_S`#__S,``#,`,S,`9C,`F3,`
MS#,`_S,S`#,S,S,S9C,SF3,SS#,S_S-F`#-F,S-F9C-FF3-FS#-F_S.9`#.9
M,S.99C.9F3.9S#.9_S/,`#/,,S/,9C/,F3/,S#/,_S/_`#/_,S/_9C/_F3/_
MS#/__V8``&8`,V8`9F8`F68`S&8`_V8S`&8S,V8S9F8SF68SS&8S_V9F`&9F
M,V9F9F9FF69FS&9F_V:9`&:9,V:99F:9F6:9S&:9_V;,`&;,,V;,9F;,F6;,
MS&;,_V;_`&;_,V;_9F;_F6;_S&;__YD``)D`,YD`9ID`F9D`S)D`_YDS`)DS
M,YDS9IDSF9DSS)DS_YEF`)EF,YEF9IEFF9EFS)EF_YF9`)F9,YF99IF9F9F9
MS)F9_YG,`)G,,YG,9IG,F9G,S)G,_YG_`)G_,YG_9IG_F9G_S)G__\P``,P`
M,\P`9LP`F
,-UE]!_P%8"T<#$G0<0Q?U!B%&8G''
MX&
=A1B`-]:.%'.ID(6U\51E@0BU39!F-%,G)$
MXX([UA:4CLN5U:./G&V484$NJN9>AT/BI*!^`#[)4TFT*:<97$]"6>.7ZDVI
MX8M*8=FFD5O:&-N3$R8EIID-8J0FAWL.Y&*6]ET)9WTG#D2G8W?>^)Q&?5[9
M*(Y6&F1CDY+.&&>@AEI49X"_%9IB1H\.%ZIZ@'I:HZ6$)IDI5)8EVFB5>OK_
M):!2AD5*()&E7G0DEW/!VMEIKI+E*ZY]S>I>='H)2JRR6J;:Y+"SN=:IJBV"
M*NM^2WV6*Z6W-MOMF+5`6]Z!P98E+K?"8JOHF\M6.NBWBIU[S:9EE6NNFXFI
M:ZN=^+J[T:XV0B-O?R!]*5*8TZ);;;N#2?GFHY."RVQ&`+LT8<0JAO=AJ`2=
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M82S]T>[+K__^_.N,_:'7XA+_!DC`F_CO;`!D7?X*.)_]-5`H/SE7!`&GOMZ4
M"3Q0VQB'MK
]RW!0
M:@@AE0B5U)P
$"')=0O^`^,+2Z"XZ%YQ9!CG'LNR5;S`K`EMQKC;$T!PF
MA?Q14M(\
28Q&
MK"!2DGB^UN7DAM"K9'Q$4B51YJ9@'3.ER*9C1TEJ!33R`
'*++RFYD$E"4I"%K&*"/F@2OGTD
JA!39\/1
M,(_)'F*2T7'F^<^NQ*?`YQ$E)$3\D%E&$IH3)G*:?C)E)1GI'&.BYI5V8\I/
M:).\27)6YF>!).,U[0DIR?F2D01M8T$SQ

MI\
WT-K&`S$A``.S\_
`
end

GRAPHIC

p64859p64859s1.gif

GRAPHIC

begin 644 p64859p64859s1.gif
M1TE&.#EAD0`O`/<```````$!`0("`@,#`P0$!`4%!08&!@<'!P@("`D)"0H*
M"@L+"PP,#`T-#0X.#@\/#Q`0$!$1$1(2$A,3$Q04%!45%186%A<7%Q@8&!D9
M&1H:&AL&QP<'!T='1X>'A\?'R`@("$A(2(B(B,C(R0D)"4E)28F)B
7IZ>GM[>WQ\?'U]?7Y^?G]_?X"`@(&!@8*"
M@H.#@X2$A(6%A8:&AH>'AXB(B(F)B8J*BHN+BXR,C(V-C8Z.CH^/CY"0D)&1
MD9*2DI.3DY24E)65E9:6EI>7EYB8F)F9F9J:FIN;FYR
GI^?GZ"@
MH*&AH:*BHJ.CHZ2DI*6EI::FIJ>GIZBHJ*FIJ:JJJJNKJZRLK*VMK:ZNKJ^O
MK["PL+&QL*RLK.SL[2TM+6UM;:VMK>WM[BXN+FYN;JZNKN[N[R\O+V]O;Z^
MOK^_O\#`P,'!P<+"PL/#P\3$Q,7%Q<;&QL?'Q\C(R,G)R
WM_?W^#@X.'AX>+BXN/CX^3DY.7EY>;FYN?GY^CHZ.GIZ>KJZNOK
MZ^SL[.WM[>[N[N_O[_#P\/'Q\?+R\O/S\_3T]/7U]?;V]O?W]_CX^/GY^?KZ
M^OO[^_S\_/W]_?[^_O___RP`````D0`O`$`(_P#_"1Q(L*#!@P@3*ES(L*'#
MAQ`C.@0`0")!BA4M)J18D*/&CR`7>KPX$*/(C!D9CORWDF5*A"]5F@Q)<^3,
MC@]ONM39\N++GBXCQJ29DZA/HS"!3E2*M*E3HTR?2H4Z=*K5JUA1_M1YT&-5
MA5QW@I48%NO&KT&[8D0I$.U1@RNC1NTX-VM5DVOSZMTY4ZO>OT.!`A[LE:--
MPHCK7E4,TNU)QF8C2YY,66;ERY@A0JZ\-W-6EF`3`P8=F'!:N)ZE;FWKF+7K
MI6W5CM6\V:S2F&5!GPZ-^NU&SI3EW3
?GYV^?
:*+]9=QTI1W(7$N(#1<;;=$%!Y>"#5IE
MDX8+EL3A76[)%Z)WN"G'VVXOPC@7?-+IU]-A*;*U8(L(@B>3@HO]]B&&+B;5
M%5TB,6>?7,1=5YQ@JPFY%)#KE;?
5GR=%Z/#*9GGIWX,3FG7^J1-Z%I7;I)86*O16AH;GV&M**@&:9Y
FVZ*I03J;18E:F.9G[SUH*8`?:;KI99)^>I^:HI9JZJFH"A00`#L_
`
end

GRAPHIC

p64859p64859l1.gif

GRAPHIC

begin 644 p64859p64859l1.gif
M1TE&.#EA<``=`/?_````````,P``9@``F0``S```_P`S```S,P`S9@`SF0`S
MS``S_P!F``!F,P!F9@!FF0!FS`!F_P"9``"9,P"99@"9F0"9S`"9_P#,``#,
M,P#,9@#,F0#,S`#,_P#_``#_,P#_9@#_F0#_S`#__S,``#,`,S,`9C,`F3,`
MS#,`_S,S`#,S,S,S9C,SF3,SS#,S_S-F`#-F,S-F9C-FF3-FS#-F_S.9`#.9
M,S.99C.9F3.9S#.9_S/,`#/,,S/,9C/,F3/,S#/,_S/_`#/_,S/_9C/_F3/_
MS#/__V8``&8`,V8`9F8`F68`S&8`_V8S`&8S,V8S9F8SF68SS&8S_V9F`&9F
M,V9F9F9FF69FS&9F_V:9`&:9,V:99F:9F6:9S&:9_V;,`&;,,V;,9F;,F6;,
MS&;,_V;_`&;_,V;_9F;_F6;_S&;__YD``)D`,YD`9ID`F9D`S)D`_YDS`)DS
M,YDS9IDSF9DSS)DS_YEF`)EF,YEF9IEFF9EFS)EF_YF9`)F9,YF99IF9F9F9
MS)F9_YG,`)G,,YG,9IG,F9G,S)G,_YG_`)G_,YG_9IG_F9G_S)G__\P``,P`
M,\P`9LP`F
859@C79UB+M\:ACP;#GLKHLNS7=U<:W9EV]8FK9LVD%ZIY>>F#F
MYG:#RUUQ;37FU(.K$M-\/?&FMX(@1K/SM[N5;[>OU>V[GXB]?L)&\_>3OFZ
MY=B'K4>7:9%II)A$T-@$U6#MS5785:UA!QQSV<558$3X95B+?O%E1Z%L7V4G
M8')A_::92`=&E&!.D@'8UVD"#;:?<"[Z11Z&&M['X6&GM4=?:MT!YV):?(W4
M$5L2#0,4<0`LUU^%_Q5HG(2Q_0@B1#GJB)57DE4EEE1;3@65EV.)9QF7$#65
MY4%)M5G>FKZY*6=#1^8XYYUT+G:3?GCB62=^?08JT(IZ#L.GH'.N!2BB+P4$
"`#L_
`
end

GRAPHIC

p64859p64859s2.gif

GRAPHIC

begin 644 p64859p64859s2.gif
M1TE&.#EA$@$T`(```/___P```"P`````$@$T```"_X2/J
(3.:,3-[ND&Q:?@NE
M58J5*;..I<:JXXI[T3'@"0)[S>QT4;PF@=OT(S*+3LWK_.F;F>=2UD
X6'7(*/<'^.@WF4@5%%GY$*
J%PC+
M(
R]O0P\!B]\$;/\^F.OG3V"P90IQ
MI"I(J1U$A-]6*9A(L*&;+O\3*:KKB&"='2@:/P($Z7&D07
?)E*9GE
M:'*\:!.<%Y05]#7*^
;ZXG.OSI+17/[\B3CMRLPDG;EK7&QKU+C:&B`=U#AD)F,U
M/?%\\Y#MZ
J:*]NUDB8-6\5>_X^YOSY(-X[22+S7LG97JD0[J^1]R`*^7`
MIX8N:)BKW8.AI;/6:3>A7*3#::T6_%C$==-=LXMU[)MF\Z*EE;DO3R?X]?V_
M3=@N%EY/"^FEY!V`!!I(8%4)+LB-9`P^&(.#$$XH((467HAAAAINR&&''GX(
&8B$%```[
`
end

GRAPHIC

p64859p64859l3.gif

GRAPHIC

begin 644 p64859p64859l3.gif
M1TE&.#EAG0(S`/?_````````,P``9@``F0``S```_P`S```S,P`S9@`SF0`S
MS``S_P!F``!F,P!F9@!FF0!FS`!F_P"9``"9,P"99@"9F0"9S`"9_P#,``#,
M,P#,9@#,F0#,S`#,_P#_``#_,P#_9@#_F0#_S`#__S,``#,`,S,`9C,`F3,`
MS#,`_S,S`#,S,S,S9C,SF3,SS#,S_S-F`#-F,S-F9C-FF3-FS#-F_S.9`#.9
M,S.99C.9F3.9S#.9_S/,`#/,,S/,9C/,F3/,S#/,_S/_`#/_,S/_9C/_F3/_
MS#/__V8``&8`,V8`9F8`F68`S&8`_V8S`&8S,V8S9F8SF68SS&8S_V9F`&9F
M,V9F9F9FF69FS&9F_V:9`&:9,V:99F:9F6:9S&:9_V;,`&;,,V;,9F;,F6;,
MS&;,_V;_`&;_,V;_9F;_F6;_S&;__YD``)D`,YD`9ID`F9D`S)D`_YDS`)DS
M,YDS9IDSF9DSS)DS_YEF`)EF,YEF9IEFF9EFS)EF_YF9`)F9,YF99IF9F9F9
MS)F9_YG,`)G,,YG,9IG,F9G,S)G,_YG_`)G_,YG_9IG_F9G_S)G__\P``,P`
M,\P`9LP`F
(*`"`!K!`8$N0*5E9*@KRFT@I)`"E5$F15
`;UEU-_`39GG'Y'T85?<_31A!.!^['%U4_R-08?9O!I5I^'`FY5
M(8?XC0>9=2&699UI`TF(V59ZM2
3753V:%!NV&6H%):
2I:I4I#?1:2EOJI-)*7.W&U5HP\PD:BD)R%V"IL-6'_
M&MFC,$DUDHO[W1G?J[NV6:B-@/XJ[+#$MF>@98UI]QVIC.+G)4HJUBKIDM"Z
MFB50JAZ4JFW@93?G5%X6:=J(:QYU&:ICJNK;F>D6F2:9*`X(I90B_A=B22FF
M^."JF-%9K'K!_BOPP`1SA)^
Q6ZU
M6N1-IV+[F54NQMBHA>,%Q=F#]\$ILIC$%?0>PXVRZ)UFRZHH\L-BV748&618
M``09LQ`$]-%'%ST0TDP3W309!
T05GK75[B6EFIH^154:E9$&%
MY_!U2UUV\UI7WMQF9;6I=NVV]+WMM57AQK923VGS_[DVG+J"IAR1WM$+:Z=N
M^SV0:7VR!;>9;GIGG\)$TL6W=BA.%51ALUC@^>="#P3ZZ$`H/?KH09\NM-*I
M6]"ZZE`?%+!`JKM^3="QUQZ[0$"0+M#KHV\M_/`:%766N+7*U!;>A'OLZ53/
MX^W2\S[>I6CE&4^N%FX>BTKR4T*FE>^]A9M<
^C7^
US"GQ=T5#XM``ZI(!'&^$#B89`V>VN
M(+CK7]0\IT."\-!HLPNA$/^'2,0B&E$P^OOA-?17.@
.71@0DTIR'W^\Z(8S>C6
M#&A"*?*NBBX,(/^@>
;K.=3RQI4!\Z
MU"\"ZI[7L*E1+?K4LIKUK!W!(#T'%40:'D1JK"LET)2F5J"]=:UHS:M>]RJ\
M>/+UKX`-;&&@L0M:&-:PPQC(,`Y+D,/20B"'3>PU".M86DA6((MU["Z@@=G*
M.O:R)SUDT_#YNPFZM8RI&]K2J'9#,HSPM+\K)5P%2]O:_[(QLYZE!6=QVUC&
M7B.RURAL;G4;W.'NXAJX]2QH?9A+WPW$H)]3)D=WJLN/.C>;7L2K;;?+W:T-
ME[&\'8AC(8M8:'P7L><=1G(KNUQY
USD'G:WOB6O816LWL,6.+.;Q2UG#4R+XX;W(5PL90.#AE\HDC&B
MHNLP-?6WPX-:\+\"_I>B#E61!YT+(1'#B+^**)4PN0_&'N/(8V9R%)0@J4!S
MRY*/KU67U93E6CYF#94(3)#+7OBWOHTLDP4"#
=$>S0J2@AHHV0
M%!V?08LHQQ2#BJ^W8AK?O(=.WWUP@J&\9>!&>[+79O2T0^O*TY$1U0>)J$%5
MNTQ``95VH.S
/EUYC"7
MFD0-W"ZW#E3*#*[O@K/M+OZ&%,(7LA-=Y4L^BV&+6$#FD_EABT)VJI5H)BM<
MSUIXVN/_I79B*9O;XYIWN`T>;J=EU\D1,O":JY;E6"]IZ@3V4)^K;G>A-`63
M9D>L5L;VC78^Q.^B)WW99!+9LI/UH#6U+5)0_Q&(BKZ5\RF<
OXI-W.Z=%\/]1Q6#$N&:''/PHGS2EN7[>K&LWI);
M]LF;[/)S>0AN@P3]TT4U]^R^W+\*:E?H.'+UBD&&J(CUB>L@0Q+F0`ZKD]3/
M\YF*E4C2WI:OC2=YXA,4758,>\D%N^(B;\[`1<60%_=)3C);NN/:[JC%I2;O
MKMI[E1]=W`7C]K(I!^[R"5)RY"Y7RMM62(8-(D:)
H*S=>1"\_G*"/PYRC)PKS
=8=@>8O"X
$KB(Q/1%V'R>`H(>$A'*`8?>$
M6W@29K
69K/V8MT7$S?&-W1])FD;$BH$=V`'!>@4=MN35A
M#L:'AO>'VI9]M*-X`B50RO12.>AEDO]7;HL8:I'';D28>2W1=%\1.?26,UHB
M<`3'=?O69OUV%U:(+?4Q*B@2<0.'**(X(NO7<-RABJ28,ZIH'$$A@896(O%2
M;\97."TQ<>^S-W>A;S]A%ZS`
H6.HU8>B8:4W&7A-693-X
MC^HUC=%T4_@$/!T&72AU;M!%:C[X49='C@BY->:8D(FG$;,E6J0%$7;%D!2I
M2-52D1B&D1JYD1KI5QSYD2`)8!X9DOQTD<0W$4CVAMH2%MK28Z(7%BC!DB0Y
M4R,YD^$$&;3_]A`LTAD)P7;E@R>(
96#PQ:QUB+"5QRA9QPXDR;%5RIH.38=DRLWUI8X
M\I2,J4IB^!\WX8E3639ZV"_K$F@]XBM4@1`#2#[7H244XCY<`6A\@CBZ88J/
MN9H?21?C$A->`Q9'HID-*#'[,8Q;(A
S*F)PD
"J(MNT@;Q?9QH`)U=-D=D>%V4CEV
MKHB>!BIT0]F*\+D3YMF$#3

GRAPHIC

p64859pi10-89.gif

GRAPHIC

begin 644 p64859pi10-89.gif
M1TE&.#EAA``B`/<``/___\S__YG__V;__S/__P#____,_\S,_YG,_V;,_S/,
M_P#,__^9_\R9_YF9_V:9_S.9_P"9__]F_\QF_YEF_V9F_S-F_P!F__\S_\PS
M_YDS_V8S_S,S_P`S__\`_\P`_YD`_V8`_S,`_P``____S,S_S)G_S&;_S#/_
MS`#_S/_,S,S,S)G,S&;,S#/,S`#,S/^9S,R9S)F9S&:9S#.9S`"9S/]FS,QF
MS)EFS&9FS#-FS`!FS/\SS,PSS)DSS&8SS#,SS``SS/\`S,P`S)D`S&8`S#,`
MS```S/__F
("`@(B(B)"0D)B8F*"@
MH*BHJ+"PL+BXN,#`P,C(R-#0T-C8V.#@X.CHZ/#P\/CX^```````````````
M`````````````````````"'Y!`$`````+`````"$`"(`!PC_``$('$BPH,&#
M"!,J7,BPH<.'$"-*G$BQHL6+&#-JW&A17J!KY0B6RQ:2H\F3*`5N^^B.H+MK
MK$JFG$E3(KUK],)=RW:M9[9O[K()=!=H6\^C(&LJ7;H-'0!W]`32:XF.U=.=
MK))>7;&TZTQTUP)%%6BEZC4K``*QBNKNV[9OV=AYG7OR&TQWX0"L**<S+(!P
M3@?*:TFW\$8KWT)&I9?-':NX`-AEXVJXLLG)>LN!U7N-L.1P5L9:'DUQA56]
MX8`*+!>((+M`V5BADT>Z]D-T@:6.O4F;(#TK.G/;'GYP6^^#@5H?E!>3N'."
M*W`F!(OV(#WCSY^7@RFZ(+IMV803_V1%.?OP;^C4=A\8")V[;=NL'`=@Y?32
MP>87J@9L,&A4L#S]Y-8VY=EU%%I@'25>1.STM!9BWWRC5X3?%$AA=2>Y@QN&
MR+7VFW>8`9`-6O1\%`YA`QG84UY]];0@1`E>(T^,5_6$(E(O9I2@A`G)TYE!
ML)5W#4'?V#=0C#N)B-1\-N'6TDT]"935CP*U6)Y)#5[#(T+19=/==A4.U)A@
M8Q*$Y%E(#0F`1UFQ$@A7&J)C!3NSX8;."K/%&=A1`AF((HUFVBE/6;@!8">=
MW[PY$'#?`$;;2UH"%XY<!;T4R)8-EC,2>VL-5(Z1AJ9I%%(`,)9F-C.F">E1
M&O()@*M^'O_IZD!(M<5GFCY%I6*NJ]9:$&_HK5DF2!5&MPVE]#0G*ZZD)FC5
ME'>F>5VMT47YJK6Q"@3HLC@EZ-1VUQS+:K7;E&CCJNR,NJ!L5HSHYF^[(M64
M/"MDHURH,,G+9X)-J7LM2"T9"%14KL)J([?T46CJ-73V1-N._[H#J81Q#L:G
M@0NB<^)1H'TWVW;LR/-34-L`P->RX/:4,KYI.C5KMO\*9#"5+-?\45AM:MN3
MA*Q.7.G%+O;W37VELH*>;%?]]6E/QLFXK,8[T^BLQ!+3]O+!,EL[\Y_[\@DI
M3UI!W//.3^%F<908&\1.HKE9<2E7Z:TM)F[WFMQ3(%:XF'*K,*6AY2*4T@$P
M);)\`BXEUBQ[Y.JH/5$J]KED]R4QT-=D7!2EOXY((%F='4ODSE#ZJ*#(/AT8
MHU.K\M@B7@JNFAO8N*Y&JD"P_SO;42KBR:K`!I43X95'1IA;:A%^&6%()U,X
M-&I@(PWA\BM06)+OOU,_=/018LBLM:)?DU?642I('^-)Q6BKEOG1Y?I#@T&5
6_G"K>OG^_`D%92^3].>O__ZC!00`.S\_
`
end
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>p64859p64859s3.gif
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>

begin 644 p64859p64859s3.gif
M1TE&.#EAO`$;`(```/___P```"P`````O`$;```"_X2/J<OM#Z.<M-J+L]Z\
M^P^&XDB6YHFFZLJV[@O'\DS7]HWG^L[W_@\,"H?$HO&(3"J7R$``X&1*I]1J
MTXG-9JU<1+0+#J.T9*SJ"T*3GBVUA2R.RQ]E]LA\P-/M>?V=_^?E%E$W.'?(
M93BFMY50Z-C8H*:X0-G!:*E0UY?SN)2)B`'J=?F$IM6'^57&F<KGYS!*6'D*
M"!&9:L-*!7LA&\MB.['ZV_O&%F7F-JF*YP=K3*LIG`<)74LM:6I]D_WY&^N]
M%ZU!35YMO<EL"LY`#)5LMQP)AWL];*N,O.^:CRTJKYT$3\""N1-'`1=`A+3B
MO9)DP)M"5(:<P2N$$=4&8O];UNUCQXG@/(87IY7<!4=0QH0?2=YZI?&6RI;G
M!K*JB>X@J$PX#T9<-ZT1H)@_X?T<RM%3TH`<EN:\Z/"H48K_!.$[ZHP=1:C^
M-E7@2,<DUI)%66;L*!&A0X40M0U2I7/B5Y@/4QKMY^@D/7T$R9:]FP%;P'B0
M2!GS.-AK/Z=0N?*#@A6D+Z)N4^Z2:I-HKXIR_[H*%UG8M<N09RHFE%B>7JEH
M!Z^>VEHKX+&`>[JEW=AO:4V9Z5+&^SFW/JNL!4:6QCM7U=]QNV8=:4_KLW.G
MD?/=6WCQU>)%W]W-NO@Q5:&:IWL^YCH7YH@;-YKS7O8R^+9!#[^=6?LQOFSU
MHEO;7BN8)<Q)<QU9YJDT6WW/'9<@2@`V0QXF#7;5%$\P#7%*94BMQXV".@'G
MV%LNJ9<.6`&&QEY0YXGECE4%QM:*<OPYF%AX=JV$H&#$]>:>&,6\]&%#[Z6#
MV5EL>4;)=#1I%)-X.I*28'8T%D<7B0+A=&2)69[0WWYA&#?9>S,RPIZ$CG&%
M'&K+X!<ED1J:V5Q4^7'X9)LR;+F(74""89M[8H;CD9U(#LG2'^+HJ=8S>SYU
LH"XCAN)H"N18B-2C+UD**6H_@)EI'`)V@VFGHHY*:JFFGHIJJJJN.D0!`#L_
`
end
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----