URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/854460/000089161801500850/0000891618-01-500850.txt

MPA
		STATE:			ID
		ZIP:			83687
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2088983434

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		900 EAST KARCHER ROAD
		CITY:			NAMPA
		STATE:			ID
		ZIP:			83687

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ZEOS INTERNATIONAL LTD
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

S-4

f72415ors-4.txt

FORM S-4

      AS FILED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION ON MAY 22, 2001

                                                    REGISTRATION NO. 333-
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                              WASHINGTON, DC 20549

                            ------------------------

                                    FORM S-4
                             REGISTRATION STATEMENT
                                     UNDER
                           THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933

                            ------------------------

                            MICRON ELECTRONICS, INC.
             (EXACT NAME OF REGISTRANT AS SPECIFIED IN ITS CHARTER)
                            ------------------------

            MINNESOTA                             7389                            41-1404301
 (STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF      (PRIMARY STANDARD INDUSTRIAL             (I.R.S. EMPLOYER
  INCORPORATION OR ORGANIZATION)      CLASSIFICATION CODE NUMBER)            IDENTIFICATION NO.)

                             1450 EAGLE FLIGHT WAY
                               BOISE, IDAHO 83709
                                 (208) 898-3434
   (ADDRESS AND TELEPHONE NUMBER OF REGISTRANT'S PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICES)

                                 JOEL J. KOCHER
                      CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
                            MICRON ELECTRONICS, INC.
                             1450 EAGLE FLIGHT WAY
                                BOISE, ID 83709
                                 (208) 898-3434
           (NAME, ADDRESS AND TELEPHONE NUMBER OF AGENT FOR SERVICE)

                                   COPIES TO:

             DENNIS R. DEBROECK, ESQ.                             DAVID A. STOCKTON, ESQ.
                FENWICK & WEST LLP                                KILPATRICK STOCKTON LLP
               TWO PALO ALTO SQUARE                          1100 PEACHTREE STREET, SUITE 2800
         PALO ALTO, CALIFORNIA 94306-2105                         ATLANTA, GA 30309-4530
                  (650) 494-0600                                      (404) 815-6500

        APPROXIMATE DATE OF COMMENCEMENT OF PROPOSED SALE TO THE PUBLIC:
   Upon consummation of the merger described in this Registration Statement.

     If the securities being registered on this form are being offered in
connection with the formation of a holding company and there is compliance with
General Instruction G, check the following box.  [ ]

     If this form is filed to register additional securities for an offering
pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, check the following box and
list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective
registration statement number for the same offering.  [ ] __________

     If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d)
under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act
registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement
for the same offering.  [ ] __________

                        CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                           PROPOSED MAXIMUM        PROPOSED MAXIMUM        PROPOSED MAXIMUM
  TITLE OF EACH CLASS OF SECURITIES          AMOUNT TO BE           OFFERING PRICE        AGGREGATE OFFERING
           TO BE REGISTERED                 REGISTERED(1)             PER SHARE                PRICE(2)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Common stock, $0.01 par value.........        51,329,405            not applicable           $87,337,490
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ---------------------------------------------------------------
  TITLE OF EACH CLASS OF SECURITIES           AMOUNT OF
           TO BE REGISTERED                REGISTRATION FEE
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Common stock, $0.01 par value.........         $17,468
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

(1) Based upon the maximum number of shares of the Registrant's common stock
    expected to be issued in connection with the merger, calculated as the
    product of (a) 59,616,034, the aggregate number of shares of Interland,
    Inc., common stock outstanding as of March 15, 2001 and shares of Interland
    common stock issuable pursuant to outstanding options and warrants prior to
    the date the merger is expected to be consummated and (b) an exchange ratio
    of 0.861 shares of the Registrant's common stock for each share of Interland
    common stock.

(2) Based solely for purposes of calculating the registration fee required by
    Section 6(b) of the Securities Act and calculated pursuant to Rules 457(c)
    and 457(f)(1) under the Securities Act. Pursuant to Rule 457(f)(1), the
    proposed maximum aggregate offering price of the Registrant's common stock
    was calculated as the product of: (i) $1.465, the average of the high and
    low per share prices of Interland common stock as reported on the Nasdaq
    National Market on May 16, 2001 and (ii) 59,616,034, the maximum number of
    shares of Interland common stock to be received by the Registrant or
    cancelled pursuant to the merger.

     THE REGISTRANT HEREBY AMENDS THIS REGISTRATION STATEMENT ON SUCH DATE OR
DATES AS MAY BE NECESSARY TO DELAY ITS EFFECTIVE DATE UNTIL THE REGISTRANT SHALL
FILE A FURTHER AMENDMENT THAT SPECIFICALLY STATES THAT THIS REGISTRATION
STATEMENT SHALL THEREAFTER BECOME EFFECTIVE IN ACCORDANCE WITH SECTION 8(a) OF
THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 OR UNTIL THE REGISTRATION STATEMENT SHALL BECOME
EFFECTIVE ON SUCH DATE AS THE COMMISSION, ACTING PURSUANT TO SAID SECTION 8(a),
MAY DETERMINE.
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                     [LOGO]
                            MICRON ELECTRONICS, INC.
                             1450 EAGLE FLIGHT WAY
                               BOISE, IDAHO 83709

                                           , 2001

To Our Shareholders:

     You are cordially invited to attend the special meeting of shareholders of
Micron Electronics, Inc. to be held at the                on             , 2001
at 10:00 a.m., Eastern time.

     The matters expected to be acted upon at the special meeting relate to a
proposed merger that will cause Interland, Inc. to become a wholly owned
subsidiary of Micron Electronics and are described in detail in the attached
notice of special meeting of shareholders and joint proxy statement/prospectus.

     After careful consideration, your board of directors has approved the
merger with Interland, Inc. and determined that the issuance of shares of our
common stock in the merger, the amendment of our articles of incorporation and
bylaws, the increase in the size of the Micron Electronics board of directors
and the election of directors in connection with the merger is advisable and
fair to, and in the best interests of, Micron Electronics and its shareholders.
Micron Electronics' board of directors has approved these proposals in
connection with the merger and recommends that you approve these items.

     It is important that you use this opportunity to take part in the affairs
of Micron Electronics by voting on the business to come before this special
meeting. WHETHER OR NOT YOU EXPECT TO ATTEND THE SPECIAL MEETING, PLEASE
COMPLETE, DATE, SIGN AND PROMPTLY RETURN THE ACCOMPANYING PROXY IN THE ENCLOSED
POSTAGE-PAID ENVELOPE SO THAT YOUR SHARES MAY BE REPRESENTED AT THE MEETING.
YOUR VOTE IS VERY IMPORTANT. Returning the proxy does not deprive you of your
right to attend the special meeting and to vote your shares in person.

                                          Sincerely,

                                          [SIGNATURE]

                                          Joel J. Kocher
                                          Chairman and
                                          Chief Executive Officer

     This joint proxy statement/prospectus is dated                     , 2001
and was first mailed to shareholders on or about             , 2001.

                                     [LOGO]
                           -------------------------

                   NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS
                           -------------------------

To Our Shareholders:

     The special meeting of shareholders of Micron Electronics, Inc. will be
held at the                at 10:00 a.m., Eastern time on             , 2001 for
the following purposes to:

          1. Approve the issuance of shares of Micron Electronics common stock
     in the merger of a subsidiary of Micron Electronics with and into
     Interland, Inc. The merger agreement relating to the proposed merger is
     included as Annex A to the attached joint proxy statement/prospectus. In
     the merger, Micron Electronics will issue 0.861 shares of common stock for
     each share of outstanding Interland common stock, subject to adjustment
     under specific circumstances described in the merger agreement.

          2. Approve an amendment to Micron Electronics' articles of
     incorporation to increase the number of authorized shares of capital stock
     to 200,000,000 shares and change the name of Micron Electronics to
     "Interland, Inc." upon the closing of the merger.

          3. Approve an amendment to Micron Electronics' bylaws to:

        - provide that all directors shall hold office for a period of at least
          two years after the closing of the merger;

        - permit the removal of directors only for "cause" during the two-year
          period following the closing of the merger;

        - effective after the expiration of the two-year period after the
          closing of the merger, change the term of all directors to an
          indefinite term, and permit their removal with or without cause; and

        - authorize the board of directors to decrease the size of the board in
          the future.

          4. Increase the size of the Micron Electronics board of directors to
     eight (8) members;

          5. Elect three additional directors to the Micron Electronics board of
     directors. Micron Electronics presents the following nominees for election
     as directors:

                         Kenneth Gavranovic
                         Gregg A. Mockenhaupt
                         [ADDITIONAL NOMINEE TO BE ADDED BY AMENDMENT]

          6. Transact any other business that may properly come before the
     meeting or any adjournment.

     The merger cannot be completed unless the holders of a majority of the
shares of Micron Electronics common stock represented in person or by proxy at
the meeting approve these proposals.

     The merger is discussed in more detail in the sections of the attached
joint proxy statement/prospectus entitled "The Merger and Related Transactions"
and "The Merger Agreement." You should read the attached joint proxy
statement/prospectus carefully.

     Only shareholders of record at the close of business on             , 2001,
are entitled to notice of and to vote at the meeting or any adjournment of the
meeting.

                                      By Order of the Board of Directors
                                      of Micron Electronics, Inc.

                                      [SIGNATURE]

                                      Brian T. Hansen
                                      Secretary

Boise, Idaho
            , 2001

 WHETHER OR NOT YOU PLAN TO ATTEND THE MEETING, PLEASE COMPLETE, SIGN, DATE AND
 RETURN THE ACCOMPANYING PROXY IN THE ENCLOSED SELF-ADDRESSED STAMPED ENVELOPE.

                               [LOGO/LETTERHEAD]

                                           , 2001

To Our Shareholders:

     On behalf of the board of directors and management of Interland, Inc., I
cordially invite you to a special meeting of shareholders of Interland to be
held on             , 2001, at   a.m., Eastern time, at                .

     At the special meeting, shareholders will be asked to consider and approve
the proposed merger that will cause Interland to become a wholly owned
subsidiary of Micron Electronics, Inc. This proposed merger will combine the Web
hosting businesses of both companies and will retain the Interland name. In the
merger, each share of common stock of Interland will be canceled and
extinguished and automatically converted into a right to receive 0.8610 shares
of common stock of Micron Electronics, subject to upward adjustment under
specific circumstances described in the merger agreement. The proposed merger is
described in detail in the attached notice of special meeting of shareholders
and the joint proxy statement/prospectus.

     After careful consideration, your board of directors has approved the
merger and the merger agreement with Micron Electronics and determined the
merger to be fair to and in the best interests of Interland and its
shareholders.

     It is important that your shares of stock be represented at the special
meeting, regardless of the number of shares you hold. You are encouraged to vote
by marking and dating the enclosed proxy card. However, if you wish to vote for
approval of the proposed merger and for approval and adoption of the merger
agreement, all you need to do is sign and date the proxy card.

     Please complete and return the proxy card in the enclosed envelope, whether
or not you plan to attend the special meeting. If you do attend and wish to vote
in person, you may revoke your proxy at that time. Returning the proxy does not
deprive you of your right to attend the special meeting and to vote your shares
in person.

     I hope you are able to attend the special meeting, and look forward to
seeing you there.

                                          Sincerely,

                                          [SIGNATURE]

                                          Kenneth Gavranovic
                                          Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

     This joint proxy statement/prospectus is dated                     , 2001
and was first mailed to shareholders on or about             , 2001.

     THE MERGER AND AN INVESTMENT IN THE SHARES OF MICRON ELECTRONICS COMMON
STOCK TO BE ISSUED IN THE MERGER INVOLVES RISKS. YOU SHOULD CAREFULLY CONSIDER
THE DISCUSSION IN THE SECTION ENTITLED "RISK FACTORS" BEGINNING ON PAGE 20 OF
THIS JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS.

                                     [LOGO]
                          303 PEACHTREE CENTER AVENUE
                                   SUITE 500
                             ATLANTA, GEORGIA 30303
                           -------------------------

                   NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS
                           -------------------------

     The special meeting of shareholders of Interland, Inc. will be held at
a.m., Eastern time, on             , 2001, at                for the following
purposes:

           1. To approve the merger of Imagine Acquisition Corporation, a wholly
     owned subsidiary of Micron Electronics, Inc. with and into Interland, Inc.
     and approve and adopt a merger agreement with Micron Electronics. The
     merger agreement relating to the proposed merger is included as Annex A to
     the attached joint proxy statement/prospectus. In the merger, Micron
     Electronics will issue 0.861 shares of common stock for each share of
     outstanding Interland common stock, subject to adjustment under specific
     circumstances described in the merger agreement.

           2. To consider such other matters as may properly come before the
     meeting and any adjournment or postponement thereof.

     The merger cannot be completed unless the holders of a majority of
outstanding shares of Interland common stock approve the merger and approve and
adopt the merger agreement.

     The merger is discussed in more detail in the sections of the attached
joint proxy statement/ prospectus entitled "The Merger and Related Transactions"
and "The Merger Agreement." You should read the attached joint proxy
statement/prospectus carefully.

     Only shareholders of record on             , 2001, are entitled to notice
of and to vote at the special meeting and any adjournment or postponement.

                                          BY ORDER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

                                          [SIGNATURE]

                                          H. Christopher Covington
                                          Secretary

Atlanta, Georgia
            , 2001

     WHETHER OR NOT YOU EXPECT TO BE PRESENT AT THE SPECIAL MEETING, PLEASE FILL
IN, DATE, SIGN, AND PROMPTLY RETURN THE ENCLOSED PROXY CARD IN THE ENCLOSED
BUSINESS REPLY ENVELOPE. THE PROXY MAY BE REVOKED AT ANY TIME PRIOR TO EXERCISE,
AND IF YOU ARE PRESENT AT THE SPECIAL MEETING, YOU MAY REVOKE YOUR PROXY AT THAT
TIME AND EXERCISE THE RIGHT TO VOTE YOUR SHARES PERSONALLY.

                               section 13(a), 13(c), 14 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, after the date of this document
and before the date of the Micron Electronics special meeting are incorporated
by reference into and to be a part of this joint proxy statement/prospectus from
the date of filing of those documents.

     YOU SHOULD RELY ONLY ON THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT OR TO
WHICH WE HAVE REFERRED YOU. WE HAVE NOT AUTHORIZED ANYONE TO PROVIDE YOU WITH
INFORMATION THAT IS DIFFERENT.

     The following documents, which have been filed by Micron Electronics with
the Securities and Exchange Commission, are incorporated by reference into this
joint proxy statement/prospectus:

     - Micron Electronics' annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
       August 31, 2000;

     - Micron Electronics' quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended
       November 30, 2000 and March 1, 2001;

     - Micron Electronics' current reports on Form 8-K filed April 10, 2001,
       April 10, 2001 and April 20, 2001;

     - Micron Electronics' registration statement on Form 8-A, SEC file number
       0-17932, which describes Micron Electronics' common stock, together with
       any other document filed for the purpose of updating that description;
       and

     - Micron Electronics' definitive proxy statement for the 2000 meeting of
       Micron Electronics' shareholders filed with the SEC on October 26, 2000.

     Any statement contained in a document incorporated or deemed to be
incorporated in this document by reference will be deemed to be modified or
superseded for purposes of this joint proxy statement/ prospectus to the extent
that a statement contained in this document, or any other subsequently filed
document that is deemed to be incorporated in this document by reference,
modifies or supersedes the statement. Any statement so modified or superseded
will not be deemed, except as so modified or superseded, to constitute a part of
this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

                      WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

     The documents incorporated by reference into this joint proxy
statement/prospectus are available from Micron Electronics upon request. Micron
Electronics will provide a copy of any and all of the information that is
incorporated by reference in this joint proxy statement/prospectus not including
exhibits to the information unless those exhibits are specifically incorporated
by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus, to you, without charge,
upon written or oral request. YOU SHOULD MAKE ANY REQUEST FOR DOCUMENTS BY
            , 2001 TO ENSURE TIMELY DELIVERY OF THE DOCUMENTS.

Requests for documents should be directed to:

Micron Electronics, Inc.
1450 Eagle Flight Way
Boise, Idaho 83709
Attn: Brian T. Hansen
      (208) 898-3994

     Micron Electronics files reports, proxy statements and other information
with the SEC. Copies of these reports, proxy statements and other information
may be inspected and copied at the public reference facilities maintained by the
SEC:

       Judiciary Plaza                 Citicorp Center             Seven World Trade Center
          Room 1024                500 West Madison Street                13th Floor
    450 Fifth Street, N.W.                Suite 1400               New York, New York 10048
    Washington, D.C. 20549         Chicago, Illinois 60661

     Copies of these materials can also be obtained by mail at prescribed rates
from the Public Reference section of the SEC, 450 Fifth Street, N.W.,
Washington, D.C. 20549 or by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC
maintains a Web site that contains reports, proxy statements and other
information regarding both Micron Electronics and Interland. The address of the
SEC Web site is http://www.sec.gov.

     Micron Electronics has filed a registration statement under the Securities
Act of 1933 with the SEC with respect to Micron Electronics' common stock to be
issued to Interland shareholders in the merger. This joint proxy
statement/prospectus constitutes the prospectus of Micron Electronics filed as
part of the registration statement. This joint proxy statement/prospectus does
not contain all of the information set forth in the registration statement
because some parts of the registration statement are omitted as provided by the
rules and regulations of the SEC. You may inspect and copy the registration
statement at any of the addresses listed above.

     THIS DOCUMENT DOES NOT CONSTITUTE AN OFFER TO SELL, OR A SOLICITATION OF AN
OFFER TO PURCHASE, THE MICRON ELECTRONICS COMMON STOCK OR THE SOLICITATION OF A
PROXY, IN ANY JURISDICTION TO OR FROM ANY PERSON TO WHOM OR FROM WHOM IT IS
UNLAWFUL TO MAKE THE OFFER, SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER OR PROXY SOLICITATION IN
THAT JURISDICTION. NEITHER THE DELIVERY OF THIS JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS
NOR ANY DISTRIBUTION OF SECURITIES MEANS, UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES, THAT THERE
HAS BEEN NO CHANGE IN THE INFORMATION SET FORTH OR INCORPORATED IN THIS DOCUMENT
BY REFERENCE OR IN OUR AFFAIRS SINCE THE DATE OF THIS JOINT PROXY
STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS. THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT WITH RESPECT TO
INTERLAND AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES WAS PROVIDED BY INTERLAND AND THE INFORMATION
CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT WITH RESPECT TO MICRON ELECTRONICS AND ITS
SUBSIDIARIES WAS PROVIDED BY MICRON ELECTRONICS.

                     QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE MERGER

Q: WHAT IS THE MERGER?

A: In the merger, Interland will become a wholly owned subsidiary of Micron
   Electronics. Based on the capitalization of Micron Electronics and Interland
   as of March 31, 2001 and assuming no adjustments to the exchange ratio, the
   shareholders of Interland will receive a number of shares of Micron
   Electronics common stock representing approximately 30% of Micron
   Electronics' outstanding common stock, subject to adjustment under the
   circumstances described below.

Q: WHAT WILL INTERLAND'S SHAREHOLDERS RECEIVE IN THE MERGER?

A: Interland's shareholders will receive 0.8610 shares of Micron Electronics
   common stock for each share of Interland common stock they own, subject to
   adjustment under the circumstances described below. Micron Electronics will
   not issue fractional shares of stock. Therefore, Interland's shareholders
   will receive cash based on the market price of Micron Electronics common
   stock on the day prior to the effectiveness of the merger instead of any
   fractional share. For example, if the exchange ratio remains 0.8610, a holder
   of 100 shares of Interland common stock will receive 86 shares of Micron
   Electronics common stock and an amount of cash equal to 0.1 times the market
   price of a share of Micron Electronics common stock on the day prior to the
   effectiveness of the merger.

   The total number of shares of Micron Electronics common stock to be issued
   for each share of Interland common stock will not be adjusted based upon
   changes in the value of the shares of Micron Electronics or Interland common
   stock. As a result, the dollar value of the shares that Interland's
   shareholders will receive in the merger will not be known prior to the time
   of the merger and may go up or down as the market price of Micron Electronics
   common stock goes up or down. The merger agreement cannot be terminated based
   solely on changes in the value of Interland or Micron Electronics common
   stock.

Q: WILL THE EXCHANGE RATIO FOR INTERLAND SHAREHOLDERS BE ADJUSTED?

A: The exchange ratio cannot be decreased. The exchange ratio could be increased
   if Micron Electronics has less than $200.0 million in cash and cash
   equivalents, including any amounts to be received by Micron Electronics for
   tax refunds, on the date of the closing of the merger, less the amount of any
   reserves for liabilities unrelated to Micron Electronics' HostPro business.
   The amount of any loan made to Interland by Micron Electronics under the
   bridge loan described in this document will count towards this $200.0 million
   amount for purposes of determining whether the exchange ratio will be
   increased. Annex D to this joint proxy statement/prospectus describes how the
   level of Micron Electronics' cash and cash equivalents, less any reserves and
   bridge loans, at the closing could affect the exchange ratio.

Q: DO THE BOARDS OF DIRECTORS OF INTERLAND AND MICRON ELECTRONICS RECOMMEND
   VOTING IN FAVOR OF THE PROPOSALS DESCRIBED IN THIS DOCUMENT?

A: Yes. After careful consideration, Interland's board of directors recommends
   that its shareholders vote in favor of the merger agreement and the proposed
   merger. Likewise, after careful consideration, Micron Electronics' board of
   directors recommends that its shareholders vote in favor of the issuance of
   Micron Electronics common stock in the merger, the amendments to its articles
   of incorporation, the amendments to its bylaws, the increase in the size of
   the board of directors and the election of the three new directors.

   For a more complete description of the recommendations of the boards of
   directors of both companies, see the sections entitled "The Merger and
   Related Transactions -- Micron Electronics' reasons for the merger" on page
   48, "-- Recommendation of the Micron Electronics board of directors" on page
   49, "-- Interland's reasons for the merger" on page 50 and "-- Recommendation
   of the Interland board of directors" on page 52.

Q: WHAT IS HAPPENING TO MICRON ELECTRONICS' PC SYSTEMS BUSINESS?

A: On April 30, 2001, Micron Electronics entered into a definitive agreement to
   sell its PC Systems business to GTG PC Holdings, LLC, an affiliate of the
   Gores Technology Group. Under the terms of the agreement, GTG PC will receive
   assets and assume liabilities of the PC Systems business, and Micron
   Electronics will also make a $70.0 million cash contribution to the business.
   Micron Electronics is required to meet certain working capital requirements
   based on the net assets and liabilities to be transferred to GTG PC. An
   additional capital contribution may be required if Micron Electronics does
   not meet these working capital requirements.

   For a more complete description of the sale of the PC Systems business to GTG
   PC, see the section entitled "Recent Development with Respect to Micron
   Electronics" on page 118.

Q: WHAT IS HAPPENING TO MICRON ELECTRONICS' SPECTEK BUSINESS?

A: On April 5, 2001, Micron Electronics sold its SpecTek component recovery
   business and other real property and intellectual property assets, to Micron
   Technology, Inc., the parent company of Micron Electronics. Micron Technology
   was entitled to purchase the SpecTek business under an existing component
   recovery agreement, originally entered into by the parties in September 1999
   and amended in November 2000.

Q: WILL MICRON ELECTRONICS' SHAREHOLDERS BE ENTITLED TO RECEIVE ANY
   CONSIDERATION IN THE MERGER OR ANY OTHER CASH PAYMENTS AND WHEN?

A: Micron Electronics shareholders will not receive any consideration in the
   merger, but will continue to own their shares of Micron Electronics common
   stock after the merger.

   It is possible that Micron Electronics shareholders may receive a cash
   payment after the closing of the merger. To the extent that Micron
   Electronics has a specified amount of excess cash at the merger closing or
   receives net proceeds from the sale of its PC Systems business within three
   years after the closing of the sale of the PC Systems business, the Micron
   Electronics shareholders of record as of the close of trading on the closing
   date for the merger may be entitled to receive pro rata cash payments.
   However, any excess cash and net sales proceeds must be held in escrow for
   six months after the closing of the merger to fund liabilities that are
   unrelated to the HostPro business. The right to receive any cash payments is
   granted to these persons individually, is not transferable and will not
   attach to or trade with the common stock of Micron Electronics. The Interland
   shareholders will not receive any of those cash payments.

   A number of other factors may affect whether funds will be available to make
   these payments. As of the date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus,
   Micron Electronics does not currently expect that a cash payment will be
   made. For a more complete description of the possible cash payments, see the
   section entitled "The Merger and Related Transactions -- Potential cash
   payment to Micron Electronics' shareholders" on page 71.

Q: ARE THERE RISKS I SHOULD CONSIDER IN DECIDING WHETHER TO VOTE FOR THE MERGER?

A: Yes. For example, the number of shares of Micron Electronics common stock
   that Interland shareholders will receive will not be adjusted based on
   changes in the market price of Micron Electronics or Interland common stock
   before the completion of the merger. We urge you to obtain current market
   quotations of Micron Electronics common stock and Interland common stock.

   In evaluating the merger, you should also carefully consider this and other
   factors discussed in the section entitled "Risk Factors" beginning on page
   20.

Q: WHAT DO I NEED TO DO NOW?

A: Mail your signed proxy card in the enclosed return envelope as soon as
   possible so that your shares may be represented at your meeting. If you do
   not include instructions on how to vote your properly signed proxy, your
   shares will be voted "FOR" approval of the merger and approval and adoption
   of the merger agreement (for Interland's shareholders) or "FOR" approval of
   the issuance of shares of Micron Electronics common stock in the merger, the
   amendment to the Micron Electronics articles of incorporation, the amendments
   to the bylaws, the increase in the size of the Micron Electronics board of
   directors and the election of the three additional Micron Electronics
   directors (for Micron Electronics' shareholders).

   For a more complete description of voting at the meetings, see the sections
   entitled "The Micron Electronics Special Meeting -- Voting of proxies" on
   page 40 and "The Interland Special Meeting -- Voting of proxies" on page 42.

Q: WHAT DO I DO IF I WANT TO CHANGE MY VOTE?

A: If you want to change your vote, send the secretary of Micron Electronics or
   Interland, as appropriate, a later-dated, signed proxy card before your
   meeting or attend your meeting in person. You may also revoke your proxy by
   sending written notice to the secretary of Micron Electronics or Interland,
   as appropriate, before your meeting.

   For a more complete description of how to change your vote, see the sections
   entitled "The Micron Electronics Special Meeting -- Voting of proxies" on
   page 40 and "The Interland Special Meeting -- Voting of proxies" on page 42.

Q: IF MY SHARES ARE HELD IN "STREET NAME" BY MY BROKER, WILL MY BROKER VOTE MY
   SHARES FOR ME?

A: Your broker will vote your shares only if you provide instructions on how to
   vote by following the information provided to you by your broker.

   For a more complete description of how to vote your shares, see the sections
   entitled "The Micron Electronics Special Meeting -- Voting of proxies" on
   page 40 and "The Interland Special Meeting -- Voting of proxies" on page 42.

Q: I AM AN INTERLAND SHAREHOLDER, SHOULD I SEND IN MY INTERLAND STOCK
CERTIFICATES NOW?

A: No. After the merger is completed, Micron Electronics will send all Interland
   shareholders written instructions for exchanging their Interland stock
   certificates for Micron Electronics stock certificates.

Q: WHEN DO YOU EXPECT THE MERGER TO BE COMPLETED?

A: We are working toward completing the merger as quickly as possible. We hope
   to complete the merger during the third quarter of calendar year 2001.

   For a more complete description of the conditions to the merger, see the
   section entitled "The Merger Agreement -- Conditions to closing the merger"
   on page 82.

Q: WILL I RECOGNIZE A GAIN OR LOSS IN THE MERGER ON THE CONVERSION OF MY
INTERLAND SHARES?

A: We expect that if the merger is completed, Interland shareholders will not
   recognize gain or loss for United States federal income tax purposes on the
   conversion of their shares in the merger, except that Interland's
   shareholders will recognize gain or loss with respect to cash received
   instead of fractional shares. However, Interland's shareholders are urged to
   consult their own tax advisors to determine their particular tax
   consequences.

   For a more complete description of the tax consequences of the merger, see
   the section entitled "The Merger and Related Transactions -- Material United
   States federal income tax consequences of the merger" on page 72.

Q: AM I ENTITLED TO DISSENTERS' OR APPRAISAL RIGHTS?

A: No. Under Georgia law, holders of Interland common stock are not entitled to
   dissenters' or appraisal rights in the merger. Under Minnesota law, holders
   of Micron Electronics common stock are not entitled to dissenters' or
   appraisal rights with respect to the merger.

Q: WHOM SHOULD I CALL WITH QUESTIONS?

A: Interland's shareholders should call Interland Investor Relations at (877)
   216-3820 with any questions about the merger. Micron Electronics'
   shareholders should call Micron Electronics Investor Relations (213) 251-6502
   at with any questions about the merger.

   You may also obtain additional information about Micron Electronics from
   documents it files with the Securities and Exchange Commission by following
   the instructions in the section entitled "Where You Can Find More
   Information" on page 1.

                SUMMARY OF THE JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS

                                 THE COMPANIES

                                     [LOGO]

                            MICRON ELECTRONICS, INC.
                             1450 Eagle Flight Way
                               Boise, Idaho 83709
                              Tel: (208) 898-3434

     Micron Electronics, through its HostPro subsidiary, is a leading Web
hosting company that offers a broad range of business-to-business Internet
products and services, including managed dedicated hosting services, co-location
and connectivity services, electronic commerce services, application hosting,
and other Web hosting products.

     Micron Electronics operates state-of-the-art data centers in Los Angeles,
California; Seattle, Washington; Moses Lake, Washington; Boca Raton, Florida;
and Boise, Idaho, that provide Web and application hosting products and services
specifically designed to meet the needs of small-and medium-sized businesses.
Micron Electronics manages more than 114,000 paid hosted Web sites and more than
57,000 paid hosting accounts.

     Micron Electronics historically operated in three business segments: PC
Systems, SpecTek and HostPro. The primary products of the PC Systems business
included a range of desktop and notebook computer systems, multiprocessor
network servers and hardware services. SpecTek processed and marketed various
grades of memory products in either component or module form for specific
applications. HostPro focused on the Internet access and Web hosting products
and services.

     The operations of SpecTek were transferred to Micron Technology, Micron
Electronics' parent company, on April 5, 2001. On April 30, 2001, Micron
Electronics entered into a definitive agreement to sell its PC Systems business
to GTG PC Holdings, LLC, an affiliate of the Gores Technology Group. As a result
of the disposition of the SpecTek business and following the expected
disposition of the PC Systems business, the operations of HostPro will
constitute the business of Micron Electronics.

                                     [LOGO]

                                INTERLAND, INC.
                          303 Peachtree Center Avenue
                             Atlanta, Georgia 30303
                              Tel: (404) 260-2477

     Interland provides a broad range of Web and applications hosting, managed
services and other related Web-based business solutions specifically designed to
meet the needs of small to medium-sized businesses. Interland's Web hosting
services include the computer hardware, software, network technology and systems
management necessary to support its customers' Web sites. Through application
hosting services, Interland deploys, configures and supports various software
applications that customers can access over the Internet. Interland's managed
services include system administration, data backup and recovery, and network
monitoring.

     Interland's Web hosting business began in September 1997 and as of March
31, 2001 had approximately 54,000 customer accounts. During this time, Interland
has developed key strategic relationships with Microsoft, Verizon, and VeriSign,
all of which have made equity investments in Interland. In addition, Interland
has a private label distribution relationship with Road Runner. Interland also
has strong business relationships with leading technology providers including
Cisco, Cobalt Networks, Compaq, Hewlett-Packard, Red Hat, Internet Security
Systems, Veritas and Open Wave.

     Interland bases its hosting services mainly on the Microsoft NT and Red Hat
Linux operating systems. Interland generally sells services to customers under
fully pre-paid contracts that are typically between three months and two years
in length. Interland's operations are currently carried out in a single data
center located in Atlanta, Georgia. This data center is located in close
proximity to the major access points of Internet connectivity providers.

                           SUMMARY OF THE TRANSACTION

THE MERGER

     In the merger, Interland and a wholly owned subsidiary of Micron
Electronics will merge, and as a result, Interland will survive the merger and
become a wholly owned subsidiary of Micron Electronics. At the closing of the
merger Micron Electronics' name will be changed to Interland, Inc.

     The merger agreement is attached to this joint proxy statement/prospectus
as Annex A. We encourage you to read the merger agreement carefully.

NO OTHER NEGOTIATIONS

     Until the merger is completed or the merger agreement is terminated,
Interland has agreed, with limited exceptions, not to take any direct or
indirect action with respect to an Acquisition Proposal, as defined on page 81
of this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

     If Interland receives an unsolicited, written, bona fide Acquisition
Proposal that its board of directors reasonably concludes may constitute a
Superior Offer, as defined on page 81 of this document, based on written advice
of a financial advisor of national standing, Interland may furnish non-public
information regarding itself and may enter into discussions with the person or
group who has made the Acquisition Proposal if it provides written notice to
Micron Electronics and follows other specified procedures. These procedures
include the conclusion of Interland's board of directors that, after
consultation with its outside counsel, action is required in order to comply
with its fiduciary obligations to Interland's shareholders. Interland has agreed
to inform Micron Electronics promptly as to any Acquisition Proposal or request
for non-public information or inquiry that it reasonably believes would lead to
an Acquisition Proposal. Interland has also agreed to inform Micron Electronics
of the status and details of any Acquisition Proposal.

     The merger agreement permits the board of directors of Interland to change
its recommendation to vote in favor of the merger if it receives a Superior
Offer and Micron Electronics does not respond with a corresponding offer at
least as favorable as the Superior Offer.

     For a more complete description of these limitations on each of our actions
with respect to an Acquisition Proposal, please refer to the sections entitled
"The Merger Agreement -- No other negotiations," on page 80, "-- Termination of
the merger agreement" on page 84 and "-- Termination fee" on page 86 of this
joint proxy statement/prospectus and the corresponding sections of the merger
agreement.

CONDITIONS TO COMPLETION OF THE MERGER

     The completion of the merger depends upon both companies meeting a number
of conditions, including:

     - Interland's shareholders must approve the merger and approve and adopt
       the merger agreement;

     - Micron Electronics' shareholders must approve the issuance of the shares
       of Micron Electronics common stock to be issued in the merger, as well as
       the amendment to Micron Electronics' articles of incorporation and
       bylaws, the increase in the size of the Micron Electronics board of
       directors and the election of the three directors described in this joint
       proxy statement/prospectus;

     - no governmental entity shall have enacted a law, regulation or order that
       has the effect of making the merger illegal;

     - the representations and warranties of each of us in the merger agreement
       must be true and correct;

     - we must have complied in all material respects with our agreements in the
       merger agreement;

     - no material adverse effect with respect to the HostPro business or
       Interland shall have occurred;

     - all consents and approvals, which if not obtained would have a material
       adverse effect on the combined company and its subsidiaries, must have
       been obtained; and

     - the employment agreement by and between Micron Electronics and Kenneth
       Gavranovic dated April 22, 2001 will be in effect. Mr. Gavranovic will
       become the vice chairman and chief technical officer of the combined
       company under this agreement.

     If either Micron Electronics or Interland waives any conditions, Micron
Electronics and Interland will consider the facts and circumstances at that time
and make a determination as to whether a resolicitation of proxies from
shareholders is appropriate.

VOTES REQUIRED FOR APPROVAL

     The holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Interland common
stock must approve the merger and approve and adopt the merger agreement.
Interland shareholders are entitled to cast one vote per share of Interland
common stock owned as of             , 2001, the record date for the meeting. A
group of shareholders of Interland has agreed to vote an aggregate of
approximately 38% of the outstanding Interland common stock, determined as of
March 15, 2001, in favor of approval of the merger and approval and adoption of
the merger agreement. Directors and executive officers of Interland collectively
beneficially owned an aggregate of approximately      % of the outstanding
Interland common stock as of the record date.

     Micron Electronics' shareholders will be asked to approve the following
proposals:

     - The issuance of Micron Electronics common stock in the merger with
       Interland;

     - An amendment to Micron Electronics' articles of incorporation;

     - An amendment to Micron Electronics' bylaws;

     - An increase in the size of the Micron Electronics' board of directors;
       and

     - The election of three additional directors to Micron Electronics' board
       of directors.

     The holders of a majority of the total shares of Micron Electronics common
stock represented in person or by proxy at the meeting must approve the
proposals submitted for approval at the Micron Electronics meeting. Micron
Technology, a shareholder of Micron Electronics that beneficially owned
approximately 61% of the outstanding Micron Electronics common stock as of March
22, 2001, has agreed to vote in favor of approval of the proposals. Micron
Technology, together with the directors and executive officers of Micron
Electronics, collectively beneficially owned an additional      % of the
outstanding shares of Micron Electronics common stock as of the record date for
the Micron Electronics meeting.

     The section of this joint proxy statement/prospectus entitled "The Merger
and Related Transactions" beginning on page 44, describes the proposed merger in
greater detail. For Micron Electronics shareholders, the section of this joint
proxy statement/prospectus entitled "Additional Matters Being Submitted to a
Vote of Only Micron Electronics Shareholders" beginning on page 110, describes
the other proposals to be voted upon at the Micron Electronics meeting.

TERMINATION OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT

     The merger agreement may be terminated by the mutual written consent of
each of the boards of directors of Micron Electronics and Interland.

     In addition, subject to qualifications, the merger agreement may be
terminated by either of the parties under any of the following circumstances:

     - if the merger is not completed by November 30, 2001, so long as the
       action or failure to act by the terminating party was not the principal
       cause of the merger not being completed and the action or failure to act
       was not a breach of the merger agreement;

     - if an injunction or order is issued by a governmental entity prohibiting
       the merger and is final and not appealable;

     - if the Interland shareholders do not approve and adopt the merger
       agreement; however, Interland may not terminate the agreement if the
       failure to obtain shareholder approval resulted from its breach of the
       merger agreement or the breach of the voting agreement described in the
       section entitled "Related Agreements -- Voting agreement" by any party to
       the agreement other than Micron Electronics;

     - if the Micron Electronics shareholders do not approve the proposals to be
       voted upon by them in this joint proxy statement/prospectus; however,
       Micron Electronics may not terminate the agreement if the failure to
       obtain shareholder approval resulted from its breach of the merger
       agreement; or

     - if the conditions to completion of the merger would not be satisfied (1)
       because of a breach of an agreement in the merger agreement by the other,
       or (2) because a representation or warranty of the other in the merger
       agreement becomes untrue, and that breach or inaccuracy is not cured by
       the party making that representation within 30 days, if the inaccuracy is
       curable.

     Micron Electronics may terminate the merger agreement if any of the
following "TRIGGERING EVENTS" occurs:

     - Interland's board of directors withdraws or changes its recommendation to
       its shareholders in favor of the approval of the merger and approval and
       adoption of the merger agreement;

     - Interland fails to include in this joint proxy statement/prospectus the
       recommendation of its board of directors in favor of the approval of the
       merger and adoption and approval of the merger agreement;

     - Interland's board of directors fails to reaffirm its recommendation of
       the merger upon the request of Micron Electronics after an Acquisition
       Proposal involving Interland has been publicly announced;

     - Interland's board of directors approves or publicly recommends an
       Acquisition Proposal involving Interland;

     - Interland enters into a letter of intent or other similar document or
       agreement relating to an Acquisition Proposal involving Interland;

     - Interland breaches its non-solicitation obligations or breaches the
       provisions of the merger agreement relating to the holding of the
       Interland shareholder meeting; or

     - any tender or exchange offer by a person not affiliated with Micron
       Electronics relating to securities of Interland commences and Interland
       does not recommend the rejection of that tender offer or exchange offer.

     Additionally, Interland may terminate the merger agreement if the Net
Available Cash is less than $100.0 million at the closing of the merger unless
Micron Electronics shall have advanced more than $10.0 million under the bridge
loan agreement described in greater detail below.

     For a more complete description of the manner in which the merger agreement
may be terminated, see the sections entitled "The Merger
Agreement -- Termination of the merger agreement" on page 84 and "Related
Agreements -- Bridge loan and security agreement" on page 90.

TERMINATION FEE

     Micron Electronics would be entitled to a termination fee of $3.5 million
if the merger agreement is terminated upon the occurrence of the triggering
events summarized above, which would be increased to up to $5.6 million to the
extent that Interland borrows funds from Micron Electronics under the bridge
loan agreement. Interland would also be obligated to pay the termination fee in
the event that the merger agreement is terminated under other provisions of the
merger agreement. If the merger agreement is

terminated due to Micron Electronics' failure to obtain the appropriate approval
of its shareholders, Interland would be entitled to a termination fee of $3.5
million.

     For a more complete description of the payment of the termination fee, see
the section entitled "The Merger Agreement -- Termination fee" on page 86.

RELATED AGREEMENTS

Voting agreement

     In connection with the merger agreement, Micron Electronics, Micron
Technology and some Interland shareholders entered into a voting agreement. This
agreement requires those Interland shareholders to vote an aggregate of
17,994,964 shares of Interland common stock held by them in favor of the merger
and against any proposal made in opposition to or in competition with the
merger. These shares constituted approximately 38% of Interland's outstanding
common stock in the aggregate as of March 15, 2001. Additionally, under this
voting agreement, Micron Technology agreed to vote the 58,622,863 shares of
Micron Electronics common stock that it beneficially holds in favor of the
issuance of Micron Electronics common stock in the merger, the amendments to the
Micron Electronics articles of incorporation and bylaws, the increase in the
size of the Micron Electronics board of directors and the election of directors.
These shares constituted approximately 61% of Micron Electronics' outstanding
common stock as of March 22, 2001.

     For a more complete description of this voting agreement, please refer to
the section entitled "Related Agreements -- Voting agreement" on page 88. The
voting agreement is attached to this document as Annex E, and you are encouraged
to read it in its entirety.

Amended and restated registration rights agreement

     In the merger agreement, Interland agreed to use its best efforts to cause
the parties to the current Interland registration rights agreement to amend and
restate that agreement. This amended and restated agreement will require Micron
Electronics to file a registration statement with the Securities and Exchange
Commission registering for public resale at least 25% of the registrable
securities upon the request by parties to this agreement who own at least 50% of
these registrable securities of Micron Electronics common stock. In addition,
the parties to this agreement will be entitled to "piggyback" registration
rights.

     For a more complete description of this amended and restated registration
rights agreement, please refer to the section entitled "Related
Agreements -- Amended and restated registration rights agreement" on page 89.

MTI registration rights agreement

     In connection with the merger agreement, Micron Electronics, Interland and
Micron Technology entered into a registration rights agreement under which
Micron Electronics granted Micron Technology registration rights with respect to
the shares of Micron Electronics common stock that Micron Technology owns.
Micron Technology is entitled to require Micron Electronics to register its
shares of Micron Electronics common stock on its request and it will also be
entitled to "piggyback" registration rights.

     For a more complete description of this MTI registration rights agreement,
please refer to the section entitled "Related Agreements -- The MTI registration
rights agreement" on page 89.

Shareholder agreement

     In connection with the merger agreement, Micron Electronics, Joel J.
Kocher, the chairman and chief executive officer of Micron Electronics, and some
Interland shareholders entered into a shareholder agreement. Under this
agreement, Mr. Kocher and those Interland shareholders who will hold an
aggregate of approximately 12% of the combined company's outstanding shares of
common stock assuming an exchange ratio of 0.8610 agreed not to sell the
corresponding number of shares of Micron Electronics

common stock that they will own as a result of the merger for a period of nine
months after the closing of the merger, subject to limited exceptions.

     For a more complete description of this shareholder agreement, please refer
to the section entitled "Related Agreements -- Shareholder agreement" on page
89.

MTI shareholder agreement

     In connection with the merger agreement, Micron Electronics and Micron
Technology entered into the MTI shareholder agreement in which Micron Technology
agreed not to sell any shares of Micron Electronics common stock beneficially
held by it for a period of nine months after the closing of the merger, subject
to limited exceptions. Micron Technology also agreed not to acquire additional
voting securities of Micron Electronics common stock or beneficial ownership of
Micron Electronics common stock for a period of 18 months after the closing of
the merger, subject to limited exceptions. The MTI shareholder agreement also
includes a grant by Micron Technology to Micron Electronics of an option to
purchase at prevailing market prices some of the shares of Micron Electronics
common stock held by Micron Technology.

     For a more complete description of this MTI shareholder agreement, please
refer to the section entitled "Related Agreements -- MTI shareholder agreement"
on page 89.

Bridge loan and security agreement

     In connection with the merger agreement, Micron Electronics entered into a
bridge loan and security agreement with Interland. Under the terms of the bridge
loan and security agreement, if the closing of the merger has not occurred prior
to June 30, 2001, Micron Electronics has agreed to advance up to $10.0 million
in the aggregate to Interland between June 30, 2001 and August 30, 2001. If the
closing of the merger has not occurred prior to August 30, 2001, the loan may be
increased up to a maximum amount of $20.0 million, provided in each case, that
Interland is not primarily responsible for the delay of closing.

     For a more complete description of this bridge loan and security agreement,
please refer to the section entitled "Related Agreements -- Bridge loan and
security agreement" on page 90.

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

     It is a condition to closing that the employment agreement by and between
Micron Electronics and Kenneth Gavranovic dated April 22, 2001 will be in
effect. Mr. Gavranovic will become the vice chairman and chief technical officer
of the combined company under this agreement.

     For a more complete description of this employment agreement assumption and
amendment, please refer to the section entitled "Related
Agreements -- Employment agreement assumption and amendment" on page 90.

OPINION OF MICRON ELECTRONICS' FINANCIAL ADVISOR

     In connection with the merger, the board of directors of Micron Electronics
received an opinion from CIBC World Markets Corp. as to the fairness, to the
holders of Micron Electronics common stock from a financial point of view, of
the exchange ratio provided for in the merger. We have attached the full text of
CIBC World Markets' written opinion dated March 22, 2001 as Annex B to this
joint proxy statement/prospectus. We encourage you to read this opinion
carefully in its entirety for a description of the assumptions made, matters
considered and limitations on the review undertaken. CIBC World Markets' opinion
is addressed to the board of directors of Micron Electronics and relates only to
the fairness of the exchange ratio from a financial point of view. The opinion
does not address any other aspect of the proposed merger and does not constitute
a recommendation to the board of directors or any shareholder as to any matters
relating to the proposed merger.

     For a more complete description of the opinion of the CIBC World Markets,
please refer to the section entitled "The Merger and Related
Transactions -- Opinion of Micron Electronics' financial advisor" on page 52.
The opinion of CIBC World Markets is attached to this document as Annex B.

OPINION OF INTERLAND'S FINANCIAL ADVISOR

     In connection with the merger, the board of directors of Interland received
an opinion from Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc. that the exchange ratio is fair, from a
financial point of view, to holders of Interland common stock. We have attached
the full text of Bear Stearns' written opinion dated March 23, 2001 as Annex C
to this joint proxy statement/prospectus. We encourage you to read this opinion
carefully in its entirety for a description of the assumptions made, matters
considered and limitations on the review undertaken. Bear Stearns' opinion is
addressed to the board of directors of Interland and relates only to the
fairness of the exchange ratio from a financial point of view. The opinion does
not address any other aspect of the proposed merger and does not constitute a
recommendation to the board of directors or any shareholder as to any matters
relating to the proposed merger.

     For a more complete description of the opinion of Bear Stearns, please
refer to the section entitled "The Merger and Related Transactions -- Opinion of
Interland's financial advisor" on page 58. The opinion of Bear Stearns is
attached to this document as Annex C.

ACCOUNTING TREATMENT OF THE MERGER

     Micron Electronics intends to account for the merger as a "purchase" for
financial accounting purposes.

     For a more complete description of the accounting treatment of the merger,
see the section entitled "The Merger and Related Transactions -- Accounting
treatment of the merger" on page 74.

INTERESTS OF CERTAIN PERSONS IN THE MERGER

     When considering the recommendations of Micron Electronics' and Interland's
boards of directors, you should be aware that some of the Micron Electronics'
and Interland's shareholders, directors and officers have interests in the
merger that are different from, or are in addition to, yours. As a result,
persons or entities could be more likely to vote to approve, and recommend the
approval of, the proposals in this joint proxy statement/prospectus than if they
did not hold these interests.

     For a more complete description of these interests, see the section
entitled "The Merger and Related Transactions -- Interests of certain persons in
the merger" on page 68.

ANTITRUST APPROVAL REQUIRED TO COMPLETE THE MERGER

     Under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act, the merger may not
be consummated until 30 days after the filing of information with the Federal
Trade Commission and the U.S. Department of Justice. Micron Electronics and
Interland furnished the required information as of April 11, 2001. The requisite
waiting period with the U.S. Department of Justice and the Federal Trade
Commission has expired. Other than the filing of this information and the merger
documents, Micron Electronics and Interland believe that the merger requires no
approval by any federal, state or other agency. However, the U.S. Department of
Justice or the Federal Trade Commission, as well as any foreign regulatory
agency or government, state or private person, may challenge the merger at any
time before or after its completion.

     For a more complete description of the antitrust issues in connection with
the merger, see the section entitled "The Merger and Related
Transactions -- Regulatory filings and approvals required to complete the
merger" on page 74.

RESTRICTIONS ON THE ABILITY TO SELL MICRON ELECTRONICS STOCK

     All shares of Micron Electronics common stock received by Interland
shareholders in connection with the merger will be freely transferable unless
the holder is considered an affiliate of either of us under the Securities Act.
However, Mr. Kocher and a group of Interland shareholders who will hold
approximately

12% of the combined company's outstanding shares of common stock, assuming an
exchange ratio of 0.8610, agreed not to sell the shares of Micron Electronics
common stock that they will beneficially hold for a period of nine months after
the closing, subject to limited exceptions. Additionally, Micron Technology,
which will own approximately 43% of the outstanding common stock of the combined
company, assuming an exchange ratio of 0.8610, agreed not to sell any shares of
Micron Electronics common stock beneficially held by it for a period of nine
months after the closing of the merger, subject to limited exceptions.

     For a more complete description of transfer restrictions applicable to our
affiliates, see the section entitled "The Merger and Related
Transactions -- Restrictions on sales of shares by affiliates of Interland and
Micron Electronics" on page 74.

COMPARATIVE MARKET PRICE INFORMATION

     Shares of both Micron Electronics and Interland common stock are listed on
the Nasdaq National Market. On March 22, 2001, the last full trading day prior
to the public announcement of the proposed merger, the last trade in Micron
Electronics' common stock closed at $3.44 per share, and the last trade in
Interland's common stock closed at $1.75 per share. On             , 2001,
Micron Electronics' common stock closed at $     per share, and Interland's
common stock closed at $   per share. We urge you to obtain current market
quotations.

     For a more complete description of market price information see the section
entitled "Comparative Per Share Market Price Data" on page 99.

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS IN THIS JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS

     This joint proxy statement/prospectus and the documents incorporated into
this joint proxy statement/prospectus by reference contain forward-looking
statements within the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act. These statements include statements with respect to
Micron Electronics' and Interland's financial condition, results of operations
and business and on the expected impact of the merger on financial performance
of the combined company. Words such as "anticipates," "expects," "intends,"
"plans," "believes," "seeks," "estimates" and similar expressions identify
forward-looking statements.

     These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance
and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to
differ materially from the results contemplated by the forward-looking
statements. See the section entitled "Statements Regarding Forward-Looking
Information" on page 156.

     This summary may not contain all of the information that is important to
you. You should read carefully this entire document and the other documents we
refer to for a more complete understanding of the merger. In particular, you
should read the documents attached to this joint proxy statement/prospectus,
including the merger agreement, which is attached as Annex A, the exchange ratio
adjustment schedule, which is attached as Annex D, the opinion of CIBC World
Markets Corp., which is attached as Annex B, the opinion of Bear, Stearns & Co.
Inc., which is attached as Annex C, the voting agreement, which is attached as
Annex E, the proposed amendment to Micron Electronics' articles of
incorporation, which is attached as Annex F and the proposed amendment to Micron
Electronics' bylaws, which is attached as Annex G.

     In addition, important business and financial information about Micron
Electronics is incorporated into this joint proxy statement/prospectus by
reference. See "Documents Incorporated By Reference In This Joint Proxy
Statement/Prospectus" on page 1. You may obtain the information incorporated
into this joint proxy statement/prospectus by reference without charge by
following the instructions in the section entitled "Where You Can Find More
Information" on page 1.

                        MICRON ELECTRONICS AND INTERLAND

                SELECTED UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED
                             FINANCIAL INFORMATION

     The following selected unaudited pro forma combined condensed financial
information has been prepared to give effect to the merger, to be accounted for
using the purchase method of accounting. The total estimated purchase price of
the merger has been allocated on a preliminary basis to assets and liabilities
based on management's best estimates of their fair value with the excess cost
over the net assets acquired allocated to goodwill. The adjustments to the
unaudited pro forma combined condensed financial information are subject to
change pending a final analysis of the total purchase price and the fair value
of the assets and liabilities assumed. The impact of these changes could be
material.

     The selected unaudited pro forma combined condensed balance sheet as of
March 1, 2001 gives effect to the merger as if it had occurred on March 1, 2001,
and combines the historical consolidated balance sheet of Micron Electronics as
of that date and the historical consolidated balance sheet of Interland as of
March 31, 2001.

     The selected unaudited pro forma combined condensed statement of operations
for the year ended August 31, 2000 combines the historical consolidated
statement of operations of Micron Electronics for the year ended August 31, 2000
with the historical consolidated statement of operations of Interland for the
twelve months ended September 30, 2000. The unaudited pro forma combined
condensed statement of operations for the six month period ended March 1, 2001,
combines the historical consolidated statement of operations of Micron
Electronics for the six months ended March 1, 2001 with the historical
consolidated statement of operations of Interland for the six months ended March
31, 2001.

     The selected unaudited pro forma combined condensed financial information
is based on estimates and assumptions. These estimates and assumptions are
preliminary and have been made solely for purposes of developing this pro forma
information. Unaudited pro forma combined financial information is presented for
illustrative purposes only and is not necessarily indicative of the combined
financial position or results of operations of future periods or the results
that actually would have been realized had the entities been a single entity
during this period. This unaudited pro forma combined financial information is
based upon the respective historical consolidated financial statements of Micron
Electronics and Interland and related notes thereto, included in this joint
proxy statement/prospectus or incorporated by reference and should be read in
conjunction with those statements and the related notes.

PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED STATEMENT OF INCOME DATA:

                                                         YEAR ENDED       SIX MONTHS ENDED
                                                       AUGUST 31, 2000     MARCH 1, 2001
                                                       ---------------    ----------------

Revenues from continuing operations..................     $  60,559           $ 49,266
Loss from continuing operations......................      (121,060)           (75,294)
Loss from continuing operations per share, basic and
  diluted............................................         (0.88)             (0.55)

PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED BALANCE SHEET DATA:

                                                                    AS OF
                                                                MARCH 1, 2001
                                                                -------------

Total assets................................................      $549,353
Total debt..................................................        15,668
Shareholders' equity........................................       459,734

      MICRON ELECTRONICS' SELECTED HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA

     The following selected historical consolidated statement of income data for
the years ended August 31, 2000, September 2, 1999 and September 3, 1998, and
the historical consolidated balance sheet data as of August 31, 2000 and
September 2, 1999 have been derived form Micron Electronics' audited
consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this
joint proxy statement/ prospectus. Micron Electronics has adopted plans to
dispose of its PC Systems and SpecTek business segments, which are reported
separately as discontinued operations. See the note entitled "Discontinued
Operations" in Micron Electronics' consolidated financial statements included
elsewhere in this joint proxy statement/prospectus. The selected historical
consolidated statement of income data below reflects the results of Micron
Electronics' continuing operations, the Web hosting business of HostPro.

     In fiscal 2000, Micron Electronics acquired two Web and application hosting
companies and in fiscal 1999, Micron Electronics acquired one Web and
application hosting company and one Internet access company. These acquisitions
are reflected in the financial statements of Micron Electronics as of the date
of acquisition. See the note entitled "Acquisitions" in Micron Electronics'
consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus.

     The information contained below should be read together with "Micron
Electronics' Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations" and Micron Electronics' consolidated financial statements
and related notes included elsewhere in this joint proxy statement/ prospectus
and incorporated by reference. Results of operations for the periods presented
are not necessarily indicative of results of operations for future periods.

                             SIX MONTHS ENDED                                     YEAR ENDED
                         -------------------------   --------------------------------------------------------------------
                          MARCH 1,      MARCH 2,     AUGUST 31,   SEPTEMBER 2,   SEPTEMBER 3,   AUGUST 28,    AUGUST 29,
                            2001          2000          2000          1999           1998          1997          1996
                         -----------   -----------   ----------   ------------   ------------   -----------   -----------
                         (UNAUDITED)   (UNAUDITED)                                              (UNAUDITED)   (UNAUDITED)
                                                      (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT
  OF INCOME DATA:
Revenues from
  continuing
  operations...........   $ 27,992      $ 11,310      $ 32,862      $    464       $     --      $     --      $     --
Income (loss) from
  continuing
  operations...........    (18,082)       (3,725)      (26,192)        5,187          5,081         2,733           514
Income (loss) from
  continuing operations
  per share:
  Basic................   $  (0.19)     $  (0.04)     $  (0.27)     $   0.05       $   0.05      $   0.03      $   0.01
  Diluted..............   $  (0.19)     $  (0.04)     $  (0.27)     $   0.05       $   0.05      $   0.03      $   0.01

                                     MARCH 1,     AUGUST 31,   SEPTEMBER 2,   SEPTEMBER 3,   AUGUST 28,    AUGUST 29,
                                       2001          2000          1999           1998          1997          1996
                                    -----------   ----------   ------------   ------------   -----------   -----------
                                    (UNAUDITED)                               (UNAUDITED)    (UNAUDITED)   (UNAUDITED)
                                                                      (IN THOUSANDS)

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET DATA:
Total assets......................   $382,566      $563,920      $502,826       $452,414      $419,270      $297,280
Total debt........................        852         1,971         9,993         14,183        18,375        17,110
Shareholders' equity..............    340,726       506,580       458,499        416,894       365,571       228,460

          INTERLAND'S SELECTED CONSOLIDATED HISTORICAL FINANCIAL DATA

     The following selected consolidated historical financial data of Interland
as of December 31, 2000 and 1999 and the consolidated statements of operations
data for the years ended December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998, are derived from
Interland's audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this
joint proxy statement/prospectus, which have been audited by Arthur Andersen
LLP, independent public accountants. The consolidated statement of operations
data for the period from inception (September 18, 1997) to December 31, 1997 are
derived from Interland's consolidated financial statements not appearing in this
joint proxy statement/prospectus, which have been audited by Arthur Andersen,
LLP, independent public accountants. The consolidated statements of operations
data for the three months ended March 31, 2001 and 2000, and the consolidated
balance sheet data as of March 31, 2001, are derived from unaudited consolidated
financial statements. Interland prepared the unaudited information on the same
basis as the audited consolidated financial statements and included all
adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring adjustments, that Interland
considered necessary for a fair presentation of the financial position and
operating results as of this date and for these periods. These historical
results are not necessarily indicative of results to be expected in any future
period, and results for the three months ended March 31, 2001 are not
necessarily indicative of results to be expected for the full fiscal year.

                                                                                                         FOR THE PERIOD
                             THREE MONTHS ENDED MARCH 31,            YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,             FROM INCEPTION
                             -----------------------------   ---------------------------------------   (SEPT. 18, 1997) TO
                                 2001            2000           2000          1999          1998          DEC. 31, 1997
                             -------------   -------------   -----------   -----------   -----------   -------------------
                                                     (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
  DATA:
Revenues...................   $    10,866     $     6,268    $    34,263   $     9,121   $     1,387       $         5
Costs and expenses:
  Cost of revenues.........        11,549           6,288         33,494         7,054         1,022                --
  Sales and marketing......         4,833           5,580         38,653         7,901         1,803                --
  General and
    administrative.........         8,559           4,854         24,076         9,944           768               119
  Depreciation and
    amortization...........         2,924             587          6,304           992           115                --
                              -----------     -----------    -----------   -----------   -----------       -----------
Total operating expenses...        27,865          17,309        102,527        25,891         3,708               119
                              -----------     -----------    -----------   -----------   -----------       -----------
Operating loss.............       (16,999)        (11,041)       (68,264)      (16,770)       (2,321)             (114)
Other income (expense).....           123             252          1,308           (14)          (18)               --
                              -----------     -----------    -----------   -----------   -----------       -----------
Net loss...................       (16,876)        (10,789)       (66,956)      (16,784)       (2,339)             (114)
Preferred stock beneficial
  conversion and
  dividends................            --            (551)        (5,996)       (9,559)           --                --
                              -----------     -----------    -----------   -----------   -----------       -----------
Net loss applicable to
  common shareholders......   $   (16,876)    $   (11,340)   $   (72,952)  $   (26,343)  $    (2,339)      $      (114)
                              ===========     ===========    ===========   ===========   ===========       ===========
Basic and diluted net loss
  per common share.........   $     (0.36)    $     (0.47)   $     (2.14)  $     (1.23)  $     (0.13)      $     (0.01)
                              ===========     ===========    ===========   ===========   ===========       ===========
Shares used in computing
  net loss per share.......    46,723,585      23,936,326     34,125,579    21,461,161    18,316,449        17,631,191
                              ===========     ===========    ===========   ===========   ===========       ===========

                                                                                                         FOR THE PERIOD
                             THREE MONTHS ENDED MARCH 31,            YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,             FROM INCEPTION
                             -----------------------------   ---------------------------------------   (SEPT. 18, 1997) TO
                                 2001            2000           2000          1999          1998          DEC. 31, 1997
                             -------------   -------------   -----------   -----------   -----------   -------------------
                                                     (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)

OTHER FINANCIAL DATA:
Adjusted EBITDA(1).........   $   (11,690)    $    (9,049)   $   (55,851)  $   (12,220)  $    (2,206)      $      (114)
Net cash used in operating
  activities...............   $   (17,196)    $    (2,060)   $   (37,393)  $    (2,247)  $       (30)      $      (110)
Net cash used in investing
  activities...............   $    (5,019)    $    (7,785)   $   (39,939)  $    (8,752)  $    (1,102)      $        (2)
Net cash (used in)/
  provided by financing
  activities...............   $    (1,034)    $     4,274    $   109,136   $    34,803   $     1,811       $       139
Number of Web sites........        88,571          61,443         86,010        46,094        10,611                 0
Number of customers........        54,260          36,469         52,162        27,173         6,796                 0
Average annual revenue per
  customer.................   $       816     $       792    $       828   $       540   $       408       $         0

- -------------------------
(1) Adjusted EBITDA consists of net loss excluding interest income (expense),
    net, and depreciation and amortization, as further adjusted to exclude
    non-cash stock compensation expense and non-cash operating expenses incurred
    as a result of the issuance of equity securities in connection with
    strategic relationships in the total amount of $0, $3.6 million and $6.1
    million for the years ended December 31, 1998, 1999, and 2000, respectively,
    and $1.4 million and $2.4 million for the three months ended March 31, 2000
    and 2001, respectively. Adjusted EBITDA does not represent funds available
    for discretionary use and is not intended to represent cash flow from
    operations as measured under generally accepted accounting principles.
    Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered as an alternative to net loss or
    net cash used in operating activities, but may be useful to investors as an
    indication of operating performance. Interland's calculations of Adjusted
    EBITDA may not be consistent with similarly titled calculations used by
    other companies.

                                                                             DECEMBER 31,
                                                              MARCH 31,   ------------------
                                                                2001        2000      1999
                                                              ---------   --------   -------
                                                                      (IN THOUSANDS)

BALANCE SHEET DATA:
Working capital.............................................   $ 9,648    $ 25,836   $13,566
Total assets................................................    84,836     106,835    35,976
Notes payable and capital lease obligations--long-term......     8,068       9,180     2,406
Total shareholders' equity..................................    40,514      55,119    17,495

         COMPARATIVE HISTORICAL AND UNAUDITED PRO FORMA PER SHARE DATA

     The following tables reflect (1) the historical loss from continuing
operations and book value per share of Micron Electronics common stock and the
historical net loss and book value per share of Interland common stock in
comparison with the unaudited pro forma net loss and book value per share after
giving effect to the proposed merger, and (2) the equivalent historical net loss
from continuing operations and book value per share attributable to the 0.8610
shares of Micron Electronics common stock that is anticipated to be received for
each share of common stock of Interland.

     The information presented in the following tables should be read in
conjunction with the unaudited pro forma combined condensed consolidated
financial information included elsewhere in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus, the historical financial statements and related notes of
Micron Electronics that are incorporated by reference or included in this
document and the historical financial statements of Interland that are included
in this document.

                                                                                       YEAR ENDED
                                                                  SIX MONTHS ENDED     AUGUST 31,
                                                                    MARCH 1, 2001         2000
                                                                  -----------------    ----------

    MICRON ELECTRONICS
    Historical per common share data:
      Loss from continuing operations per share -- basic and
         diluted................................................       $(0.19)           $(0.27)
      Book value per common share(1)............................       $ 3.52            $ 5.24

                                                                                       YEAR ENDED
                                                               THREE MONTHS ENDED     DECEMBER 31,
                                                                 MARCH 31, 2001           2000
                                                               -------------------    ------------

    INTERLAND
    Historical per common share data:
      Net loss per share -- basic and diluted................        $(0.36)             $(2.14)
      Book value per common share(1).........................        $ 0.86              $ 1.16

                                                                SIX MONTHS ENDED      YEAR ENDED
                                                                 MARCH 1, 2001      AUGUST 31, 2000
                                                                ----------------    ---------------

    COMBINED PRO FORMA
    Combined pro forma per share data:
      Loss from continuing operations per share -- basic and
         diluted..............................................       $(0.55)            $(0.88)
      Loss from continuing operations per equivalent Interland
         share -- basic and diluted(2)........................       $(0.47)             (0.76)
      Book value per common share(1)..........................       $ 3.34
      Book value per equivalent Interland common share(2).....       $ 2.88

- -------------------------
(1) The historical book value per share is computed by dividing shareholders'
    equity by the number of shares of common stock outstanding at August 31,
    2000 and March 1, 2001 for Micron Electronics and at December 31, 2000 and
    March 31, 2001 for Interland. The combined pro forma book value per share is
    computed by dividing pro forma shareholders' equity by the pro forma number
    of shares of common stock outstanding at March 1, 2001 of 137.6 million.

(2) The Interland equivalent pro forma combined per share amounts are calculated
    by multiplying the combined pro forma share amounts by the assumed exchange
    ratio of 0.861.

                                  RISK FACTORS

     The merger involves a high degree of risk. Also, by voting in favor of the
merger, Interland's shareholders will be choosing to invest in Micron
Electronics common stock. An investment in Micron Electronics common stock
involves a high degree of risk. Both Micron Electronics' and Interland's
shareholders should carefully consider the following risk factors, in addition
to the other information contained or incorporated by reference in this
document, in deciding whether to vote for the merger. The risks described below
are not the only risks Micron Electronics and Interland face. Additional risks
that either company is unaware of or that it currently believes are immaterial
may become important factors that affect the combined company's business. Any of
these risks could result in serious harm to the combined company's business,
operating results and financial condition. The trading price of Micron
Electronics common stock could decline due to any of these risks, and you may
lose all or part of your investment.

     This document contains and incorporates by reference forward-looking
statements within the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act. Forward-looking statements are based on current
expectations that involve a number of uncertainties. Actual results could differ
materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Please see
the section entitled "Statements Regarding Forward-Looking Information" on page
156.

                      RISKS RELATED TO THE PROPOSED MERGER

CHANGES IN THE TRADING PRICE OF MICRON ELECTRONICS COMMON STOCK OR INTERLAND
COMMON STOCK WILL NOT AFFECT THE EXCHANGE RATIO.

     The exchange ratio will not be adjusted for fluctuations in the trading
price of Micron Electronics common stock or Interland common stock. As a result,
the specific dollar value of Micron Electronics common stock that Interland
shareholders will receive upon the completion of the merger will depend on the
market value of Micron Electronics common stock at the time of the merger. The
share price of Micron Electronics common stock is subject to price fluctuations
in the market and has experienced significant volatility. Micron Electronics
cannot predict the market price for its common stock at any time before or after
the merger closes. You are strongly encouraged to obtain current market
quotations of Micron Electronics and Interland common stock, which are quoted on
the Nasdaq National Market.

IF MICRON ELECTRONICS DOES NOT MAINTAIN SPECIFIED CASH BALANCES, THE EXCHANGE
RATIO FOR THE SHARES OF INTERLAND TO BE EXCHANGED IN THE MERGER WILL BE ADJUSTED
OR THE MERGER COULD BE TERMINATED.

     The exchange ratio of 0.8610 shares of Micron Electronics common stock for
each outstanding share of Interland common stock will be increased if the cash
and cash equivalents of Micron Electronics, less any reserves related to Micron
Electronics' PC Systems or SpecTek businesses -- the Net Available Cash -- are
less than $200.0 million at the time of the merger closing. The exchange ratio
could increase to as high as 2.3676 shares of Micron Electronics common stock
for each share of Interland common stock, if the Net Available Cash balance
drops below $10.0 million. A schedule of the possible adjustments to the
exchange ratio has been included as Annex D to this joint proxy
statement/prospectus. If the exchange ratio is increased, holders of Interland
stock would receive more shares of Micron Electronics stock in the merger, which
would dilute the current holders of Micron Electronics common stock.

     In addition, if the Net Available Cash amount is less than $100.0 million
at the merger closing, then Interland will have the right to terminate the
merger agreement. However, this termination right may not be exercised by
Interland if it has been advanced more than $10.0 million by Micron Electronics
under a bridge loan and security agreement entered into in connection with the
merger agreement.

MICRON ELECTRONICS DOES NOT CURRENTLY EXPECT THAT ITS SHAREHOLDERS WILL RECEIVE
A DISTRIBUTION OF CASH.

     The merger agreement provides that to the extent that Micron Electronics
has cash and cash equivalents greater than $200.0 million, less specified
liabilities at the time of the closing of the merger, the record holders of
Micron Electronics common stock as of the close of trading on the closing date
of

the merger may be entitled to receive pro rata payments of that cash. Micron
Electronics does not currently expect that any distribution will be made. In
addition, the merger agreement provides that those holders may also be entitled
to receive distributions of any net proceeds to Micron Electronics from the sale
of its PC Systems business. Micron Electronics may under specified circumstances
share in proceeds received, if any, after payment of specified liabilities or
reserves by GTG PC if GTG PC sells or liquidates that business within three
years of the closing of the sale to GTG PC. Micron Electronics cannot assure you
that any distribution to Micron Electronics' shareholders will be made from
these proceeds. Even if Micron Electronics has excess cash or if there are any
proceeds from the sale of the PC Systems business, the distribution of these
funds is subject to a number of restrictions. The former Interland shareholders
will not be entitled to receive any of these cash distributions. See "The Merger
and Related Transactions -- Potential cash payment to Micron Electronics'
shareholders" on page 71 for a further description of this payment right.

IF THE COSTS OF DISPOSING OF MICRON ELECTRONICS' NON-HOSTING BUSINESSES, OR IF
MICRON ELECTRONICS' UNKNOWN COSTS AND LIABILITIES AFTER THE MERGER ARE GREATER
THAN ESTIMATED, THE SHAREHOLDERS OF INTERLAND COULD BE DISPROPORTIONATELY HARMED
BY ANY DISTRIBUTION OF CASH OR SALES PROCEEDS BY MICRON ELECTRONICS TO ITS
CURRENT SHAREHOLDERS.

     Any cash that may be received by Micron Electronics shareholders will
depend upon estimates of the costs of disposing of the PC Systems business and
of other costs associated with, or liabilities related to, the portions of
Micron Electronics' business other than its Web hosting business. These costs
and liabilities will include estimates and will be based on generally accepted
accounting principles, and the actual costs incurred by Micron Electronics after
the merger may differ, perhaps significantly, from these estimates. The current
Interland shareholders will not participate in any of these cash distributions.
If Micron Electronics underestimates these costs and makes cash payments to the
Micron Electronics shareholders based on these underestimated costs, the
Interland shareholders could be disproportionately harmed.

IF MICRON ELECTRONICS DOES NOT SUCCESSFULLY INTEGRATE THE OPERATIONS AND
PERSONNEL OF INTERLAND IN A TIMELY MANNER, THIS WILL DISRUPT THE COMBINED
COMPANY'S BUSINESS AND COULD NEGATIVELY AFFECT ITS OPERATING RESULTS.

     Micron Electronics' acquisition of Interland involves risks related to the
integration and management of Interland's operations and personnel with those of
HostPro. The integration of Micron Electronics and Interland will be a complex,
time consuming and expensive process and may disrupt the businesses of both
companies if not completed in a timely and efficient manner. After the merger,
the combined company must operate as a combined organization utilizing common
information and telecommunication systems, operating procedures, financial
controls and human resources practices.

     Micron Electronics and Interland may encounter substantial difficulties,
costs and delays involved in integrating their operations, including:

     - potential incompatibility of business cultures;

     - perceived adverse changes in business focus;

     - potential conflicts in marketing or other important relationships;

     - potential operating inefficiencies and increased costs associated with
       having and integrating different information and telecommunications
       systems currently used by each of HostPro and Interland;

     - potential decline in the level of customer service and customer
       satisfaction; and

     - the loss of key employees and diversion of the attention of management
       from other ongoing business concerns.

     Micron Electronics' headquarters are located in Boise, Idaho, while
Interland's headquarters are located in Atlanta, Georgia. The combined company
will be headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia. Micron Electronics' integration of
Interland's operations and personnel may be difficult due to the geographic

distance between the two companies. In addition, Micron Electronics has
completed a number of acquisitions of hosting companies and is still in the
process of completing the integration of these businesses. This could make the
integration of Micron Electronics and Interland more difficult. If this
integration effort is not successful, then results of operations could be
adversely affected, employee morale could decline, key employees could leave and
customers could cancel existing orders or choose not to place new ones. In
addition, the attention and effort devoted to the integration of the two
companies will significantly divert management's attention from other important
issues, such as expansion of the combined company's customer base, which could
negatively affect the business and operating results of the combined company.

THE BENEFITS OF THE MERGER MAY BE LOWER THAN EXPECTED AND THE COSTS ASSOCIATED
WITH THE MERGER COULD BE HIGHER THAN EXPECTED, WHICH COULD HARM THE FINANCIAL
RESULTS OF THE COMBINED COMPANY AND CAUSE A DECLINE IN THE VALUE OF MICRON
ELECTRONICS COMMON STOCK.

     Micron Electronics and Interland expect to realize cost reductions due to
synergies created by merging the two companies in areas such as integration and
expansion of nationwide technical support capabilities over a larger customer
base, integration of information and telecommunication systems, marketing the
larger combined business, elimination of excess data center capacity and
economies of scale for the combined company's telecommunications costs. Although
Micron Electronics and Interland expect that they will realize cost synergies
with the merger, we cannot state the amount with any certainty. Micron
Electronics and Interland estimate that they will incur direct transaction costs
of approximately $7.7 million associated with the merger. Micron Electronics
expects to incur additional costs associated with the consolidation and
integration of the companies' products and operations. Micron Electronics cannot
accurately estimate these costs at this time. If the total costs of the merger
and related consolidation and integration exceed estimates, or if the cost
synergies of the merger are less than expected, the financial results of the
combined company would suffer. Any shortfall in anticipated operating results of
the combined company could cause the market price of Micron Electronics common
stock to decline. In addition, the market price of Micron Electronics common
stock could decline significantly if Micron Electronics does not experience the
business benefits of the merger as quickly or in as great an amount as
securities analysts expect.

THE MERGER COULD HARM KEY CUSTOMER AND THIRD-PARTY RELATIONSHIPS.

     The proposed merger could harm relationships with customers and other third
parties with whom HostPro and Interland do business. For example, the
continuance of HostPro's and Interland's customer relationships is generally
based on continued customer goodwill and satisfaction rather than long-term
orders or other contractual commitments. Customers might postpone or cancel
sales orders for the combined company's services if they perceive that customer
services and support would decline as a result of the merger. Any changes in
customer relationships could harm the combined company's business. HostPro's and
Interland's customers and other third parties may, in response to the
announcement of the merger, delay or defer decisions concerning using the
combined company as their service provider.

MICRON ELECTRONICS WILL INCUR SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING CHARGES RELATING TO THE
ACQUISITION OF INTERLAND, WHICH WILL DELAY PROJECTED ACHIEVEMENT OF
PROFITABILITY FOR THE WEB HOSTING BUSINESS.

     Micron Electronics will account for the acquisition of Interland using the
purchase method of accounting. Under the purchase method, the purchase price of
Interland will be allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed from
Interland. As a result, based on an approximate purchase price of $125.2
million, Micron Electronics expects to record approximately $80.2 million of
intangible assets and goodwill from the Interland acquisition on its balance
sheet, which will result in annual amortization expense of approximately $25.9
million in fiscal 2002. These charges will delay projected achievement of
profitability for the combined company.

MICRON ELECTRONICS PRO FORMA ACCOUNTING FOR THE INTERLAND MERGER MAY CHANGE.

     Micron Electronics has allocated the total estimated purchase price for the
Interland merger on a preliminary basis for pro forma presentation purposes to
assets and liabilities based on Micron Electronics' current best estimates of
the fair value of these assets and liabilities, with the excess costs over the
net assets acquired allocated to goodwill and other intangible assets. This
allocation is subject to change pending a final analysis of the fair values of
the assets acquired and reported liabilities assumed. The impact of these
changes could, for example, reduce the combined company's reported future
earnings or otherwise have a material, negative impact on Micron Electronics'
future results of operations.

THE MERGER COULD RESULT IN EMPLOYEES AT MICRON ELECTRONICS AND INTERLAND
DECIDING TO LEAVE THEIR EMPLOYMENT BEFORE AND AFTER COMPLETION OF THE MERGER.

     After the merger, integration of the businesses of HostPro and Interland
could result in changes in the culture and operations of both companies that
could cause the combined company to lose key employees. The success of the
combined company will depend in part upon its ability to attract and retain
highly skilled technical, managerial and sales and marketing personnel. The loss
of key employees at any Interland or HostPro office could adversely impact
Interland's or HostPro's overall financial results, which could have a negative
impact on the operating results of the combined company after the merger.
Competition for such personnel is intense. After the merger, the combined
company may not be able to hire or retain the necessary personnel to complete
the integration process and implement its business strategy. In addition, the
combined company may need to pay higher compensation for employees than it
currently expects.

IF MEMBERS OF HOSTPRO'S OR INTERLAND'S MANAGEMENT LEAVE, THE POTENTIAL BENEFITS
OF THE MERGER MAY NOT BE REALIZED AND COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT THE COMBINED
COMPANY'S OPERATING RESULTS.

     The combined company will be managed by top executives from Micron
Electronics, HostPro and Interland. Success of the merger will depend, in
significant part, on the continued services of HostPro's and Interland's senior
management personnel and of its key technical and sales personnel. Micron
Electronics and Interland experience strong competition for these personnel in
the Web hosting industry, and Interland and HostPro have lost some senior
management and sales personnel to competitors. If members of the combined
company's anticipated management were to terminate their employment with HostPro
or Interland, the ability of the combined company to manage its business and
workforce after the merger would be harmed and its operations could be
disrupted, and the benefits that the combined company anticipates from the
merger could be prevented or deferred. While Micron Electronics and Interland
have employment agreements with some members of their senior management, they
cannot assure you that any incentives included as part of these agreements will
be sufficient to retain these employees.

FAILURE TO COMPLETE THE MERGER COULD HARM MICRON ELECTRONICS' AND INTERLAND'S
STOCK PRICES AND EACH COMPANY'S FUTURE BUSINESS AND OPERATIONS.

     The merger is subject to several closing conditions, including approval by
Interland's and Micron Electronics' shareholders, and we cannot assure you that
the merger will be successfully completed. In the event that the merger is not
successfully completed, Interland and Micron Electronics may be subject to a
number of material risks, including the following:

     - Interland may be required to pay Micron Electronics a termination fee of
       up to $5.6 million if Micron Electronics or Interland terminates the
       merger agreement because Interland breached the agreement;

     - Micron Electronics may be required to pay Interland a termination fee of
       up to $3.5 million, if Interland or Micron Electronics terminates the
       merger agreement because Micron Electronics' shareholders have not
       approved the proposals to be voted upon by them at the Micron Electronics
       special meeting;

     - If Interland borrows under the bridge loan and security agreement, it
       will be required to immediately repay loans of up to $20.0 million that
       may be borrowed from Micron Electronics if the merger closing does not
       occur;

     - the trading price of Micron Electronics common stock may decline to the
       extent that the current market price reflects a market assumption that
       the merger will be completed; and

     - costs related to the proposed merger, such as legal, accounting and
       financial advisory fees and employee retention bonuses, must be paid by
       each of the parties, even if the merger is not completed.

     If the merger is not completed, either company may be unable to restore the
status of its business as it existed prior to the announcement of the merger.
Furthermore, if the merger is not completed and Interland's board of directors
determines to seek another merger or business combination, it may not be able to
find a partner willing to pay an equivalent or more attractive price than that
which would have been paid in the merger with Micron Electronics.

HOSTPRO CUSTOMERS MAY REACT ADVERSELY TO MICRON ELECTRONICS' PLANS TO CHANGE THE
NAME OF ITS WEB HOSTING BUSINESS AND THE COMBINED COMPANY TO "INTERLAND."

     To the extent that existing customers of HostPro identify with the
"HostPro" brand name or do not identify with the "Interland" brand name, those
customers could choose to terminate their relationships with HostPro. A
significant loss of customers could adversely affect the operating results of
the combined company.

                     RISKS RELATED TO THE COMBINED COMPANY

HOSTPRO AND INTERLAND HAVE INCURRED LOSSES SINCE INCEPTION, AND WE EXPECT THE
COMBINED COMPANY TO INCUR LOSSES FOR AT LEAST THE NEXT TWO YEARS.

     Both HostPro and Interland incurred net losses and losses from operations
for each period from inception through the first six months of fiscal 2001. As
of March 1, 2001, HostPro had accumulated net losses of approximately $43.0
million, and as of March 31, 2000, Interland had accumulated net losses of
approximately $103.1 million. Neither company has achieved profitability to
date, and we do not expect the combined company to generate positive cash flow
from operations for at least one year. Operating expenses could increase as a
result of expanding and adapting network infrastructure, increasing sales and
marketing efforts, broadening customer support capabilities, integrating the
Interland and HostPro businesses and expanding administrative resources in
anticipation of future growth. To the extent that increases in expenses are not
offset by increased revenues, the results of operations and financial condition
of the combined business would be materially adversely affected. Even if the
combined company achieves profitability, it may not be able to sustain or
increase profitability on a quarterly or annual basis in the future.

MICRON ELECTRONICS' HISTORICAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION WILL NOT BE REPRESENTATIVE
OF ITS FUTURE RESULTS.

     Given Micron Electronics' plans to sell its non-hosting businesses, its
historical financial information contained in previous filings with the
Securities and Exchange Commission will not be representative of its future
operating results. Including the operations of the non-hosting
businesses -- which are now classified as discontinued operations in Micron
Electronics' financial statements -- HostPro's revenues represented less than 3%
for fiscal 2000, and less than 5% for the second quarter of fiscal 2001, of
Micron Electronics' total revenues. HostPro's costs and expenses, which are
reflected in Micron Electronics' financial statements as continuing operations
of Micron Electronics, include allocations of infrastructure costs

associated with HostPro's use of or benefit from centralized corporate services
provided by Micron Electronics, including:

     - information technology;

     - telecommunications;

     - accounting, tax and treasury;

     - human resources;

     - legal; and

     - insurance.

     Accordingly, the historical financial information of HostPro included or
incorporated by reference in this joint proxy statement/prospectus does not
necessarily reflect what HostPro's financial position, results of operations and
cash flows would have been had HostPro been a separate entity during the periods
presented. As a result, you should not rely upon this historical financial
information as an indication of the future financial results of the HostPro
business or the combined company.

HOSTPRO AND INTERLAND HAVE LIMITED OPERATING HISTORIES AND THEIR BUSINESS MODELS
ARE STILL EVOLVING, WHICH MAKES IT DIFFICULT TO EVALUATE THE PROSPECTS OF THE
COMBINED ENTITY AND THE BENEFITS OF THE MERGER TO MICRON ELECTRONICS AND
INTERLAND.

     HostPro's and Interland's limited operating histories make evaluating their
business operations and prospects difficult. HostPro was grown, in part, through
the acquisition of four separate hosting and Internet service provider companies
during the period from August 1999 through March 2000. Interland commenced
operations in September 1997. HostPro's and Interland's range of service
offerings have changed since their inception and their business models are still
new and developing. Because some of HostPro's and Interland's services are new,
the market for them is uncertain. As a result, the revenue and income potential
of the combined company's business and the potential benefits of the merger may
be difficult to evaluate.

THE COMBINED COMPANY'S QUARTERLY OPERATING RESULTS MAY FLUCTUATE AND ITS FUTURE
REVENUES AND PROFITABILITY ARE UNCERTAIN.

     HostPro's and Interland's past operating results have been subject to
fluctuations, on a quarterly and an annual basis. The combined company may also
experience significant fluctuations in quarterly and annual operating results
due to a wide variety of factors. Because of these fluctuations, comparisons of
operating results from period to period are not necessarily meaningful and
should not be relied upon as an indicator of future performance. Factors that
may cause operating results to fluctuate include, but are not limited to:

     - demand for and market acceptance of the combined company's services;

     - introductions of new products or services or enhancements by the combined
       company and its competitors;

     - technical difficulties or system downtime affecting the Internet
       generally or the combined company's hosting operations specifically;

     - the mix of products and services sold by the combined company or its
       competitors;

     - customer retention;

     - the timing and success of the combined company's advertising and
       marketing efforts and introductions of new services to customers of the
       combined company's resellers;

     - the timing and magnitude of capital expenditures, including construction
       costs relating to the expansion of operations;

     - increased competition in the Web hosting and applications hosting
       markets;

     - changes in the combined company's pricing policies and the pricing
       policies of its competitors;

     - gains or losses of key strategic relationships; and

     - other general and industry-specific economic factors.

     The combined company cannot provide any assurances about the extent to
which it will be successful in achieving any plans to increase the size of its
customer base, the amount of services it offers or the amount, if any, of
increase in revenues it will experience during the next fiscal year, or beyond.
In addition, a relatively large portion of the combined company's expenses will
be fixed in the short-term, and therefore its results of operations will be
particularly sensitive to fluctuations in revenues. Also, if the combined
company is unable to continue using third-party products in its services
offerings in the future, its service development costs could increase
significantly.

THE COMBINED COMPANY WILL OPERATE IN A NEW AND EVOLVING MARKET WITH UNCERTAIN
PROSPECTS FOR GROWTH AND MAY NOT BE ABLE TO SUSTAIN GROWTH IN ITS CUSTOMER BASE.

     The market for Web hosting and applications hosting services for small-and
medium-sized businesses has only recently begun to develop and is evolving
rapidly. The combined company's future growth, if any, will depend upon the
willingness of small- and medium-sized businesses to outsource Web hosting and
applications hosting services, its ability to increase its average revenue per
customer and its ability to retain customers. The market for the combined
company's services may not develop further, consumers may not widely adopt its
services and significant numbers of businesses or organizations may not use the
Internet for commerce and communication. If this market fails to develop further
or develops more slowly than expected, or if the combined company's services do
not achieve broader market acceptance, it will not be able to grow its customer
base. In addition, the combined company must be able to differentiate itself
from its competition through its service offerings and brand recognition. These
activities may be more expensive than the combined company anticipates, and it
may not be successful in differentiating itself, achieving market acceptance of
its services or selling additional services to its existing customer base.

THE STOCK PRICE OF THE COMBINED COMPANY MAY BE VOLATILE.

     The market price of Micron Electronics' common stock has experienced a
significant decline in recent months. The price has been and is likely to
continue to be highly volatile due to several factors, such as:

     - the combined company does not experience the benefits of the merger as
       quickly as anticipated, or at all, or the costs of or operational
       difficulties arising from the merger are greater than anticipated;

     - the impact of the merger on the combined company's financial results is
       not in line with the expectations of financial analysts;

     - variations in actual and anticipated operating results;

     - changes in earnings estimates by analysts;

     - variations in actual and anticipated operating results of customers or
       competitors;

     - material reductions in spending by customers;

     - announcements by the combined company or its competitors regarding new
       products and services introductions;

     - the volatility inherent in stocks within the sectors within which the
       combined company conducts business;

     - general decline in economic conditions; and

     - reductions in the volume of trading in the combined company's common
       stock.

     The occurrence of any of these factors could have an immediate and
significant adverse effect on the trading price of the common stock of the
combined company in any given period. In addition, stock markets, particularly
the Nasdaq National Market, have experienced extreme price and volume
fluctuations, and the market prices of securities of technology companies,
especially Internet-related companies, have declined significantly in recent
months. Some of these declines have been unrelated to the operating performance
of such companies. Fluctuations or declines such as these could continue to
affect the market price of Micron Electronics' common stock in the future.
Substantial sales of Micron Electronics' common stock could also cause the stock
price to decline.

     In the past, securities class action litigation has often been instituted
against companies following periods of volatility in their stock price. This
type of litigation could result in substantial costs and could divert Micron
Electronics' management's attention and resources.

THE CUSTOMER BASE OF THE COMBINED COMPANY INCLUDES A SIGNIFICANT NUMBER OF
BUSINESSES THAT CURRENTLY FACE INCREASING DIFFICULTY IN OBTAINING FUNDING TO
SUPPORT THEIR OPERATIONS.

     Many of Micron Electronics' and Interland's customers are businesses,
including Internet-based businesses, that have traditionally been initially
funded by venture capital firms and then through public securities offerings.
Funding alternatives for these businesses have become more limited than in the
past. Many of these customers have ceased or reduced their operations, and it
has become increasingly difficult for the combined company to collect revenues
from these businesses. If the market for technology and Internet-based
businesses is not supported by the private and public investors who have funded
these customers, the combined company faces the risk that these customers may
cease, curtail or limit Web site operations. If this continues to occur, the
combined company could experience a loss of revenue associated with these
customers and will then have to increase sales to other businesses using the
Internet in order to preserve and grow revenue. If the combined company is
successful in increasing sales to other businesses, it will incur the expenses
associated with these new customers, such as sales and marketing expenses,
including commissions, and implementation costs. As a result, to preserve and
grow revenue, the combined company will have to increase sales by substantially
more than the amount of lost revenue.

MICRON ELECTRONICS' TRANSITION TO A COMPANY FOCUSED SOLELY ON WEB HOSTING
REPRESENTS A SIGNIFICANT TRANSITION FROM ITS HISTORIC BUSINESS, AND MICRON
ELECTRONICS' DISPOSAL OF ITS NON-HOSTING BUSINESSES COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT ITS
OPERATING RESULTS.

     On March 23, 2001, Micron Electronics announced plans to sell its
non-hosting businesses. Micron Electronics' plans to become a company focused
solely on the Web hosting industry represent a significant transition from the
business it has conducted to date. This transition will result in an approximate
reduction of 82% in the number of Micron Electronics' employees and a
significant reduction in the levels of revenues and operating income
historically experienced by Micron Electronics. Micron Electronics cannot assure
you that it will be able to complete this transition successfully. Efforts to
fulfill this planned transition have placed, and are expected to continue to
place, a significant strain on Micron Electronics' management team and have
diverted, and are expected to continue to divert, the attention of management
from the day-to-day operations of its businesses, including the Web hosting
business. Micron Electronics' plans to dispose of the PC Systems business have
resulted in customer uncertainty with respect to the future availability of
products and services currently provided by that business, which may adversely
affect continued demand for those products and services, Micron Electronics'
results of its discontinued operations and the expected loss associated with the
disposition of the PC Systems business.

IF MICRON ELECTRONICS FAILS TO COMPLETE THE SALE OF ITS PC SYSTEMS BUSINESS, THE
COMBINED COMPANY MAY INCUR A LARGER LOSS THAN PLANNED.

     Micron Electronics has entered into an agreement with GTG PC Holdings, LLC
to sell its PC Systems business. It is a condition of the merger that Micron
Electronics enter into an agreement to enter into a definitive agreement to sell
or commence winding down this business. If the sale of the PC Systems business
to GTG PC fails to close, the combined company's assets and liabilities would be
adversely

affected. The loss on disposal of the PC Systems business segment including
operating losses through the disposal date, net of estimated income tax
benefits, is estimated to be $170.5 million. Losses on the disposal of the PC
Systems business may exceed this estimate. If losses associated with the
disposition of this business exceed these estimates, Micron Electronics'
operating results would be adversely affected.

MICRON ELECTRONICS COULD INCUR LIABILITIES IN THE FUTURE RELATING TO ITS PC
SYSTEMS BUSINESS.

     Micron Electronics could incur liabilities relating to its PC Systems
business under the terms of its agreement to the sell that business to GTG PC
Holdings. Micron Electronics will retain specified liabilities, including
liabilities for taxes arising prior to the closing of the transaction,
litigation arising prior to the closing date, some of which are described in
this "risk factors" section, as well as liabilities for some accounts payable
and other agreements. Micron Electronics is also obligated to indemnify the
purchaser and its affiliated entities for any breaches of its representations,
warranties or covenants contained in the agreement for a period of two years, or
the applicable statute of limitations for some liabilities. This indemnification
obligation could be as high as $10.0 million or, in some limited circumstances,
$30.0 million. Accordingly, in the future, the combined company could be
required to make payments with respect to the PC Systems business, which could
adversely affect the future results of operations of the combined company.

MICRON ELECTRONICS MAY HAVE ADDITIONAL LIABILITIES FOR SALES AND USE TAXES.

     During the third quarter of 1997, Micron Electronics began to collect and
remit applicable sales or use taxes in nearly all states. It is a party to
agreements with nearly all states, which generally limit its liability, if any,
for non-remittance of sales and use taxes prior to such agreements' effective
dates. Micron Electronics previously accrued a liability for the estimated
settlement cost of issues related to sales and use taxes not covered by these
agreements. The combined company's management believes the resolution of any
matters relating to the non-remittance of sales or use taxes will not materially
affect its business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
This potential liability will remain with Micron Electronics even though it has
agreed to sell its PC Systems business.

HOSTPRO'S OPERATING EXPENSES AS A PERCENTAGE OF REVENUE MAY INCREASE AS A RESULT
OF THE SALE OF THE PC SYSTEMS BUSINESS.

     HostPro currently relies on the PC Systems business to provide some of its
internal operating systems, such as internal network and telephone support,
payroll systems and accounting systems. A portion of the costs of operating
these systems has been allocated to HostPro for financial reporting purposes.
These systems will be transferred in connection with the PC Systems business,
and, as a result, HostPro will be required to obtain alternative sources for
these systems, following a transition period during which the PC Systems
business will continue to provide support. If these transition services do not
extend until HostPro is able to integrate its systems with those of Interland,
or if HostPro is otherwise required to obtain comparable services at higher
costs, its operating results could be adversely affected.

THE COMBINED COMPANY MAY NOT EFFECTIVELY EXECUTE ITS STRATEGY AND AS A RESULT,
OTHERS MAY SEIZE THE MARKET OPPORTUNITY THAT IT HAS IDENTIFIED.

     If the combined company fails to execute its strategy in a timely or
effective manner, its competitors may be able to seize the opportunity it has
identified to address the Web hosting needs of small- and medium-sized
businesses. The combined company's business strategy is complex and requires
that it successfully and simultaneously complete many tasks, and the failure to
complete any one of these may jeopardize its strategy as a whole. Execution of
its strategy may be more difficult because the management

team for the combined company will not have worked together as a team prior to
the merger closing. In order to be successful, the combined company will need
to:

     - market its services and build its brand name effectively;

     - provide reliable and cost-effective services that can be expanded to meet
       the demands of its customers;

     - develop new products and services;

     - continue to grow its infrastructure to accommodate additional customers
       and increased use of its network bandwidth;

     - expand its channels of distribution and its international operations;

     - continue to respond to competitive developments;

     - influence and respond to emerging industry standards and other changes;
       and

     - attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel.

MICRON TECHNOLOGY WILL BE A SIGNIFICANT SHAREHOLDER OF THE COMBINED COMPANY
FOLLOWING THE MERGER AND WILL THEREFORE BE ABLE TO EXERT SIGNIFICANT INFLUENCE
OVER MATTERS REQUIRING SHAREHOLDER APPROVAL AND COULD AFFECT THE MARKET PRICE OF
THE STOCK OF THE COMBINED COMPANY IF IT WERE TO SELL A SUBSTANTIAL AMOUNT OF ITS
SHARES.

     As of March 15, 2001, Micron Technology owned approximately 61% of Micron
Electronics' outstanding common stock. After the completion of the planned
merger, Micron Technology will own approximately 43% of the outstanding common
stock of Micron Electronics. In addition, two of Micron Electronics' current
directors are also directors of Micron Technology, including Steven R. Appleton,
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Micron Technology. Under the terms of
agreements with Micron Electronics, Micron Technology has agreed, among other
things, not to sell any of its shares for a period of at least nine months
following the merger. In addition, Micron Electronics has rights to repurchase
shares owned by Micron Technology up to the number that would reduce Micron
Technology's ownership to 25% of Micron Electronics' outstanding shares. So long
as Micron Technology continues to own a substantial portion of Micron
Electronics' outstanding common stock, Micron Technology will have the ability
to exert significant influence over matters requiring shareholder approval,
including the election of directors, and potentially could control the
management and corporate policies of the combined company. The level of Micron
Technology's ownership of Micron Electronics' common stock may also limit the
combined company's ability to complete future equity financing.

THE COMBINED COMPANY FACES INTENSE COMPETITION.

     The Web hosting and applications hosting markets are highly competitive and
are becoming more so. There are few substantial barriers to entry, and the
combined company expects that it will face additional competition from existing
competitors and new market entrants in the future. The combined company may not
have the resources, expertise or other competitive factors to compete
successfully in the future. Many of the combined company's competitors may have
substantially greater financial, technical and marketing resources, larger
customer bases, longer operating histories, greater name recognition and more
established relationships in the industry than it does. As a result, these
competitors may be able to:

     - develop and expand their network infrastructures and service offerings
       more rapidly;

     - adapt to new or emerging technologies and changes in customer
       requirements more quickly;

     - take advantage of acquisition and other opportunities more readily; and

     - devote greater resources to the marketing and sale of their services and
       adopt more aggressive pricing policies than the combined company can.

     In an effort to gain market share, some of the combined company's
competitors have offered, and may in the future offer, Web hosting services
similar to Micron Electronics and Interland at lower prices or with incentives
not matched by the combined company, including free start-up and domain name
registration, periods of free service, low-priced Internet access or free
software. In addition, some of the combined company's competitors may be able to
provide customers with additional benefits, including reduced communications
costs, which could reduce the overall costs of their services relative to the
combined company. The combined company may not be able to reduce the pricing of
its services or offer incentives in response to the actions of its competitors
without harming its business. Because of the fierce competition in the Web
hosting and applications hosting industry, the number of competitors could lead
to a surplus in service providers, leading to further reductions in the prices
of services. Micron Electronics and Interland also believe that the market in
which the combined company competes is likely to consolidate further in the near
future, which could result in increased price and other competition that could
damage its business.

     Current and potential competitors in the market include Web hosting service
providers, applications hosting providers, Internet service providers,
telecommunications companies, large information technology firms that provide a
wide array of information technology services and computer hardware suppliers.
The combined company's competitors may operate in one or more of these areas and
include companies such as Concentric Network Corporation, an XO Communications,
Inc. company, Data Return Corp., Digex Corporation, Digital Island, EarthLink,
Inc., Exodus Communications, Inc., Interliant, NTT Verio Inc., and Navisite,
Inc. In addition, large diversified companies such as Intel Corporation, Dell
Computer Corporation, International Business Machines Corporation and AT&T
Corporation have entered or indicated their intent to enter into some of these
markets, which will intensify the competition.

THE COMBINED COMPANY'S ABILITY TO SUCCESSFULLY MARKET ITS SERVICES COULD BE
SUBSTANTIALLY IMPAIRED IF IT IS UNABLE TO DEPLOY NEW INTERNET APPLICATIONS OR IF
NEW INTERNET APPLICATIONS DEPLOYED BY IT PROVE TO BE UNRELIABLE, DEFECTIVE OR
INCOMPATIBLE.

     The combined company cannot assure you that it will not experience
difficulties that could delay or prevent the successful development,
introduction or marketing of Internet application services in the future. The
combined company may also experience difficulties that could delay or prevent
the successful development, introduction or marketing of these services. If any
newly introduced Internet applications suffer from reliability, quality or
compatibility problems, market acceptance of the combined company's services
could be greatly hindered and its ability to attract new customers could be
adversely affected. The combined company cannot assure you that new applications
deployed by it will be free from any reliability, quality or compatibility
problems. If the combined company incurs increased costs or is unable, for
technical or other reasons, to host and manage new Internet applications or
enhancements of existing applications, its ability to successfully market its
services could be substantially impaired. In addition, we cannot assure you that
any new services or applications will be accepted by customers.

IMPAIRMENT OF THE COMBINED COMPANY'S INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS COULD
NEGATIVELY AFFECT THE REPUTATION OF ITS BUSINESS OR COULD ALLOW COMPETITORS TO
MINIMIZE ANY ADVANTAGE THAT THE COMBINED COMPANY'S PROPRIETARY TECHNOLOGY MAY
GIVE TO US.

     Micron Electronics and Interland rely on a combination of copyright,
trademark, service mark and trade secret laws and contractual restrictions to
establish and protect proprietary rights in their services. In particular,
Interland relies on trademark laws to protect its rights in the name "Interland"
which will be the name of the combined company following the merger. Interland
has filed trademark registration applications in the U.S. that even if granted,
may not fully protect the combined company's ability to use these trademarks in
all areas of the U.S. In addition, Interland has spent, and expects to continue
to invest in the future, significant amounts to build brand recognition of the
Interland name. The combined company could lose the return on this significant
marketing investment if it were to lose or be restricted in the use of the
Interland name to market its services. Third parties may object to its use of
some of its trademarks, service marks, trade names, slogans or other devices,
which could require that those indicia be

changed or altered. Currently, neither Micron Electronics nor Interland have
patented technology that would preclude or inhibit competitors from entering the
Web hosting market that they serve. While they believe that they may file patent
applications on particular aspects of their technology, they cannot be sure that
they will receive any patents. Micron Electronics and Interland have entered
into confidentiality and other agreements with their employees and contractors,
including agreements in which the employees and contractors assign their rights
in inventions to the respective companies. Micron Electronics and Interland have
also entered into nondisclosure agreements with their suppliers, distributors
and some customers in order to limit access to and disclosure of their
proprietary information. These contractual arrangements or the other steps they
have taken to protect our intellectual property may not prove sufficient to
prevent illegal use of their technology or to deter independent third-party
development of similar technologies.

     Policing unauthorized use of products, methods of operation or trademarks
and fully protecting our proprietary rights is difficult, and Micron Electronics
and Interland cannot guarantee that the steps they have taken to protect their
proprietary rights will be adequate. Further, Micron Electronics is currently,
and may in the future, be involved in legal disputes relating to the validity or
alleged infringement of its, or of a third party's, intellectual property
rights, including suits related to the PC Systems business. Micron Electronics
and Interland expect that participants in the Web hosting market will be
increasingly subject to infringement claims as the number of services and
competitors in the combined company's industry segment grows. Intellectual
property litigation is typically extremely costly and can be disruptive to the
combined company's business operations by diverting the attention and energies
of management and key technical personnel. In addition, any adverse decisions
could subject the combined company to significant liabilities, require it to
seek licenses from others, prevent it from manufacturing, using, licensing or
selling particular products and services, or cause severe disruptions to its
operations or the markets in which it competes, any one of which could
dramatically impact its business and results of operations.

     The laws of some foreign countries may not protect the combined company's
services or intellectual property rights to the same extent, as do the laws of
the United States. For example, there may be potential conflicts with the use of
the Interland name in other countries. Micron Electronics and Interland do not
know what the impact of being unable to use the Interland name in other
countries may be, although this inability may cause the combined company to
incur significant additional expenses to build brand recognition in those
countries.

THE COMBINED COMPANY WILL FACE RISKS RELATING TO MICRON ELECTRONICS' EXISTING
LITIGATION.

     Micron Electronics is defending a consumer class action lawsuit filed in
the Federal District Court of Minnesota based on the alleged sale of defective
computers. No class has been certified in the case. The case involves a claim
that Micron Electronics sold computer products with a defect that may cause
errors when information is written to a floppy disk. Substantially similar
lawsuits have been filed against other major computer manufacturers. The case is
currently in the early stages of discovery, and Micron Electronics is therefore
unable to estimate total expenses, possible loss or range of loss that may
ultimately be connected with the matter. This potential liability will remain
with Micron Electronics even though it has agreed to sell the PC Systems
business.

     Periodically, Micron Electronics is made aware that technology it uses may
infringe on intellectual property rights held by others. Resolution of these
claims could have a material adverse effect on future results of operations and
could require changes in the products or processes of the combined company.

IF THE COMBINED COMPANY ACQUIRES ADDITIONAL COMPANIES, PRODUCTS OR TECHNOLOGIES,
IT MAY FACE RISKS SIMILAR TO THOSE THAT MICRON ELECTRONICS CURRENTLY FACES IN
CONNECTION WITH THE MERGER.

     As part of Micron Electronics' strategy to grow its HostPro business, it
has made a number of acquisitions and investments, and the combined company may
continue to pursue acquisitions of businesses or assets that it believes are
complementary to its business. The combined company will be required to record
material goodwill and other intangible assets in the likely event the purchase
price of the acquired businesses exceeds the fair value of the net assets
acquired. This has resulted in significant amortization

charges that may increase in future periods as the combined company continues
Micron Electronics' acquisition strategy. The acquired businesses may not
achieve the revenues and earnings anticipated to be achieved by the combined
company. If the combined company acquires another company, it will likely face
the same risks, uncertainties and disruptions as discussed above with respect to
Micron Electronics' merger with Interland. For example, the combined company may
not be able to successfully assimilate the additional personnel, operations,
acquired technology and products into its business. Furthermore, the combined
company may have to incur debt or issue equity securities to pay for any
additional future acquisitions or investments, the issuance of which could be
dilutive to existing shareholders. As a result, there could be a material
adverse effect on its future financial condition and results of operations.
Micron Electronics and Interland cannot assure you of the timing or size of
future acquisitions, or the effect future acquisitions may have on the combined
company's operating results.

IF MICRON ELECTRONICS' RECENT WEB HOSTING ACQUISITIONS ARE NOT PERCEIVED AS
SUCCESSFUL, THIS MIGHT CAUSE A DECLINE IN ITS STOCK PRICE.

     Micron Electronics recently acquired several companies in order to develop
and expand its Web hosting business, including LightRealm, Worldwide
International Publishing Corporation, NetLimited, Inc. and Micron Internet
Services. Many of these companies are in the early stages of their development
and have unproven business models. The combined company might not realize the
anticipated benefits of these or other acquisitions to the extent that it
anticipates, or at all. If the anticipated benefits from these acquisitions are
not achieved, the combined company's stock price could decline.

INTERLAND'S RECENT GROWTH STRAINED ITS RESOURCES, AND CHALLENGED ITS ABILITY TO
MANAGE GROWTH AND MAINTAIN THE QUALITY OF ITS SERVICES AND OPERATIONS AND
CONTROL ITS COSTS EFFECTIVELY, AND THE COMBINED COMPANY WILL FACE SIMILAR
CHALLENGES.

     Interland has been experiencing a period of rapid expansion of its customer
base and number of employees. This growth has placed a significant strain on the
financial, management, operational and other resources of Interland. If the
growth rate of the combined company continues at this pace, it will likely
strain the resources of the combined company. In addition, the combined company
will face the challenge of managing relationships with a growing number of third
parties with whom Interland developed relationships to complement its service
offerings and increase its indirect sales efforts. If this growth continues, the
combined company's ability to manage its further growth effectively will require
it to:

     - enhance management information systems and forecasting procedures;

     - further develop its operating, administrative, financial, billing, and
       accounting systems and controls;

     - maintain close coordination among its engineering, accounting, finance,
       marketing, sales and operations organizations;

     - expand the training and managing of its employee base; and

     - expand its finance, administrative and operations staff.

     The failure to manage its growth effectively could adversely affect the
quality of its services, business and financial condition. The combined company
may not be able to maintain the quality of its operations, to control its costs
and to expand its internal systems in order to support its desired growth.

IF THE COMBINED COMPANY IS UNABLE TO EXPAND ITS NETWORK INFRASTRUCTURE CAPACITY,
THEN IT MAY NOT BE ABLE TO MEET INCREASING DEMAND, AND COULD LOSE CUSTOMERS AND
MAY BE UNABLE TO SUSTAIN OR INCREASE ITS REVENUES.

     The combined company must continue to expand and adapt its network
infrastructure to meet the increase in the number of users and the amount of
information they wish to transport and to meet changing customer requirements.
The expansion and adaptation of the combined company's telecommunications and
hosting facility infrastructure will require substantial financial, operational
and management

resources as it negotiates for access to telecommunications systems with
existing and other network infrastructure suppliers. Significant and rapid
expansion of its network due to increased usage will place additional stress
upon its network hardware, traffic management systems and hosting facilities.
The ability of the combined company's network to connect and manage a
substantially larger number of customers at high transmission speeds is as yet
unknown. In addition, the combined company's ability to expand its network while
maintaining superior performance is unknown. As customers' bandwidth usage
increases, the combined company will need to make additional investments in its
infrastructure to maintain adequate data transmissions speeds, the availability
of which may be limited and the cost of which may be significant. Additional
network capacity may not be available from third-party suppliers as it is needed
by the combined company. As a result, its network may not be able to achieve or
maintain a sufficiently high capacity of data transmission, especially if
customer usage increases. Any failure on its part to achieve or maintain
high-capacity data transmission could significantly reduce consumer demand for
its services and adversely affect its business.

IF THE COMBINED COMPANY IS UNABLE TO OBTAIN SUFFICIENT TELECOMMUNICATIONS
NETWORK CAPACITY AT REASONABLE COSTS, IT MAY NOT BE ABLE TO PROVIDE SERVICES AT
PRICES ACCEPTABLE TO ITS CUSTOMERS, THEREBY REDUCING DEMAND FOR ITS SERVICES.

     The success of the combined company will depend upon the capacity, ease of
expansion, reliability and security of its network infrastructure, including the
capacity leased from its telecommunications network suppliers. HostPro's and
Interland's network currently delivers service through Cable & Wireless, McLeod,
Qwest, Electric Lightwave, Genuity, Worldcom, Level 3, XO, Sprint and Touch
America. Some of these suppliers are also competitors. Its operating results
depend, in part, upon the pricing and availability of telecommunications network
capacity from a limited number of providers. If capacity is not available to the
combined company as its customers' usage increases, its network may not be able
to achieve or maintain sufficiently high data transmission capacity, reliability
or performance. In addition, its business would suffer if its network suppliers
increased the prices for their services and the combined company were unable to
pass along any increased costs to its customers. Any failure on the combined
company's part or the part of our third-party suppliers to achieve or maintain
high data transmission capacity, reliability or performance could significantly
reduce customer demand for its services, damage its business reputation and
increase its costs.

THE COMBINED COMPANY WILL DEPEND ON ITS RESELLER SALES CHANNEL TO MARKET AND
SELL MANY OF ITS SERVICES. THE COMBINED COMPANY WILL NOT CONTROL ITS RESELLERS,
AND IF IT FAILS TO DEVELOP OR MAINTAIN GOOD RELATIONS WITH RESELLERS, IT MAY NOT
ACHIEVE THE GROWTH IN CUSTOMERS AND REVENUES THAT IT EXPECTS.

     An element of the strategy for growth of the combined company is to further
develop the use of third parties who resell Interland's and HostPro's services.
Many of these resellers are Web development or Web consulting companies that
also sell Interland's and HostPro's Web hosting services, but that generally do
not have established customer bases to which they can market the combined
company's services. While neither HostPro nor Interland is currently dependent
on any one reseller to generate a significant level of business, both companies
have benefited from business generated by the reseller channel. Although HostPro
and Interland attempt to provide their resellers with incentives such as price
discounts on services that the resellers seek to resell at a profit, the failure
of the combined company's services to be commercially accepted in some markets,
whether as a result of a reseller's performance or otherwise, could cause
Interland's and HostPro's current resellers to discontinue their relationships
with the combined company, and we may not be successful in establishing
additional reseller relationships as needed.

THE COMBINED COMPANY WILL BE SUBJECT TO CHANGES IN TECHNOLOGY AND INDUSTRY
STANDARDS.

     In the Web and applications hosting industry, service providers must keep
pace with evolving technologies in order to offer relevant, sophisticated
services on a timely basis to meet rapidly changing customer demands. The
combined company's future success will depend, in part, upon its ability to
offer services that incorporate leading technologies, address the increasingly
sophisticated and varied needs of its

current and prospective Web and applications hosting customers and respond to
technological advances and emerging industry standards and practices on a timely
and cost-effective basis. The market for Web hosting services is characterized
by rapidly changing and unproven technologies, evolving industry standards,
changes in customer needs, emerging competition and frequent introductions of
new services. To be successful, the combined company must continually improve
the performance, features and reliability of its services, including our
proprietary technologies, and modify its business strategies accordingly. The
combined company could also incur substantial costs if it needs to modify its
services or infrastructure in order to adapt to these changes. Technological
advances may have the effect of encouraging some current or future customers to
rely on in-house personnel and equipment to furnish the services that HostPro
and Interland currently provide. If it is unable to maintain the compatibility
of its services with products offered by its vendors, it could lose or fail to
attract customers.

     The combined company's management believes that its ability to compete
successfully also depends upon the continued compatibility of its services with
products offered by various vendors. Enhanced or newly developed third-party
products may not be compatible with our infrastructure, and such products may
not adequately address the needs of its customers. Although the combined company
currently intends to support emerging standards, industry standards may not be
established, and, even if they are established, it may not be able to conform to
these new standards in a timely fashion in order to maintain a competitive
position in the market. The combined company's failure to conform to the
prevailing standard, or the failure of a common standard to emerge, could cause
the combined company to lose customers or fail to attract new customers. In
addition, products, services or technologies developed by others could render
the combined company's services noncompetitive or obsolete.

THE COMBINED COMPANY'S ABILITY TO ATTRACT CUSTOMERS IS DEPENDENT ON THE RELIABLE
PERFORMANCE AND GROWTH OF USE OF THE INTERNET.

     Use of the Internet for retrieving, sharing and transferring information
among businesses, consumers, suppliers and partners has recently begun to
increase rapidly. The adoption of the Internet for information retrieval and
exchange, commerce and communications, particularly by those enterprises that
have historically relied upon alternative means of information gathering,
commerce and communications, generally requires the adoption of a new medium of
conducting business and exchanging information. If the Internet as a commercial
or business medium fails to develop further or develops more slowly than
expected, the combined company would not be able to grow its customer base as
quickly as desired and its customers would be less likely to require more
complex, higher revenue services from it.

     As a Web and applications hosting company, the success of the combined
company will depend in large part on continued growth in the use of the
Internet. The lack of continued growth in the usage of the Internet would
adversely affect its business because it would not gain additional customers and
its existing customers might not have any further use for our services. Internet
usage and growth may be inhibited for a number of reasons, such as:

     - inadequate network infrastructure;

     - security concerns;

     - uncertainty of legal and regulatory issues concerning the use of the
       Internet;

     - inconsistent quality of service;

     - lack of availability of cost-effective, reliable, high-speed service; and

     - failure of Internet use to expand internationally.

     If Internet usage grows, the Internet infrastructure may not be able to
support the demands placed on it by this growth, or its performance and
reliability may decline. For example, Web sites have experienced interruptions
in service as a result of outages and other delays occurring throughout the
Internet network infrastructure. If these outages or delays occur frequently,
use of the Internet as a commercial or business medium could in the future grow
more slowly or decline.

THE COMBINED COMPANY IS VULNERABLE TO SYSTEM FAILURES, WHICH COULD HARM ITS
REPUTATION, CAUSE ITS CUSTOMERS TO SEEK REIMBURSEMENT FOR SERVICES, AND CAUSE
ITS CUSTOMERS TO SEEK ANOTHER PROVIDER FOR SERVICES.

     The combined company must be able to operate the systems that manage its
network around the clock without interruption. The combined company's operations
will depend upon its ability to protect its network infrastructure, equipment
and customer files against damage from human error, fire, earthquakes,
hurricanes, floods, power loss, telecommunications failures, sabotage,
intentional acts of vandalism and similar events. Although both HostPro and
Interland have attempted to build redundancy into their networks, their networks
are currently subject to various points of failure. For example, a problem with
one of their routers, or devices that move information from one computer network
to another, or switches could cause an interruption in the services they provide
to a portion of their customers. In the past, both HostPro and Interland have
experienced periodic interruptions in service. In addition, failure of any of
their telecommunications providers to provide the data communications capacity
they require, as a result of human error, a natural disaster or other
operational disruption, could result in interruptions in services. Any future
interruptions could:

     - cause customers or end users to seek damages for losses incurred;

     - require the combined company to replace existing equipment or add
       redundant facilities;

     - damage the reputation of the combined company for reliable service;

     - cause existing customers to cancel their contracts; or

     - make it more difficult for the combined company to attract new customers.

     Both HostPro and Interland offer some of their customers a 99.9% service
level warranty. Under these policies, Interland and HostPro guarantee that those
customers' Web sites will be available at least 99.9% of the time in each
calendar month for as long as the customer is using its Web hosting services. If
the combined company were to experience widespread system failures, it could
incur significant costs under those warranties.

THE COMBINED COMPANY'S DATA CENTERS AND NETWORKS MAY BE VULNERABLE TO SECURITY
BREACHES.

     A significant barrier to electronic commerce and communications is the need
for secure transmission of confidential information over public networks. Some
of both HostPro's and Interland's services rely on security technology licensed
from third parties that provides the encryption and authentication necessary to
effect the secure transmission of confidential information. Despite the design
and implementation of a variety of network security measures by both HostPro and
Interland, unauthorized access, computer viruses, accidental or intentional
actions and other disruptions could occur. In the past, both HostPro and
Interland have experienced, and in the future the combined company may
experience, delays or interruptions in service as a result of the accidental or
intentional actions of Internet users, current and former employees or others.
In addition, inappropriate use of the network by third parties could also
potentially jeopardize the security of confidential information, such as credit
card and bank account numbers stored in our computer systems. These security
problems could result in our liability and could also cause the loss of existing
customers and potential customers. In addition, third parties could interfere
with the operation of our customers' Web sites through intentional attacks
including causing an overload of traffic to these Web sites.

     Although the combined company intends to continue to implement
industry-standard security measures, third parties may be able to overcome any
measures that we implement. The costs required to eliminate computer viruses and
alleviate other security problems could be prohibitively expensive and the
efforts to address such problems could result in interruptions, delays or
cessation of service to our customers, and harm our reputation and growth.
Concerns over the security of Internet transactions and the privacy of users may
also inhibit the growth of the Internet, especially as a means of conducting
commercial transactions.

DISRUPTION OF THE COMBINED COMPANY'S SERVICES CAUSED BY UNKNOWN SOFTWARE DEFECTS
COULD HARM ITS BUSINESS AND REPUTATION.

     The service offerings of both HostPro and Interland depend on complex
software, including proprietary software tools and software licensed from third
parties. Complex software often contains defects, particularly when first
introduced or when new versions are released. The combined company may not
discover software defects that affect its new or current services or
enhancements until after they are deployed. Although neither HostPro nor
Interland have experienced any material software defects to date, it is possible
that defects may occur in the software. These defects could cause service
interruptions, which could damage its reputation or increase its service costs,
cause it to lose revenue, delay market acceptance or divert its development
resources.

PROVIDING SERVICES TO CUSTOMERS WITH CRITICAL WEB SITES AND WEB-BASED
APPLICATIONS COULD POTENTIALLY EXPOSE THE COMBINED COMPANY TO LAWSUITS FOR
CUSTOMERS' LOST PROFITS OR OTHER DAMAGES.

     Because the Web hosting and applications hosting services of HostPro and
Interland are critical to many of their customers' businesses, any significant
interruption in the services provided by the combined company could result in
lost profits or other indirect or consequential damages to both HostPro's and
Interland's customers as well as negative publicity and additional expenditures
to correct the problem for the combined company. Although the standard terms and
conditions of both HostPro's and Interland's customer contracts disclaim
liability for any such damages, a customer could still bring a lawsuit against
them claiming lost profits or other consequential damages as the result of a
service interruption or other Web site or application problems that the customer
may attribute to them. A court might not enforce any limitations on HostPro's or
Interland's liability, and the outcome of any lawsuit would depend on the
specific facts of the case and legal and policy considerations even if the
combined company believes it would have meritorious defenses to any such claims.
In these cases, the combined company could be liable for substantial damage
awards. Damage awards might exceed its liability insurance by unknown but
significant amounts, which would seriously harm its business.

THE COMBINED COMPANY COULD FACE LIABILITY FOR INFORMATION DISTRIBUTED THROUGH
ITS NETWORK.

     The law relating to the liability of on-line services companies for
information carried on or distributed through their networks is currently
unsettled. On-line services companies could be subject to claims under both
United States and foreign law for defamation, negligence, copyright or trademark
infringement, violation of securities laws or other theories based on the nature
and content of the materials distributed through their networks. Several private
lawsuits seeking to impose such liability upon other entities are currently
pending against other companies. In addition, organizations and individuals have
sent unsolicited commercial e-mails from servers hosted by service providers to
massive numbers of people, typically to advertise products or services. This
practice, known as "spamming," can lead to complaints against service providers
that enable such activities, particularly where recipients view the materials
received as offensive. The combined company may, in the future, receive letters
from recipients of information transmitted by its customers objecting to such
transmission. Although the combined company prohibits its customers by contract
from spamming, it cannot assure you that its customers will not engage in this
practice, which could subject it to claims for damages.

     In addition, the combined company may become subject to proposed
legislation that would impose liability for or prohibit the transmission over
the Internet of some types of information. Other countries may also enact
legislation or take action that could impose liability on the combined company
or cause it not to be able to operate in those countries. The imposition upon it
and other on-line services of potential liability for information carried on or
distributed through its systems could require the combined company to implement
measures to reduce its exposure to this liability, which may require it to
expend substantial resources, or to discontinue service offerings. The increased
attention focused upon liability issues as a result of these lawsuits and
legislative proposals also could affect the growth of Internet use.

THE COMBINED COMPANY'S BUSINESS MAY BE IMPACTED BY GOVERNMENT REGULATION AND
LEGAL UNCERTAINTIES.

     Only a small body of laws and regulations currently applies specifically to
access to, or commerce on, the Internet. Due to the increasing popularity and
use of the Internet, however, laws and regulations with respect to the Internet
may be adopted at federal, state and local levels, covering issues such as user
privacy, freedom of expression, pricing, characteristics and quality of products
and services, taxation, advertising, intellectual property rights, information
security and the convergence of traditional telecommunications services with
Internet communications. The combined company cannot fully predict the nature of
future legislation and the manner in which government authorities may interpret
and enforce. As a result, the combined company and its customers could be
subject to potential liability under future legislation, which in turn could
have a material adverse effect on the combined company's business. For example,
if legislation were adopted in the U.S. or internationally that makes
transacting business over the Internet less favorable or otherwise curtails the
growth of the Internet, the combined company's business would suffer. The
adoption of laws or regulations might decrease the growth of the Internet, which
in turn could decrease the demand for the combined company's services or
increase the cost of doing business or in some other manner harm its business.

     In addition, applicability to the Internet of existing laws governing
issues such as property ownership, copyright and other intellectual property
issues, taxation, libel, obscenity and personal privacy is uncertain. These laws
generally pre-date the advent of the Internet and related technologies and, as a
result, do not consider or address the unique issues of the Internet and related
technologies. Changes to laws intended to address these issues could create
uncertainty in the marketplace that could reduce demand for the combined
company's services or increase the cost of doing business as a result of costs
of litigation or increased service delivery costs, or could in some other manner
have a material adverse effect on its business.

     In addition, because the combined company's services are available over the
Internet virtually worldwide, and because it will facilitate sales by customers
to end users located in multiple states and foreign countries, jurisdictions may
claim that the combined company is required to qualify to do business as a
foreign corporation in those states or that it have a permanent establishment in
the foreign country.

THE COMBINED COMPANY'S INTERNATIONAL OPERATIONS ARE SUBJECT TO RISKS.

     HostPro and Interland derived approximately 18% and 9% of their revenues
from international sales for the quarter ended March 1, 2001 and March 31, 2001.
International sales will most likely represent a significant percentage of the
combined company's revenues. International business is subject to a number of
special risks, including:

     - different regulatory requirements;

     - different privacy, censorship and liability standards and regulations;

     - less protective intellectual property laws;

     - different technology standards;

     - unexpected changes in, or imposition of, regulatory requirements;

     - tariffs and other barriers and restrictions;

     - general geopolitical risks such as political and economic instability,

     - hostilities among countries and changes in diplomatic and trade
       relationships; and

     - other factors beyond the control of the combined company.

SUBSTANTIAL FUTURE SALES OF SHARES BY SHAREHOLDERS COULD NEGATIVELY AFFECT OUR
STOCK PRICE.

     If shareholders of the combined company sell substantial amounts of Micron
Electronics common stock in the public market after the merger, the market price
of Micron Electronics common stock could

decline. Under the shareholder agreement, Mr. Kocher and some Interland
shareholders agreed not to sell their shares of Micron Electronics common stock,
representing approximately 12% of the outstanding common stock of the combined
company, assuming an exchange ratio of 0.8610, for a period of nine months after
the closing of the merger, subject to limited exceptions. Additionally, Micron
Technology, who will own approximately 43% of the outstanding common stock of
the combined company, assuming an exchange ratio of 0.8610, agreed not to sell
any shares of Micron Electronics common stock beneficially held by it for a
period of nine months after the closing of the merger, subject to limited
exceptions. As a result, after these lockup provisions expire, approximately 55%
of the outstanding common stock of the combined company, assuming an exchange
ratio of 0.8610, will be eligible for sale in the public market subject to
volume limitations under Rule 144 of the Securities Act. Furthermore, these
shareholders will have the right to require the combined company to register
their shares for sale pursuant to an existing registration rights agreement.

                     THE MICRON ELECTRONICS SPECIAL MEETING

DATE, TIME, PLACE AND PURPOSE OF MICRON ELECTRONICS' MEETING

     A special meeting of shareholders of Micron Electronics will be held at the
               at 10:00 a.m., Eastern time, on             , 2001. At the
meeting, shareholders at the close of business on             , 2001 will be
asked to:

          1. Approve the issuance of shares of Micron Electronics common stock
     in the merger. The merger agreement is attached as Annex A to this joint
     proxy statement/prospectus.

          2. Approve an amendment to Micron Electronics' articles of
     incorporation increasing the authorized number of shares of capital stock
     to 200,000,000 and changing the name Micron Electronics, Inc. to
     "Interland, Inc." upon the closing of the merger. The proposed amendment is
     attached as Annex F to this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

          3. Approve an amendment to Micron Electronics' bylaws to:

           - provide that all directors shall hold office for a period of at
             least two years after the closing of the merger;

           - permit the removal of directors only for "cause" during the two
             year period following the closing of the merger;

           - effective after the expiration of the two-year period after the
             closing of the merger, change the term of all directors to an
             indefinite term, and permit their removal with or without cause;
             and

           - authorize the board of directors to decrease the size of the board
             in the future.

        The proposed amendment is attached as Annex G to this joint proxy
statement/prospectus.

          4. Increase the size of the Micron Electronics board of directors to
     eight (8) members.

          5. Elect three additional directors to the Micron Electronics board of
     directors. Micron Electronics will present the following nominees for
     election as directors:

                                  Kenneth Gavranovic
                                  Gregg A. Mockenhaupt
                                  [Additional nominee to be added by amendment]

          6. Transact any other business that may properly come before the
     meeting or any adjournment.

RECORD DATE AND OUTSTANDING SHARES

     Only holders of record of Micron Electronics common stock at the close of
business on the record date are entitled to notice of and to vote at the
meeting. As of the close of business on the record date, there were
shares of Micron Electronics common stock outstanding and entitled to vote, held
of record by approximately       shareholders, although Micron Electronics has
been informed that there are in excess of       beneficial owners.

VOTE REQUIRED

     Holders of Micron Electronics' common stock are entitled to one vote for
each share held as of the record date. Approval of each of the proposals
requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares present, in person or
by proxy, at the meeting. Under the voting agreement, Micron Technology agreed
to vote its shares, which constitute approximately 61% of Micron Electronics'
outstanding common stock as of the record date, in favor of the proposals.

SHARE OWNERSHIP OF MANAGEMENT AND PRINCIPAL SHAREHOLDERS

     On the record date, directors, executive officers and affiliates of Micron
Electronics as a group beneficially owned            shares of Micron
Electronics common stock. These shares constituted approximately    % of all of
the outstanding Micron Electronics common stock as of the record date.

VOTES NEEDED FOR A QUORUM, EFFECT OF ABSTENTIONS AND BROKER NON-VOTES

     A majority of all votes eligible to be cast will be required to establish a
quorum for the transaction of business at the meeting. Shares that are voted
"FOR", "AGAINST", "WITHHOLD" or "ABSTAIN" are treated as being present at the
meeting for the purpose of establishing a quorum and are also treated as shares
entitled to vote at the meeting with respect to a matter. Abstentions will have
the same effect as voting against a proposal. Broker non-votes will be counted
for the purpose of determining the presence or absence of a quorum for the
transaction of business, but these non-votes will not be counted for the purpose
of determining the number of votes cast with respect to the particular proposal
on which a broker has expressly not voted. Thus, a broker non-vote will not
affect the outcome of the voting on a proposal.

EXPENSES OF PROXY SOLICITATION

     Micron Electronics will pay the expenses of soliciting proxies to be voted
at the meeting. Following the original mailing of the proxies and other
soliciting materials, Micron Electronics or its agents may also solicit proxies
by mail, telephone, telegraph or in person. Following the original mailing of
the proxies and other soliciting materials, Micron Electronics will request that
brokers, custodians, nominees and other record holders of Micron Electronics
shares forward copies of the proxy and other soliciting materials to persons for
whom they hold shares and request authority for the exercise of proxies. In
these cases, Micron Electronics will reimburse the record holders for their
reasonable expenses if they ask Micron Electronics to do so.

VOTING OF PROXIES

     The proxy accompanying this joint proxy statement/prospectus is solicited
on behalf of the Micron Electronics board of directors for use at the meeting.
Please complete, date and sign the accompanying proxy and promptly return it in
the enclosed envelope or otherwise mail it to Micron Electronics. All properly
signed proxies that Micron Electronics receives prior to the vote at the meeting
and that are not revoked will be voted at the meeting according to the
instructions indicated on the proxies or, if no direction is indicated, to
approve the issuance of Micron Electronics stock in the merger and for the other
proposals submitted by Micron Electronics. A proxy may be revoked by any of the
following methods:

     - a written instrument delivered to Micron Electronics stating that the
       proxy is revoked;

     - a subsequent proxy that is signed by the person who signed the earlier
       proxy and is presented at the meeting; or

     - attendance at the Micron Electronics meeting and voting in person.

     Please note, however, that if a shareholder's shares are held of record by
a broker, bank or other nominee and that shareholder wishes to vote at the
meeting, the shareholder must bring to the meeting a letter from the broker,
bank or other nominee confirming that shareholder's beneficial ownership of the
shares.

OTHER BUSINESS; ADJOURNMENTS

     The Micron Electronics board of directors is aware of no other matters,
except for those incidental to the conduct of the meeting, that are to be
presented to shareholders for formal action at the meeting. If, however, any
other matters properly come before the meeting or any postponement, adjournment,
or adjournments thereof, it is the intention of the persons named in the proxy
to vote the proxy in accordance with their judgment.

     Adjournments may be made for the purpose of, among other things, soliciting
additional proxies. Any adjournment may be made from time to time by approval of
the holders of shares representing a majority of the votes present in person or
by proxy at the meeting, whether a quorum exists, without further notice other
than by an announcement at the meeting.

NO APPRAISAL RIGHTS

     Holders of Micron Electronics common stock are not entitled to dissenters'
rights or appraisal rights with respect to the proposals to be considered at the
meeting.

                         THE INTERLAND SPECIAL MEETING

DATE, TIME, PLACE AND PURPOSE OF INTERLAND'S MEETING

     The special meeting of the shareholders of Interland will be held at
a.m., Eastern time, on             , 2001, at                     located at
                   . At the meeting, the shareholders will be asked:

          1. To approve the merger of Imagine Acquisition Corporation, a wholly
     owned subsidiary of Micron Electronics, Inc. with and into Interland, Inc.
     and approve and adopt a merger agreement with Micron Electronics. The
     merger agreement relating to the proposed merger is included as Annex A to
     the attached joint proxy statement/prospectus. In the merger, Micron
     Electronics will issue 0.8610 shares of common stock for each share of
     outstanding Interland common stock, subject to adjustments.

          2. To consider such other matters as may properly come before the
     meeting and any adjournment or postponement thereof.

RECORD DATE, OUTSTANDING SHARES, AND QUORUM REQUIREMENTS

     Only shareholders of record at the close of business on             , 2001,
are entitled to notice of and to vote in person or by proxy at the annual
meeting. As of that date, approximately            shares of Interland common
stock, no par value per share, were issued and outstanding and entitled to vote
at the annual meeting. The presence of a majority of such shares is required, in
person or by proxy, to constitute a quorum for the conduct of business at the
annual meeting.

VOTE REQUIREMENTS

     Each share of common stock is entitled to one vote on any matter submitted
for vote by the shareholders. A majority of the total votes represented by the
outstanding shares of Interland common stock on the record date are necessary to
approve the merger and approve and adopt the merger agreement. Broker non-votes
and abstentions will have the same effect as a vote against the merger and the
merger agreement. Under a voting agreement, some Interland shareholders agreed
to vote an aggregate of approximately 38% of Interland's outstanding common
stock in favor of the merger and the merger agreement.

SHARES BENEFICIALLY OWNED BY INTERLAND DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND
PRINCIPAL SHAREHOLDERS AS OF THE RECORD DATE

     On             , 2001, directors, executive officers and other principal
shareholders of Interland and their affiliates beneficially owned, and were
entitled to vote,            shares of Interland common stock, or approximately
   % of the outstanding shares.

VOTING OF PROXIES

     Proxies in the accompanying form, duly executed and returned as instructed,
and not revoked, will be voted at the special meeting. Interland shareholders
may revoke any proxy given pursuant to this solicitation at any time prior to
the voting of the proxy by delivery of a subsequently dated proxy, by written
notification to Interland's secretary, or by personally withdrawing a proxy at
the special meeting and voting in person.

     Proxies that are executed, but that do not contain any specific
instructions, will be voted for approval of the merger and approval and adoption
of the merger agreement and in the discretion of the persons appointed as
proxies on any other matter that may properly come before the special meeting or
any postponement, adjournment or adjournments thereof, including any vote to
postpone or adjourn the meeting.

EXPENSES OF PROXY SOLICITATION

     Interland will pay the expenses of soliciting proxies to be voted at the
meeting. Following the original mailing of the proxies and other soliciting
materials, Interland or its agents may also solicit proxies by mail, telephone,
telegraph or in person. Following the original mailing of the proxies and other
soliciting materials, Interland will request that brokers, custodians, nominees
and other record holders of Interland shares forward copies of the proxy and
other soliciting materials to persons for whom they hold shares and request
authority for the exercise of proxies. In these cases, Interland will reimburse
the record holders for their reasonable expenses if they ask Interland to do so.

OTHER BUSINESS; ADJOURNMENTS

     The Interland board of directors is aware of no other matters, except for
those incidental to the conduct of the meeting, that are to be presented to
shareholders for formal action at the meeting. If, however, any other matters
properly come before the meeting or any postponement, adjournment, or
adjournments thereof, it is the intention of the persons named in the proxy to
vote the proxy in accordance with their judgment.

     Adjournments may be made for the purpose of, among other things, soliciting
additional proxies. Any adjournment may be made from time to time by approval of
the holders of shares representing a majority of the votes present in person or
by proxy at the meeting, whether a quorum exists, without further notice other
than by an announcement at the meeting.

NO APPRAISAL RIGHTS

     Under Georgia law, holders of Interland common stock are not entitled to
dissenters' rights or appraisal rights with respect to the merger.

     WHETHER OR NOT YOU EXPECT TO ATTEND THE MEETING, PLEASE COMPLETE, DATE,
SIGN AND PROMPTLY RETURN THE ACCOMPANYING PROXY IN THE ENCLOSED POSTAGE PAID
ENVELOPE SO THAT YOUR SHARES MAY BE REPRESENTED AT THE MEETING.

                      THE MERGER AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

     This section of the joint proxy statement/prospectus describes aspects of
the proposed merger and the merger agreement. While Micron Electronics and
Interland believe that the description covers the material terms of the merger
and the related transactions, this summary may not contain all of the
information that is important to you. You should read this entire document and
the other documents to which you are referred carefully for a more complete
understanding of the merger. In addition, Micron Electronics incorporates
important business and financial information about it into this joint proxy
statement/ prospectus by reference. See "Documents Incorporated by Reference in
this Joint Proxy Statement/ Prospectus" on page 1. You may obtain the
information incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus
without charge by following the instructions in the section entitled "Where You
Can Find More Information" on page 1.

BACKGROUND OF THE MERGER

     Early in 2000, management of Interland and Micron Electronics had engaged
in informal general discussions. In November 2000, Interland reinitiated those
discussions, regarding the possibility of a strategic relationship between the
two companies. On December 15, 2000, Micron Electronics and Interland entered
into a confidentiality agreement.

     During the last two weeks of December 2000 and throughout the month of
January 2001, discussions continued, primarily between the chief executive
officers of the companies, regarding a potential business combination between
the two companies.

     At a meeting of the Interland board of directors on January 16, 2001,
strategic alternatives were discussed, including potential additional
investments by current strategic partners. At the meeting, representatives of
Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc., financial advisor to Interland, made a presentation to
the Interland board of directors regarding current equity market conditions,
which generally indicated that raising additional capital would be difficult at
best for the foreseeable future. The Interland board was also advised by
Interland's legal counsel, Kilpatrick Stockton LLP, of its fiduciary duties in
considering a merger with Micron Electronics. Immediately after this board
meeting, the executive management of Interland and Micron Electronics
intensified their discussions regarding a potential combination.

     On January 17, 2001, in Los Angeles, California, executive officers of
Micron Electronics met with executive officers of Interland to discuss a
possible business combination.

     On January 22, 2001, a telephonic meeting was held with executive officers
and the financial advisors and legal counsel of both Micron Electronics and
Interland during which the broad strategic goals of a potential business
combination of the two companies were discussed. It was resolved at this meeting
to schedule a meeting of the parties to further investigate and discuss the
potential business combination.

     On January 23, 2001, the Micron Electronics board of directors held a
meeting by teleconference during which they discussed the potential Interland
transaction and authorized Micron Electronics' executive management to proceed
with further analysis and due diligence. The Micron Electronics' board was also
advised by Micron Electronics' legal counsel, Fenwick & West LLP and Dorsey &
Whitney LLP, of its fiduciary duties in considering the merger with Interland.

     On January 24, 2001, in Dallas, Texas, Messrs. Kocher, Cavender, and
Stewart of Micron Electronics and representatives of CIBC World Markets Corp.,
financial advisor to Micron Electronics, met with Messrs. Gavranovic, Gill and
Covington of Interland, and representatives of Bear Stearns to discuss the terms
of a potential business combination between Micron Electronics and Interland. At
this meeting, the executives of both companies made detailed presentations
regarding their areas of operation. In addition, the structure, economic terms
and other material conditions of a potential combination were discussed in a
preliminary manner. This meeting concluded without agreement between the parties
with respect to price or other financial terms.

     The status of discussions with Micron Electronics, including the results of
this meeting, were reported to the Interland board of directors at its meeting
on January 31, 2001. After receiving this report and discussing the general
financial condition and strategic direction of the company, the Interland board
of directors approved the formal engagement of Bear Stearns as its financial
advisor to identify and evaluate, and conduct an appropriate search for,
strategic transactions for the company.

     In the period from just prior to the January 31, 2001 Interland board
meeting until the execution of the merger agreement with Micron Electronics,
Bear Stearns assisted Interland in developing a list of prospective purchasers
of, or investors in, Interland and then contacted those entities, and in some
cases engaged in discussions regarding the possibility of a strategic
transaction with Interland. By March 1, 2001, Bear Stearns or officers of
Interland had made contact with 21 parties other than Micron Electronics,
provided confidential information regarding Interland to 11 of these other
parties and engaged in discussions with two of these other parties regarding a
potential transaction.

     On February 1, 2001, the Micron Electronics board of directors held a
meeting by teleconference and discussed the possibility of entering into a
transaction with Interland, including discussions regarding the appropriate
valuation ranges for Interland, and approved the delivery of a non-binding
preliminary letter of interest to Interland.

     A preliminary letter of interest was received by Interland from Micron
Electronics during the first week of February 2001, but several of its proposed
material terms were unacceptable to Interland. A revised letter of interest was
presented to Interland during the second week of February. Although the parties
had not reached agreement on many of the material terms addressed in the revised
letter, management of both parties agreed that it was appropriate for both to
continue with more thorough due diligence while attempting to resolve the issues
on which there continued to be disagreement. During the latter half of February
2001, both companies engaged in extensive legal, operational and financial due
diligence investigations of the other.

     On February 14, 2001, the Micron Electronics board of directors held a
regularly scheduled meeting and discussed further the possibility of entering
into a transaction with Interland. The Micron Electronics board discussed
prospects for maintaining cash at designated levels at the time of the
anticipated closing of any merger with Interland and the possibility that the
proposed exchange ratio would be adjusted if cash and cash equivalents fell
below a specified level. The Micron Electronics board also discussed the
advisability of a contingent distribution of cash to Micron Electronics
shareholders in the event net cash as of the merger closing or Net Proceeds from
any sale of the PC Systems business exceeded specified levels and the means of
adjusting that value fairly if Micron Electronics' cash as of the merger closing
was less than projected.

     On February 20, 2001, in Atlanta, Georgia, a group of the executive
officers of Micron Electronics and representatives of CIBC World Markets met
with a group of the officers of Interland and representatives of Bear Stearns,
to discuss the terms for a potential business combination between Micron
Electronics and Interland. This meeting concluded without agreement between the
parties with respect to price or other financial terms.

     From February 20 through 21, 2001, Micron Electronics' human resources,
technical and legal personnel, Micron Electronics' outside legal counsel and
accounting advisor as well as representatives of CIBC World Markets, conducted a
due diligence investigation of Interland in Atlanta. From February 21 through
24, 2001, a group of officers of Interland, representatives of Interland's legal
counsel and accounting advisor and representatives of Bear Stearns, conducted a
due diligence investigation of Micron Electronics in Boise, and Nampa, Idaho. On
February 26 and 27, 2001, executive officers of Interland and representatives of
Bear Stearns conducted a due diligence investigation of the HostPro business in
Seattle, Washington and Los Angeles, California.

     On March 2, 5, and 6, 2001, Messrs. Kocher and Cavender from Micron
Electronics and Mr. Gill and Ms. Stevens from Interland discussed the value of
potential cost reductions and other benefits arising

from the proposed transaction. These discussions concluded without further
discussion between the parties with respect to price or other financial terms.

     A first draft of the merger agreement was delivered by Micron Electronics
to Interland on February 27, 2001, containing details on many of the merger
terms that had previously been discussed between the parties. Between February
27 and March 11, 2001, executive officers of Interland and Interland's financial
and legal advisors continued to negotiate and discuss points of disagreement
with Micron Electronics and its legal and financial advisors, resolving many
open issues.

     At a special meeting of the Interland board of directors on the evening of
Sunday, March 11, 2001, management, legal counsel and the financial advisors to
Interland reported on the material terms of the merger agreement and the
significant points of negotiations between the parties that remained unresolved
at that time. Bear Stearns and members of Interland management also updated the
Interland board of directors on the status of the company's strategic
alternatives, including the possibility of raising capital from strategic
partners. While it was reported that some of Interland's strategic partners had
indicated a general interest in potentially making additional, noncontrol
investments in Interland, these discussions were at a preliminary stage and
would take substantial additional time to bring to closure. Bear Stearns and
management updated the Interland board of directors on the status of contacts
with prospective strategic partners.

     They also reported on an oral indication of interest in a merger with
Interland that had been expressed by one of the entities contacted by Bear
Stearns. It was agreed that the indication of interest from this other company
should be pursued and that Interland should cooperate in every reasonable manner
to provide the information needed to allow this entity to decide whether to make
a formal offer.

     From March 16 through 22, 2001, Micron Electronics and Interland were
engaged in negotiations on key transaction terms and documents. During this
period, issues under discussion included Micron Electronics' concerns about: the
method of calculating and adjusting the proposed exchange ratio; Interland's
request for a covenant or closing condition giving comfort that Micron
Electronics would sell or exit, or announce its intention to sell or exit, its
PC Systems business prior to the merger closing; the calculation of any
distributions of the Net Proceeds from the sale of the PC Systems business that
could be made to the shareholders of Micron Electronics; details of the
pre-closing bridge loan requested by Interland and the interplay of the loan
provisions with the merger agreement; the composition and structure of the board
of directors of the combined company; and the acceleration of vesting as to some
Interland options.

     Management of Interland and its financial advisors met with representatives
of the other company on March 16, 2001, to discuss the financial condition of
Interland and a potential combination of the two companies. On March 20, 2001,
the other company delivered to Interland a written indication of interest to
engage in a merger pursuant to which each Interland share of common stock would
be exchanged for common stock of the other company valued based on a trailing
30-day market average, which was equal to approximately $2.20 per Interland
share as of March 21, 2001. The offer was expressly conditioned upon completion
of business, legal, and accounting due diligence by the other company, which its
chief executive officer had orally indicated would take at least 10 days. The
indication of interest was expressly nonbinding. Interland, in consultation with
its legal counsel and financial advisors, communicated on the day of receipt of
this letter with the chief executive officer of the other company to inquire as
to whether the due diligence investigation period could be shortened and as to
whether the price that was discussed in the letter could be increased. The
response was that the price mentioned in the letter not only would not be
increased but was subject to downward revision if the stock price of the other
company eroded between that time and the time of the signing of a definitive
agreement and that the due diligence period would more likely significantly
exceed the estimate of 10 days that had been previously communicated.

     At the same time, Interland confirmed with the chief executive officer of
Micron Electronics its understanding that Micron Electronics' position was that
a delay in reaching agreement about a proposed business combination beyond March
23, 2001 would result in Micron Electronics terminating all discussions.
Interland considered this comment in the context of the overall negotiations and
concluded

that to give the other company the time needed for a full due diligence
investigation would raise a substantial possibility that Micron Electronics
would terminate discussions with Interland. Even more importantly, Interland
believed that it was very uncertain that a binding agreement with the other
company would ever be entered into. This belief was based in part on Interland's
prior dealings with the other company. These factors caused management of
Interland to tentatively conclude, subject to confirmation by its board of
directors, that it would not be in its shareholders' best interests to risk
losing the Micron Electronics transaction, which had been more fully
investigated by both sides and was on the verge of being signed, in order to
give the other company more time to perform its due diligence investigation and
possibly negotiate a potential merger.

     The Micron Electronics board of directors met on March 22, 2001, to discuss
various aspects of the proposed transaction with Interland, including the
principal transaction terms and other issues that had not yet been resolved
during the course of the negotiations. During the meeting, the Micron
Electronics board of directors also reviewed management's and counsel's due
diligence reports on Interland, received a presentation from CIBC World Markets
on the financial aspects of the proposed transaction. Following this
presentation, CIBC World Markets delivered its oral opinion to the Micron
Electronics board of directors, which was subsequently confirmed in writing, to
the effect that, as of that date and based upon qualifications, assumptions and
other matters set forth in the written opinion, the proposed exchange ratio of
0.8610 provided for in the merger agreement was fair, from a financial point of
view, to the holders of Micron Electronics common stock. Based upon these
discussions, the board of directors authorized Micron Electronics' management to
proceed with the proposed transaction, specifying an exchange ratio of 0.8610
shares of Micron Electronics common stock for each share of Interland common
stock, subject to adjustment under specified circumstances. The parties and
their respective legal representatives continued to negotiate over the next
several hours to resolve open issues, including details regarding the potential
cash payment to the Micron Electronics shareholders, the adjustment of the
exchange ratio if Micron Electronics were to be unable to maintain cash at
designated levels at the time of the anticipated closing of any merger with
Interland, closing conditions, and some of the specific terms of the transaction
documents. Micron Electronics' board of directors then reconvened and approved
the final terms of the merger agreement and the related transaction agreements.
Also during this period, Micron Electronics and Ken Gavranovic negotiated the
terms of an employment agreement to become effective if the merger closes.

     On March 22, 2001, the Interland board of directors also met to consider
the proposed transaction with Micron Electronics. This meeting reconvened in the
early morning hours of Friday, March 23, 2001. At the meeting, the Interland
board was given an update on negotiations with Micron Electronics regarding the
merger agreement and related agreements and the material terms of these
documents were reviewed. In addition, the Interland board reviewed management's
and counsel's due diligence reports on Micron Electronics.

     At the same meeting, Bear Stearns representatives gave updates to the
Interland board of directors regarding the efforts undertaken to contact
potentially interested parties and how these communications had not resulted in
any real possibility of an alternative transaction. The discussions with the
other company and its written indication of interest were reported to and
discussed by Interland's board of directors. Bear Stearns then made a
presentation to the Interland board of directors regarding the proposed
transaction and addressed issues associated with potential alternative
strategies for Interland. Following this presentation, Bear Stearns delivered
its oral opinion to the Interland board of directors, which was subsequently
confirmed in writing, to the effect that, as of that date and based upon certain
other qualifications, assumptions, limitations and other matters which would be
set forth in the written opinion, the exchange ratio provided for in the merger
agreement was fair, from a financial point of view, to Interland's common
shareholders.

     Micron Electronics and Interland then executed the merger agreement and the
related agreements at approximately 6:30 a.m., Eastern time, and shortly
thereafter publicly announced the proposed merger.

MICRON ELECTRONICS' REASONS FOR THE MERGER

     The board of directors of Micron Electronics has determined that the
issuance of shares of Micron Electronics provided for in the merger is fair to,
and in the best interests of, Micron Electronics and its shareholders.
Accordingly, the Micron Electronics board recommends that its shareholders vote
for the issuance of the Micron Electronics common stock in the merger, for the
amendment to its articles of incorporation to increase the number of authorized
shares of common stock and change the name of Micron Electronics to Interland,
Inc., and for the amendment of its bylaws, to increase the size of the Micron
Electronics' board of directors to eight members and to elect three new
directors.

     Micron Electronics' board consulted with Micron Electronics' senior
management as well as its legal counsel and financial advisors in reaching its
decision. The following are among the reasons why the Micron Electronics' board
believes that the merger will benefit Micron Electronics:

     - the acquisition of Interland will provide the opportunity to strengthen
       HostPro's position within the small and medium enterprise market. The
       combination of the two companies will enable the combined company to
       become a leading provider of business-class hosting to this market, with
       one of the broadest portfolios of managed hosting and value-added
       services;

     - Micron Electronics had begun the process of transforming itself from a
       traditional PC manufacturer to an Internet-focused company over two years
       ago. The merger will enable Micron Electronics to focus its resources on
       the growth opportunities of the Web hosting business rather than the
       mature PC Systems business.

     - the addition of Interland's Atlanta data center will provide the combined
       company with a nationwide infrastructure. A data center presence on both
       the east and west coasts, along with nationwide technical support
       capabilities, will enable the combined company to provide more services
       to customers, such as content mirroring, facilities disaster recovery,
       and the ability to expand hours of customer service operations;

     - Interland has developed strategic distribution channel relationships with
       companies such as Verizon, International Profit Associates and Road
       Runner. These channel partners, along with broader product offerings,
       will provide the combined company an opportunity to accelerate sales
       growth;

     - the belief that the combined company can take advantage of the benefits
       of an integrated management team, streamlined operations and strengthened
       infrastructure; and

     - management's belief that the consolidation of the hosting industry will
       enable businesses with substantial resources and scale to effectively
       compete in the future in cost structure and service offerings.

     In the course of its deliberations, the Micron Electronics board, with
Micron Electronics senior management, reviewed and considered a number of other
factors relevant to the merger. In particular, the Micron Electronics board
considered, among other things:

     - information concerning the parties' respective businesses, prospects,
       financial performance and condition, operations and present and planned
       service offerings;

     - prospects of increasing revenues after the merger;

     - the costs expected to be incurred in connection with the merger, in
       future quarters, including merger-related costs and potential costs or
       charges to combine operations;

     - reports from senior management as to the results of the due diligence
       investigation of Interland and as to the merits, risks and strategic
       importance of the merger;

     - current market conditions and historical trading information with respect
       to both companies' common stock;

     - the opinion of CIBC World Markets delivered March 22, 2001, that, as of
       such date, the exchange ratio is fair, from a financial point of view, to
       the holders of Micron Electronics common stock;

     - comparable merger transactions; and

     - the terms and conditions of the merger agreement taken as a whole.

     The Micron Electronics board also considered a variety of potentially
negative factors in deliberating the merits of the proposed merger, including
but not limited to:

     - the uncertainty of Interland's future revenues;

     - the potential dilutive effect of the issuance of Micron Electronics stock
       in the merger;

     - the risk that relationships with customers would be disrupted in
       implementing the merger and the potential detrimental impact on revenues;

     - risks associated with the closing condition that Micron Electronics enter
       an agreement to sell or begin to exit its PC Systems business prior to
       the merger closing, particularly in light of the amount of historic
       revenues contributed by the PC Systems business to Micron Electronics;

     - risks of making the pre-closing bridge loan to Interland, especially if
       the merger fails to close;

     - the risk of an upward adjustment to the exchange ratio in favor of
       Interland if there is a shortfall in Micron Electronics' projected cash
       at the merger closing;

     - the risk that the contemplated cash distribution to Micron Electronics'
       shareholders resulting from net Excess Cash at the merger closing or
       receipt of Net Proceeds from a sale of the PC Systems business would be
       zero;

     - the difficulty of managing separate operations at different geographic
       locations;

     - the risk that key technical and management personnel of Interland might
       not be retained after the merger;

     - the possibility that some of the benefits sought to be obtained through
       the merger may not be realized; and

     - the other risks described under "Risk Factors" above.

     The Micron Electronics board of directors concluded that, on balance, the
potential benefits to Micron Electronics and its shareholders of the merger
outweighed the risks associated with the merger.

     The Micron Electronics board of directors does not intend the discussion of
information and factors that it considered to be exhaustive, but believes the
discussion includes the material factors that it considered. In view of the
complexity and wide variety of information and factors, both positive and
negative, that it considered in connection with its evaluation of the merger,
the Micron Electronics board of directors did not find it practicable to, and
did not quantify or otherwise assign relative weight to, the specific factors
considered in reaching its determination. In addition, individual members of the
Micron Electronics board of directors may have given different weight to
different factors.

RECOMMENDATION OF THE MICRON ELECTRONICS BOARD OF DIRECTORS

     THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF MICRON ELECTRONICS BELIEVES THAT THE MERGER AND
THE MERGER AGREEMENT, THE ISSUANCE OF THE SHARES OF MICRON ELECTRONICS COMMON
STOCK IN THE MERGER, THE AMENDMENT OF THE ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION AND BYLAWS,
THE INCREASE IN THE SIZE OF THE MICRON ELECTRONICS BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND THE
ELECTION OF THE NOMINEES FOR DIRECTOR ARE ADVISABLE AND FAIR TO, AND IN THE BEST
INTERESTS OF, MICRON ELECTRONICS AND ITS SHAREHOLDERS. IN CONNECTION WITH THE
MERGER, THE MICRON ELECTRONICS' BOARD UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS TO ITS SHAREHOLDERS
THAT THEY VOTE "FOR" THE PROPOSALS DESCRIBED IN THIS JOINT PROXY
STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS.

     In considering the recommendation of the Micron Electronics board of
directors with respect to the proposals, you should be aware that some directors
and officers of Micron Electronics have interests in the merger that are
different from, or are in addition to, the interests of Micron Electronics
shareholders generally. Please see the section entitled "The Merger and Related
Transactions -- Interests of certain persons in the merger" on page 68.

INTERLAND'S REASONS FOR THE MERGER

     In the latter half of 2000, dramatic changes in the capital markets made
debt and equity financing more difficult to obtain, particularly for Internet
and technology-based companies such as Interland. Interland's growth strategy
from its founding had been to build market share as quickly as possible, which
entailed incurring significant operating losses. The impact of operating losses
on Interland's cash position is demonstrated by its cash position of $96.4
million on July 31, 2000 after its July 2000 initial public offering, as
compared to $78.6 million at September 30, 2000 and $56.3 million at December
31, 2000.

     Given the sensitivity of Interland's growth strategy to the continued
availability of additional capital, Interland's management determined in the
fall of 2000 that, in conjunction with its efforts to accelerate the company's
pathway to profitability, it would be prudent to proceed to fully consider and
pursue any financing or other strategic alternatives that might be available to
enhance shareholder value. At a meeting of Interland's board of directors on
March 22 - 23, 2001, the directors present at the meeting voted to enter into
the merger agreement and to recommend that Interland's shareholders vote to
approve the merger and approve and adopt the merger agreement.

     The decision of the Interland directors to enter into the merger agreement,
and to recommend that Interland shareholders approve the merger and approve and
adopt the merger agreement, was the result of their careful consideration of a
range of strategic alternatives, including the pursuit of a long-term
independent business strategy for Interland.

     In the course of reaching its decision to adopt the merger agreement, the
Interland board of directors consulted with:

     - Interland's management, regarding the business and financial condition of
       Interland, trends and competitors in the Web and applications hosting
       industry, Interland management's due diligence investigation of Micron
       Electronics' business and the terms and other conditions of the proposed
       merger;

     - Bear Stearns, Interland's financial advisor, regarding the financial
       aspects of the proposed transaction and the fairness, from a financial
       point of view, to holders of Interland common stock of the exchange ratio
       in the merger; and

     - Interland's legal counsel regarding the proposed terms of the transaction
       and the obligations of the members of the Interland board in its
       consideration of the proposed transaction.

     In reaching its decision, the Interland board considered the following
information and positive factors:

     - the risks associated with continuing to execute Interland's strategic
       growth plan as an independent entity as an alternative to the merger,
       including, among others, risks associated with remaining independent
       amidst industry-wide slowdown, consolidation and competition;

     - the difficulties in pursuing additional debt or equity financing and the
       potential for substantial dilution in light of recent disruptions in the
       capital markets, particularly at a time when additional financing is
       increasingly necessary for Interland to pursue its growth strategy and
       business plan, in conjunction with Micron Electronics' strong liquidity
       position and ability to provide a $10.0 - 20.0 million loan prior to the
       closing of the merger, which would be particularly important if volatile
       capital market conditions continue;

     - the combination of the similar operations and strategy of the HostPro
       business with Interland's operations to create a broader company with
       extended reach, greater financial, human and

       technological resources, and because of the depth of its resources,
       enhanced future operating flexibility and increased opportunity for
       growth;

     - the possibility of achieving substantial operational synergies and
       economies of scale through the combination of Interland's sales force
       with Micron Electronics' national data center network, the opportunity to
       eliminate operational and administrative redundancies, and increased
       purchasing power with equipment and internet connectivity providers;

     - the ability of the combined companies to withstand operating losses
       pending execution of their business strategies following the merger,
       given their combined financial condition including the low debt levels;

     - the financial and other terms and conditions of the merger agreement and
       the merger, including the contractual grant of proportionate
       representation of Interland shareholders on the board of directors of
       Micron Electronics following the closing and the provision for an interim
       loan to Interland by Micron Electronics after June 30, 2001 if the merger
       has not closed by that time;

     - the opportunity for the holders of Interland common stock to receive a
       premium over the trading value of Interland common stock on March 22,
       2001, the last day of trading before the announcement of the merger,
       while at the same time allowing these shareholders to participate in a
       larger and more diversified company and, as shareholders of the combined
       company, to benefit from any future growth of the combined company;

     - the exchange ratio, which will enable the Interland shareholders to own
       at least approximately 30% of the outstanding stock of the combined
       company following the merger;

     - the oral opinion, subsequently confirmed in writing, of Bear Stearns
       delivered March 23, 2001, that, as of such date, the exchange ratio is
       fair, from a financial point of view, to holders of Interland common
       stock (see the section entitled "Opinion of Interland's financial
       advisor");

     - the ability of the board of directors to continue to receive unsolicited
       inquiries and proposals regarding other potential business combinations,
       negotiate and give information to third parties making such unsolicited
       proposals, and subject to the satisfaction of specified conditions, in
       the exercise of its fiduciary duties, withdraw or modify its
       recommendation to the Interland shareholders regarding the merger and, if
       Interland shareholders were then to reject the merger, enter into an
       agreement with respect to a more favorable transaction with a third
       party, subject to the payment of a termination fee to Micron Electronics;

     - the ability to complete the merger as a reorganization for United States
       federal income tax purposes in which Interland shareholders generally
       will not recognize any gain or loss, except for any gain or loss
       recognized in connection with cash received for a fractional share of
       Micron Electronics' common stock;

     - the headquarters of the combined company will be in Atlanta, Georgia, for
       a period of at least 18 months after the closing of the merger; and

     - the adoption of the Interland name by Micron Electronics following the
       merger and the survival and possible growth of the Interland brand.

     The Interland directors also considered potentially negative factors
relating to the merger, including:

     - the possibility that other transactions by Micron Electronics could delay
       or inhibit the completion of the merger, including Micron Electronics'
       possible sale of the PC Systems business prior to the closing, or
       commencement of the wind down of the PC Systems business by that date to
       satisfy Interland's closing condition, and the sale of SpecTek;

     - the possibility that costs associated with the Micron Electronics'
       operation or sale of or exit from the PC Systems business could result in
       Micron Electronics having substantially less cash available

       than anticipated upon the closing of the merger, which could jeopardize
       the combined company's ability to adequately fund its operations;

     - the possibility that the settlement of existing litigation, claims or
       assessments against Micron Electronics could result in a material use of
       existing cash, which could inhibit the combined company's ability to
       adequately fund its operations;

     - the difficulties and risks in integrating the two geographically and
       operationally diverse companies from technological, operational,
       marketing, and administrative perspectives; and

     - the interests of some executive officers and directors, including Ken
       Gavranovic becoming the vice chairman and chief technical officer of the
       combined company upon the closing of the merger and the acceleration of
       vesting of stock options of some of the officers and directors of
       Interland.

     Based in part on (1) the oral opinion presented by Bear Stearns to the
Interland board of directors during its meeting, indicating that subject to the
conditions, assumptions and limitations contained in their opinion, the proposed
exchange ratio was fair, from a financial point of view, to the Interland
shareholders and (2) the Interland board of directors' belief that the
transaction with Micron Electronics was an attractive offer that would in all
likelihood be lost if Interland pursued the possibility of an offer by the other
company, the Interland board of directors determined that in its view the merger
with Micron Electronics offered the best value reasonably available for
Interland's shareholders at that time, and then approved the merger agreement
and the ancillary agreements and recommended that it be approved and adopted by
the shareholders of Interland.

     Interland's board of directors concluded that the potential benefits of the
merger to Interland and its shareholders outweighed the risks associated with
the merger. Interland's board of directors does not intend the foregoing
discussion of information and factors that it considered to be exhaustive, but
believes the discussion includes the material factors that it considered. In
view of the complexity and wide variety of information and factors, both
positive and negative, that it considered in connection with its evaluation of
the merger, Interland's board of directors did not find it practicable to
quantify or otherwise assign relative or specific weights to the specific
factors that it considered in reaching its determination. In addition,
individual members of the Interland board of directors may have given different
weight to different factors.

RECOMMENDATION OF THE INTERLAND BOARD OF DIRECTORS

     THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF INTERLAND BELIEVES THAT THE TERMS OF THE MERGER
ARE FAIR TO AND IN THE BEST INTERESTS OF INTERLAND AND ITS SHAREHOLDERS AND
UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS TO ITS SHAREHOLDERS THAT THEY VOTE "FOR" THE PROPOSAL TO
APPROVE THE MERGER AND APPROVE AND ADOPT THE MERGER AGREEMENT.

     In considering the recommendation of the board of directors of Interland
with respect to the merger agreement and merger, you should be aware that some
directors and officers of Interland have interests in the merger that are
different from, or are in addition to, the interests of the shareholders of
their company generally. Please see the section titled "The Merger and Related
Transactions -- Interests of certain persons in the merger" on page 68.

OPINION OF MICRON ELECTRONICS' FINANCIAL ADVISOR

     Micron Electronics engaged CIBC World Markets to act as its exclusive
financial advisor in connection with the merger. In connection with this
engagement, Micron Electronics requested that CIBC World Markets evaluate the
fairness, from a financial point of view, to the holders of Micron Electronics
common stock of the exchange ratio provided for in the merger. On March 22,
2001, at a meeting of the board of directors of Micron Electronics held to
evaluate the merger, CIBC World Markets rendered an oral opinion, which opinion
was confirmed by delivery of a written opinion dated March 22, 2001, to the
effect that, as of the date of the opinion and based on and subject to the
matters described in the opinion, the exchange ratio was fair, from a financial
point of view, to the holders of Micron Electronics common stock.

     The full text of CIBC World Markets' written opinion dated March 22, 2001,
which describes the assumptions made, matters considered and limitations on the
review undertaken, is attached to this joint proxy statement/prospectus as Annex
B. CIBC World Markets' opinion is addressed to the board of directors of Micron
Electronics and relates only to the fairness of the exchange ratio from a
financial point of view. The opinion does not address any other aspect of the
merger and does not constitute a recommendation to any shareholder as to any
matters relating to the merger. The summary of CIBC World Markets' opinion
described below is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of
its opinion. Holders of Micron Electronics common stock are urged to read the
opinion carefully in its entirety.

     In arriving at its opinion, CIBC World Markets:

     - reviewed the merger agreement;

     - reviewed audited financial statements of Micron Electronics for the
       fiscal years ended August 31, 1999 and August 31, 2000 and unaudited
       financial statements for the three-month period ended November 30, 2000
       and audited financial statements of Interland for fiscal years ended
       December 31, 1998 and December 31, 1999 and unaudited financial
       statements for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2000;

     - reviewed unaudited financial statements of Interland for the three-month
       period ended December 31, 2000;

     - reviewed and discussed with the managements of Micron Electronics and
       Interland internal financial forecasts prepared by Micron Electronics and
       Interland management relating to Micron Electronics and Interland and
       certain other financial and business information relating to Micron
       Electronics and Interland;

     - reviewed historical market prices and trading volume for Micron
       Electronics common stock and Interland common stock;

     - held discussions with the senior managements of Micron Electronics and
       Interland with respect to the businesses and prospects for future growth
       of Micron Electronics and Interland;

     - reviewed and analyzed certain publicly available financial data for
       certain companies CIBC World Markets deemed comparable to Micron
       Electronics and Interland;

     - reviewed and analyzed certain publicly available information for
       transactions that CIBC World Markets deemed comparable to the merger;

     - performed discounted cash flow analyses of Micron Electronics and
       Interland using certain assumptions of future performance provided to or
       discussed with CIBC World Markets by the managements of Micron
       Electronics and Interland;

     - reviewed public information concerning Micron Electronics and Interland;
       and

     - performed such other analyses and reviewed such other information as CIBC
       World Markets deemed appropriate.

     In rendering its opinion, CIBC World Markets relied on and assumed, without
independent verification or investigation, the accuracy and completeness of all
of the financial and other information that Micron Electronics, Interland and
their respective employees, representatives and affiliates provided to CIBC
World Markets. With respect to internal forecasts relating to Micron Electronics
and Interland, all of which were prepared by and reviewed and discussed with the
managements of Micron Electronics and Interland, respectively, CIBC World
Markets assumed, at the discretion of the managements of Micron Electronics and
Interland, without independent verification or investigation, that the forecasts
were prepared on bases reflecting the best available estimates and judgments as
to the future financial condition and operating results of Micron Electronics
and Interland. With respect to estimated costs related to sales or dispositions
of assets of Micron Electronics, CIBC World Markets relied solely upon estimates
of

Micron Electronics management. In rendering its opinion, CIBC World Markets
assumed that the exchange ratio at the time of the closing will be 0.8610,
without any adjustments whether because of cash shortfalls, high reserves
related to the PC Systems or SpecTek businesses or any other reason. CIBC World
Markets assumed with Micron Electronics' consent that, in the course of
obtaining the necessary regulatory or third party approvals for the merger, no
limitations, restrictions or conditions will be imposed that would have a
material adverse effect on Micron Electronics, Interland or the contemplated
benefits to Micron Electronics of the merger.

     In light of the anticipated dispositions of the SpecTek and PC Systems
businesses, CIBC World Markets based its analysis of the value of Micron
Electronics solely on the value of the HostPro business, plus an assumed $200
million in cash at closing, without adding or deducting any additional amounts
for the value or potential liabilities of the SpecTek or PC Systems businesses.
CIBC World Markets did not make or obtain any independent evaluations or
appraisals of the assets or liabilities of Micron Electronics, Interland or
affiliated entities. CIBC World Markets expressed no opinion as to Micron
Electronics' or Interland's underlying valuation, future performance or
long-term viability, or the price at which Micron Electronics common stock would
trade at the time of or after announcement or consummation of the merger. CIBC
World Markets' opinion was necessarily based on the information available to
CIBC World Markets and general economic, financial and stock market conditions
and circumstances as they existed and could be evaluated by CIBC World Markets
as of the date of its opinion. Although subsequent developments may affect its
opinion, CIBC World Markets does not have any obligation to update, revise or
reaffirm its opinion. Micron Electronics imposed no other instructions or
limitations on CIBC World Markets with respect to the investigations made or the
procedures followed by it in rendering its opinion.

     This summary is not a complete description of CIBC World Markets' opinion
to the board of directors of Micron Electronics or the financial analyses
performed and factors considered by CIBC World Markets in connection with its
opinion. The preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex analytical process
involving various determinations as to the most appropriate and relevant methods
of financial analysis and the application of those methods to the particular
circumstances and, therefore, a fairness opinion is not readily susceptible to
summary description. CIBC World Markets believes that its analyses and this
summary must be considered as a whole and that selecting portions of its
analyses and factors or focusing on information presented in tabular format,
without considering all analyses and factors or the narrative description of the
analyses, could create a misleading or incomplete view of the processes
underlying CIBC World Markets' analyses and opinion.

     In performing its analyses, CIBC World Markets considered industry
performance, general business, economic, market and financial conditions and
other matters existing as of the date of its opinion, many of which are beyond
Micron Electronics' and Interland's control. No company, transaction or business
used in the analyses as a comparison is identical to Micron Electronics,
Interland or the merger, and an evaluation of the results of those analyses is
not entirely mathematical. Rather, the analyses involve complex considerations
and judgments concerning financial and operating characteristics and other
factors that could affect the acquisition, public trading or other values of the
companies, business segments or transactions analyzed.

     The estimates contained in CIBC World Markets' analysis and the ranges of
valuations resulting from any particular analysis are not necessarily indicative
of actual values or future results, which may be significantly more or less
favorable than those suggested by its analyses. In addition, analyses relating
to the value of businesses or securities do not necessarily purport to be
appraisals or to reflect the prices at which businesses or securities actually
may be sold. Accordingly, CIBC World Markets' analyses and estimates are
inherently subject to substantial uncertainty.

     The type and amount of consideration payable in the merger was determined
through negotiation between Micron Electronics and Interland and the decision to
enter into the merger was solely that of the board of directors of Micron
Electronics. CIBC World Markets' opinion and financial analyses were only one of
many factors considered by the board of directors of Micron Electronics in its
evaluation of the

merger and should not be viewed as determinative of the views of the Micron
Electronics board of directors or management with respect to the merger or the
exchange ratio provided for in the merger.

     The following is a summary of the material financial analyses underlying
CIBC World Markets' opinion to the board of directors of Micron Electronics in
connection with the merger. The financial analyses summarized below include
information presented in tabular format. In order to fully understand CIBC World
Markets' financial analyses, the tables must be read together with the text of
each summary. The tables alone do not constitute a complete description of the
financial analyses. Considering the data in the tables below without considering
the full narrative description of the financial analyses, including the
methodologies and assumptions underlying the analyses, could create a misleading
or incomplete view of CIBC World Markets' financial analyses.

Implied exchange ratio analysis

     Using the results derived for Micron Electronics and Interland from the
"Selected companies analysis," "Selected precedent transactions analysis,"
"Discounted cash flow analysis" and "Contribution analysis" described below,
CIBC World Markets calculated an implied exchange ratio reference range for each
analysis. CIBC World Markets then compared the implied exchange ratio reference
range derived from each analysis to the exchange ratio provided for in the
merger. This analysis indicated the following approximate implied exchange ratio
reference ranges, as compared to the exchange ratio in the merger of 0.861x:

                                                              IMPLIED EXCHANGE RATIO RANGE
                                                              ----------------------------

Interland selected companies analysis with control
  premium/Micron Electronics selected companies analysis....       0.8508x - 1.2986x
Interland selected precedent transactions analysis /Micron
  Electronics selected companies analysis...................       0.6082x - 0.9284x
Interland discounted cash flow analysis/Micron Electronics
  discounted cash flow analysis.............................       0.5533x - 1.0904x
Contribution analysis.......................................       0.5682x - 0.8604x

     The "Selected companies analysis," "Selected precedent transactions
analysis," "Discounted cash flow analysis" and "Contribution analysis" performed
by CIBC World Markets for purposes of its "Implied exchange ratio analysis" are
described below:

Selected companies analysis

     CIBC World Markets compared financial and stock market information for
Interland and the following five selected publicly held companies in the Web
hosting industry:

         WEB HOSTING
         - Data Return Corporation
         - Digex Inc.
         - Globix Corp.
         - Interliant, Inc.
         - NaviSite, Inc.

     CIBC World Markets compared financial and stock market information for
Micron Electronics and the following nineteen publicly held companies in the Web
hosting industry, connectivity industry or PC hardware industry:

          WEB HOSTING
          - Data Return Corporation
          - Digex, Incorporated
          - Globix Corporation
          - Interland, Inc.
          - Interliant, Inc.
          - NaviSite, Inc.

          - Applied Theory Corporation
          - CAIS Internet, Inc.
          - Genuity Inc.
          - Pilot Network Services, Inc.
          - PSINet Inc.
          - Savvis Communications Corporation
          - VIA NET.WORKS, Inc.

          PC HARDWARE
          - Apple Computer, Inc.
          - Compaq Computer Corporation
          - Dell Computer Corporation
          - Gateway, Inc.
          - Hewlett-Packard Company
          - International Business Machines Corporation

     CIBC World Markets reviewed enterprise values as multiples of estimated
calendar years 2001 and 2002 revenues. All multiples were based on closing stock
prices as of March 21, 2001. Estimated financial data for the selected companies
were based on publicly available research analysts' estimates as of that date.
Estimated financial data for Micron Electronics and Interland were based on
internal forecasts prepared by Micron Electronics and Interland management,
respectively.

     For Interland, CIBC World Markets applied a range of selected multiples
derived from the selected companies of estimated calendar years 2001 and 2002
revenue to corresponding financial data of Interland in order to derive implied
equity reference ranges for Interland. This analysis indicated an implied equity
reference range for Interland of approximately $2.08 to $2.84 per share. CIBC
World Markets also applied a control premium of 40% to this reference range to
approximate a takeover valuation. The control premium used was on the low end of
the range of takeover premiums in the selected precedent transactions analysis.
Applying a control premium indicated an implied equity reference range for
Interland of approximately $2.91 to $3.98 per share.

     For Micron Electronics, CIBC World Markets valued each constituent business
of Micron Electronics separately: Web hosting, connectivity and hardware resale,
to account for the fact that each business was being valued at substantially
different multiples of revenue in the market. CIBC World Markets applied a range
of selected multiples derived from the Web hosting, connectivity and PC hardware
groups of selected companies of estimated calendar years 2001 and 2002 revenue
to corresponding financial data of the Web hosting component of Micron
Electronics' business, the connectivity component and the PC hardware resale
component. CIBC World Markets multiplied the PC hardware multiples by 10% to
account for the lower margin realized by hardware resellers as compared to
hardware manufacturers. The resulting enterprise values of the three constituent
businesses were then added together, which indicated an implied equity reference
range for Micron Electronics of $3.06 to $3.42 per share.

     Selected precedent transactions analysis. CIBC World Markets reviewed the
purchase prices and implied transaction multiples in the following 13 selected
transactions in the Web hosting industry:

                       ACQUIROR                                     TARGET
                       --------                                     ------

- - Metromedia Fiber Network, Inc.                        SiteSmith, Inc.
- - Allegiance Telecom, Inc.                              Virtualis Systems, Inc.
- - Exodus Communications, Inc.                           GlobalCenter Inc.
- - WorldCom, Inc.                                        Intermedia Communications Inc.
- - SBC Communications Inc.                               InQuent Inc.
- - InterNAP Network Services Corporation                 CO Space, Inc.
- - NTT Communications Corporation                        Verio, Inc.
- - Nextlink Communications Inc.                          Concentric Network Corporation
- - McLeodUSA Incorporated                                Splitrock Services Inc.
- - Concentric Network Corporation                        9 Net Avenue, Inc.
- - Firstworld Communications Inc.                        Slip.net, Inc.
- - Qwest Communications International Inc.               Icon CMT Corp.
- - Verio, Inc.                                           Hiway Technologies Inc.

     CIBC World Markets reviewed transaction values in the selected transactions
as a multiple of one-year forward and two-year forward revenue. All multiples
for the selected transactions were based on publicly available information at
the time of announcement of the particular transaction. These multiples were
then discounted by 90% to account for currently depressed market conditions in
the Web hosting industry, where many companies from the selected companies
analysis were trading at over a 90% discount to the 52-week high of their
respective trading ranges. Estimated financial data for Interland was based on
internal forecasts prepared by Interland management. CIBC World Markets then
applied a range of selected multiples derived from the selected transactions of
one-year forward and two-year forward revenue to corresponding financial data of
Interland in order to derive implied equity reference ranges for Interland. This
analysis indicated an implied equity reference range for Interland of
approximately $2.08 to $2.84 per share.

Discounted cash flow analysis

     CIBC World Markets performed separate discounted cash flow analyses for
each of Micron Electronics and Interland to estimate the present value of the
unlevered, after-tax free cash flows that Micron Electronics and Interland each
could generate over fiscal years 2001 through 2005. Estimated financial data for
Micron Electronics and Interland were based on internal forecasts prepared by
Micron Electronics and Interland management, respectively, which CIBC World
Markets reviewed and discussed with the managements of Micron Electronics and
Interland. CIBC World Markets calculated a range of estimated EBITDA terminal
values by applying terminal value multiples ranging from 10.0x to 12.0x to
Micron Electronics' and Interland's projected fiscal year 2005 EBITDA. The
present value of the cash flows and terminal values were calculated using a
discount rate of 25% to 30%. This analysis indicated an implied equity reference
range for Micron Electronics of approximately $8.69 to $11.53 per share and an
implied equity reference range for Interland of approximately $6.38 to $9.47 per
share.

Contribution analysis

     CIBC World Markets analyzed the relative contributions of Micron
Electronics and Interland to the combined company's fiscal 2000 and estimated
fiscal years 2001 and 2002 Web hosting revenue. Estimated financial data for
Micron Electronics and Interland were based on internal forecasts prepared by
Micron Electronics and Interland management, respectively, which CIBC World
Markets reviewed and discussed with the managements of Micron Electronics and
Interland. This analysis indicated implied contribution reference ranges of
approximately 77.9% to 70.0% pro forma equity ownership for Micron Electronics
and approximately 22.1% to 30.0% pro forma equity ownership for Interland, as
compared to the pro forma equity ownership in the combined company immediately
upon consummation of the merger for the holders

of Micron Electronics common stock of approximately 70% and for the holders of
Interland common stock of approximately 30%.

Other factors

     In rendering its opinion, CIBC World Markets also reviewed and considered
other factors, including:

     - selected research analysts' reports for Micron Electronics and Interland,
       including stock price estimates of those analysts;

     - the 52-week historical trading ranges for Micron Electronics common stock
       and Interland common stock;

     - the relationship between movements in Micron Electronics common stock and
       Interland common stock, movements in the common stock of selected
       companies in the Web hosting industry and movements in the Nasdaq
       National Market Index; and

     - the potential pro forma financial impact of the merger on Micron
       Electronics and Interland based on internal forecasts prepared by Micron
       Electronics and Interland management, respectively, which CIBC World
       Markets reviewed and discussed with the managements of Micron Electronics
       and Interland.

Miscellaneous

     Micron Electronics selected CIBC World Markets based on CIBC World Markets'
reputation, expertise and familiarity with Micron Electronics and its business.
CIBC World Markets is an internationally recognized investment banking firm and,
as a customary part of its investment banking business, is regularly engaged in
valuations of businesses and securities in connection with acquisitions and
mergers, underwritings, secondary distributions of securities, private
placements and valuations for other purposes. CIBC World Markets has in the past
provided services to Micron Technology unrelated to the merger, for which
services CIBC World Markets has received compensation. In the ordinary course of
business, CIBC World Markets and its affiliates may actively trade the
securities of Micron Electronics and Interland for their own account and for the
accounts of customers and, accordingly, may at any time hold a long or short
position in those securities.

     Micron Electronics has agreed to pay CIBC World Markets for its financial
advisory services upon consummation of the merger an aggregate fee equal to a
percentage of the total consideration, including liabilities assumed, payable in
the merger. It is currently estimated that the aggregate fee payable to CIBC
World Markets will be approximately $2.6 million. In addition, Micron
Electronics has agreed to reimburse CIBC World Markets for its reasonable
out-of-pocket expenses, including reasonable fees and expenses of its legal
counsel, and to indemnify CIBC World Markets and related parties against
liabilities, including liabilities under the federal securities laws, relating
to, or arising out of, its engagement.

OPINION OF INTERLAND'S FINANCIAL ADVISOR

Overview

     Interland engaged Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc. as its financial advisor based
on Bear Stearns' experience and expertise in similar transactions. Bear Stearns
is an internationally recognized investment banking firm. Bear Stearns, as part
of its investment banking business, is continuously engaged in the valuation of
businesses and securities in connection with mergers and acquisitions,
negotiated underwritings, secondary distributions of listed and unlisted
securities, private placements and valuations for corporate and other purposes.

     At the March 23, 2001 meeting of the Interland board of directors, Bear
Stearns rendered its oral opinion, which was subsequently confirmed in writing,
to the effect that, as of that date and based on upon qualifications,
assumptions, limitations and other matters set forth in the written opinion, the
exchange

ratio provided for in the agreement was fair, from a financial point of view, to
holders of Interland common stock.

     The full text of Bear Stearns' written opinion, which sets for the
assumptions made, matters considered and qualifications and limitations on the
review undertaken by Bear Stearns, is attached as Annex C to this joint proxy
statement/prospectus and is incorporated by reference. The summary of the Bear
Stearns opinion set forth below is qualified in its entirety by reference to the
full text of the opinion. INTERLAND SHAREHOLDERS ARE URGED TO READ THE BEAR
STEARNS OPINION IN ITS ENTIRETY. In reading the discussions of the Bear Stearns
opinion set forth below, Interland shareholders should be aware that the
opinion:

     - was provided to the Interland board of directors for its benefit and use
       in connection with its consideration as to whether the exchange ratio was
       fair, from a financial point of view, to the shareholders of Interland;

     - did not constitute a recommendation to the board of directors of
       Interland in connection with the merger;

     - did not constitute a recommendation to any holders of Interland common
       stock as to how to vote in connection with the merger;

     - did not address Interland's underlying business decision to pursue the
       merger, the relative merits of the merger as compared to alternative
       business strategies that might exist for Interland or the effects of any
       other transaction in which Interland might engage; and

     - did not express any opinion as to the price or range of prices at which
       the shares of common stock of Interland and Micron Electronics would
       trade subsequent to the announcement of the restructuring and the merger
       or as to the price or range of prices at which the shares of common stock
       of Micron Electronics may trade subsequent to the consummation of the
       restructuring and the merger.

     Although Bear Stearns evaluated the fairness, from a financial point of
view, of the exchange ratio to the shareholders of Interland, the exchange ratio
itself was determined at arms-length negotiations. Bear Stearns provided advice
to Interland during the course of such negotiations as requested by the Board of
Directors. Interland did not provide specific instructions to, or place any
procedures to be followed or factors to be considered by, Bear Stearns in
performing its analyses or providing its opinion.

     In arriving at its opinion, Bear Stearns, among other things:

     - reviewed the merger agreement between Interland and Micron Electronics;

     - reviewed Interland's (1) Annual Report for the year ended December 31,
       2000, (2) Registration Statement on Form S-1 which became effective on
       July 24, 2000 and the Prospectus contained therein, (3) unaudited
       financial results for the two months ended February, 28, 2001 and (4)
       reports on Form 8-K for the year ended December 31, 2000 and through
       March 23, 2001;

     - reviewed Micron Electronics' (1) Annual Report for the year ended August
       31, 2000, (2) Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended November
       30, 2000, (3) unaudited financial results for the two months ended
       January 31, 2001 and (4) reports on Form 8-K for the three years ended
       December 31, 2000 and through March 23, 2001;

     - reviewed certain operating and financial information, including
       projections for the three years ending December 31, 2003, prepared and
       provided to Bear Stearns by Interland's management relating to
       Interland's business and prospects on a standalone basis;

     - reviewed certain operating and financial information, including
       projections for the three years ending August 31, 2003, prepared and
       provided to Bear Stearns by Micron Electronics' management relating to
       Micron Electronics' business and prospects on a standalone basis giving
       effect to the restructuring;

     - reviewed certain estimates of cost savings and other combination benefits
       expected to result from the merger, prepared and provided to Bear Stearns
       by Interland's management;

     - met with certain members of the senior management of Interland and Micron
       Electronics to discuss each company's respective business, operations,
       historical and projected financial results and future prospects;

     - reviewed the historical prices, trading multiples and trading volumes of
       the common stock of Interland and Micron Electronics;

     - reviewed publicly available financial data, stock market performance data
       and trading multiples of companies which Bear Stearns deemed generally
       comparable to Interland and Micron Electronics;

     - reviewed the terms of recent merger and acquisition transactions of
       companies which Bear Stearns deemed generally comparable to Interland;

     - reviewed the pro forma financial results, financial condition and
       capitalization of Micron Electronics on a pro forma basis giving effect
       to the restructuring and merger; and

     - conducted such other studies, analyses, inquiries and investigations as
       Bear Stearns deemed appropriate.

     In preparing its opinion, Bear Stearns relied upon and assumed, without
independent verification, the accuracy and completeness of the financial and
other information, including without limitation the financial projections and
estimated combination benefits, provided to Bear Stearns by Interland and Micron
Electronics. With respect to the financial projections and estimated combination
benefits, Bear Stearns assumed that they have been reasonably prepared on bases
reflecting the best currently available estimates and judgments of the senior
managements of Interland and Micron Electronics as to the expected future
performance of Interland and Micron Electronics on a standalone basis and of
Micron Electronics on a pro forma basis giving effect to the restructuring and
the merger. Bear Stearns further assumed the accuracy of and relied upon
information provided by Micron Electronics' management relating to (1) cost
estimates relating to effecting the restructuring, (2) the impact of the
restructuring on Micron Electronics' financial statements and projections and
(3) the timing of the restructuring. Bear Stearns did not assume any
responsibility for the independent verification of any such information or of
the financial projections, synergy estimates and information relating to the
restructuring provided to Bear Stearns, and Bear Stearns further relied upon the
assurances of the senior managements of Interland and Micron Electronics that
they are unaware of any facts that would make the information, financial
projections, synergy estimates and information relating to the restructuring
provided to Bear Stearns incomplete or misleading.

     In arriving at its opinion, Bear Stearns did not perform or obtain any
independent appraisal of the assets or liabilities of Interland and Micron
Electronics, nor was Bear Stearns furnished with any such appraisals. Bear
Stearns assumed that the merger will:

     - qualify as a tax-free "reorganization" within the meaning of Section
       368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code; and

     - be consummated without any regulatory limitations, restrictions,
       conditions, amendments or modifications that collectively would have a
       material effect on Interland and Micron Electronics on a standalone basis
       or on Micron Electronics on a pro forma basis giving effect to the
       restructuring and the merger.

     The following is a brief summary of the material valuation, financial and
comparative analyses considered by Bear Stearns in connection with the rendering
of its opinion. This summary does not purport to be a complete description of
the analyses underlying the Bear Stearns opinion.

     Bear Stearns' opinion is necessarily based on economic, market and other
conditions, and the information made available to Bear Stearns, as of the date
of the opinion. In performing its analyses, Bear Stearns made numerous
assumptions with respect to industry performance, general business, economic,
market and financial conditions and other matters, many of which are beyond the
control of Bear Stearns,

Interland and Micron Electronics. Any estimates contained in the analyses
performed by Bear Stearns are not necessarily indicative of actual values or
future results, which may be significantly more or less favorable than suggested
by such analyses. Additionally, estimates of the value of businesses or
securities do not purport to be appraisals or to reflect the prices at which
such businesses or securities might actually be sold. Accordingly, such analyses
and estimates are inherently subject to substantial uncertainty.

Summary of reviews and analyses

     The following is a summary of the material reviews and financial and
valuation analyses presented by Bear Stearns to Interland's board of directors
at its meeting held on March 23, 2001. In order to understand fully the reviews
and financial valuation analyses used by Bear Stearns, any information presented
in tabular format must be read together with the text of each summary. The
tables alone do not represent a complete description of any such reviews or
financial and valuation analyses.

Situation analysis

     Bear Stearns updated the Interland board of directors on various recent
developments in the U.S. capital markets and the telecom sector. Bear Stearns
also reviewed the solicitation efforts it had undertaken relating to a potential
sale of Interland, which efforts culminated in the agreement to merge with
Micron Electronics.

     U.S. capital markets overview. Bear Stearns reviewed the current state of
the U.S. equity and debt capital markets and observed that the U.S. equity
markets have been extremely challenging over the past year and particularly
since September 1, 2000. Bear Stearns noted that U.S. equity markets have
experienced high levels of volatility with rapid and extreme changes in
valuations. Specifically, Bear Stearns observed that the Nasdaq composite index
closed at 4,234.33 on September 1, 2000 and closed at 1,890.91 at March 16,
2001, a decline of 55.3%. In addition, U.S. issuances of equity and
equity-linked securities for the telecom sector declined from $1.7 billion in
March 2000 to virtually none in March 2001. Similarly, the U.S. market
conditions for high yield and investment grade debt were also very difficult in
2000, but have experienced some recovery during the first part of 2001. The
spread over U.S. Treasurys (i.e., the difference between average yields on U.S.
Treasurys and average yield-to-worst levels for high yield bonds) fell from 941
basis points in mid-December 2000 to 791 basis points on March 16, 2001. Bear
Stearns noted, however, that the high yield market continues to remain closed
for smaller, first-time issuers.

     Telecom sector overview. Bear Stearns noted that stock prices across
various sub-sectors of the telecommunications and data services sectors had
declined substantially over the past year, and particularly since September 1,
2000. Since September 1, 2000, indicies of Web hosting companies, integrated
communications providers/competitive local exchange carriers and the
long-distance carriers had declined approximately 85.3%, 52.4% and 38.8%,
respectively. Bear Stearns further noted that many of Interland's competitors,
generally the smaller, more capital-constrained Web hosting companies, had seen
their stock prices trade down to "distressed" levels. Such stock price declines
had been driven by missed earnings targets for the third and fourth quarters of
2000, reduced guidance for 2001 financial targets and by the lack of access to
debt or equity capital markets for all but the highest quality issuers.

     Bear Stearns further noted that GST Telecommunications, Inc., ICG
Communications, Inc. and NorthPoint Communications Group, Inc. each had filed
for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in recent months and that many other new
entrant providers of telecommunications services were on the brink of a severe
liquidity crisis as of mid-March 2001.

     Summary of Interland solicitation efforts. Bear Stearns reviewed the
efforts it had undertaken related to a potential sale of Interland. Bear Stearns
noted that it had contacted 22 public companies about the sale of, or business
combination with, Interland, and the only parties that expressed any interest
were Micron Electronics and one other party (see section entitled "Background of
the Merger" above).

     Business and financial overviews. Bear Stearns conducted a review of the
historical and projected financial results and financial condition of Interland
and Micron Electronics on a stand-alone basis and of Micron Electronics on a pro
forma basis giving effect to the restructuring and the merger.

     Interland. Bear Stearns reviewed Interland's recent historical operating
and financial results and projected operating and financial results through
December 31, 2003. Bear Stearns observed that since July 2000, at the time of
Interland's initial public offering, Interland management had made significant
reductions to its estimates for revenue and earnings before interest, taxes,
depreciation and amortization, referred to as EBITDA, for the 2001-2003 period.
Bear Stearns noted further that Interland's actual revenue and EBITDA
performance for the two-month period ended February 28, 2001 was below such
recently reduced revenue and EBITDA estimates referenced above. Bear Stearns
also observed that Interland was not fully funded based on its most recent
projections, and that, given recent financial and operating performance was
below management estimates, an even greater amount of capital may be needed
sooner than currently anticipated. Bear Stearns reviewed Interland's potential
short-term and long-term funding sources and noted that Interland would likely
be unable to secure adequate financing for its current business plan from
external sources given current U.S. capital markets.

     Micron Electronics. Bear Stearns reviewed Micron Electronics' recent
historical operating and financial results and projected operating and financial
results through August 31, 2003, in each case giving effect to the
restructuring. Bear Stearns noted that Micron Electronics' actual operating and
financial results for the two-month period ended January 31, 2001 were
relatively consistent with Micron Electronics' estimated results for such
period. Bear Stearns also noted that, based on operating projections and on cost
estimates relating to the restructuring provided by Micron Electronics
management, Micron Electronics would have more than adequate cash balances to
fund its current business plan.

     Micron Electronics pro forma for the merger. Bear Stearns reviewed the
projections of Interland and Micron Electronics (giving effect to the
restructuring) and also the combination of cost savings and benefits that were
expected to result from the merger. Bear Stearns noted that such projections
provided by Interland's and Micron Electronics' management had roughly similar
projected revenue growth rates, profit margins and mix of revenue. Bear Stearns
further noted that expected cost savings provided by Interland management
totaled approximately $10.5 million for the third and fourth quarters of 2001
and approximately $33.8 million for 2002, while expected one-time costs to
achieve such synergies were expected to total approximately $14.5 million. Bear
Stearns noted the significant improvement in Micron Electronics' projected
profitability and cash position as a result of such estimated cost savings as
compared to the sum of the two company's projections excluding the estimated
cost savings.

Financial and valuation analyses

     Hypothetical pro forma trading valuation analysis. Bear Stearns calculated
a range of implied trading values per Interland common share on a pro forma
basis giving effect to the merger, the restructuring and the exchange ratio.
Bear Stearns chose a range of enterprise values of $180.0 million to $280.0
million for Interland and Micron Electronics combined on a pro forma basis. Such
enterprise value range implies a range of enterprise value/2001 estimated
revenue multiples for Micron Electronics on a pro forma basis of approximately
1.23x to 1.91x, which compared to 1.47x for Interland on a standalone basis,
1.94x for Data Return Corp., 2.49x for Globix Corp. and a mean of 1.47x for the
smaller Web hosting companies based on closing stock prices as of March 20, 2000
(see "Analysis of comparable publicly traded Web hosting companies" below).

     After subtracting total debt and adding excess cash balances relating to
both Interland and Micron Electronics, as well as certain other adjustments,
Bear Stearns derived an aggregate net equity value for Micron Electronics on a
pro forma basis giving effect to the merger and the restructuring. Bear Stearns
then calculated a range of Micron Electronics pro forma per share equity values
by dividing such aggregate net equity value by the number of Micron Electronics
fully diluted common shares that would be outstanding subsequent to the merger
based on the exchange ratio. Bear Stearns then calculated the range of implied
Interland per share values by multiplying such Micron Electronics pro forma per
share equity

values by the exchange ratio, and also compared such implied per share equity
values for Interland to Interland's closing stock price of $1.66 per share on
March 20, 2001. A summary of such hypothetical pro forma trading valuation
analysis is provided in the table below.

                      PRO FORMA VALUES PER INTERLAND SHARE

                                                  HYPOTHETICAL RANGE OF MICRON ELECTRONICS
                                                       PRO FORMA ENTERPRISE VALUES(1)
                                                  ----------------------------------------
                                                  $180.0     $200.0     $240.0     $280.0
                                                  -------    -------    -------    -------

IMPLIED 2001 REVENUE MULTIPLE...................    1.23x      1.36x      1.64x      1.91x
PRO FORMA COMBINED EQUITY VALUE(2)..............  $335.3     $356.1     $396.1     $436.1
VALUE PER MICRON ELECTRONICS COMMON SHARE(3)....  $ 2.40     $ 2.54     $ 2.83     $ 3.11
VALUE PER INTERLAND COMMON SHARE(4).............  $ 2.06     $ 2.19     $ 2.43     $ 2.68
% Premium to March 20, 2001 closing price.......    24.7%      32.1%      46.9%      61.8%

- -------------------------
(1) Dollars in millions, except per share data.
(2) Represents enterprise value less total debt and plus excess cash of the
    combined companies. Micron Electronics' cash contribution based on estimated
    $200.0 million at closing.
(3) Represents pro forma combined equity value divided by the number of fully
    diluted Micron Electronics common shares to be outstanding subsequent to
    merger based on the exchange ratio.
(4) Value per Micron Electronics common share multiplied by the exchange ratio
    of 0.8610.

     Bear Stearns then calculated a range of implied Interland per share equity
values giving effect to the combination benefits discussed above (see "Micron
Electronics pro forma for the merger" above). Bear Stearns calculated such
values based on an estimated range of annual EBITDA synergies at intervals up to
and including $30.0 million, which annual EBITDA synergies Bear Stearns
capitalized at a multiple of 10.0x. The range of implied Interland per share
equity values based on such EBITDA synergies, and the premiums of such values to
Interland's closing stock price of $1.66 per share on March 20, 2001, is
provided in the table below.

        PRO FORMA VALUES PER INTERLAND SHARE INCLUDING EBITDA SYNERGIES

                                      HYPOTHETICAL RANGE OF MICRON ELECTRONICS
                                           PRO FORMA ENTERPRISE VALUES(1)
                                      ----------------------------------------
      ASSUMED ANNUAL SYNERGIES         $180       $200       $240       $280
      ------------------------        -------    -------    -------    -------

$ 0.0...............................   $2.06      $2.19      $2.43      $2.68
  7.5...............................    2.44       2.56       2.80       3.05
 15.0...............................    2.90       3.02       3.26       3.50
 22.5...............................    3.35       3.47       3.70       3.94
 30.0...............................    3.79       3.91       4.14       4.37

                                      HYPOTHETICAL RANGE OF MICRON ELECTRONICS
                                           PRO FORMA ENTERPRISE VALUES(1)
                                      ----------------------------------------
      ASSUMED ANNUAL SYNERGIES         $180       $200       $240       $280
      ------------------------        -------    -------    -------    -------

$ 0.0...............................    24.7%      32.1%      46.9%      61.8%
  7.5...............................    47.1       54.5       69.3       84.0
 15.0...............................    74.8       82.1       96.7      111.1
 22.5...............................   102.2      109.3      123.6      137.8
 30.0...............................   128.9      136.1      150.0      164.0

- -------------------------
(1) Dollars in millions, except per share data.

     Implied and current valuations and trading multiples. Bear Stearns reviewed
the aggregate net equity and enterprise values of Interland based on (1)
Interland's closing stock price and 20-day average stock price as of March 20,
2001 and (2) the implied pro forma per share equity values giving effect to the
merger (assuming no synergies) (see "Hypothetical pro forma trading valuation
analysis" above). In addition, Bear Stearns compared such per share values to
Interland's recent trading prices and also calculated implied multiples of
enterprise value/estimated revenue for 2001 and 2002. These analyses are
summarized in the table below.

                    SUMMARY VALUATIONS AND IMPLIED MULTIPLES

                                                 INTERLAND
                                      -------------------------------   HYPOTHETICAL RANGE OF MICRON ELECTRONICS
                                                           20-DAY            PRO FORMA ENTERPRISE VALUES(1)
                                          CLOSE           AVERAGE       -----------------------------------------
                                      MARCH 20, 2001   MARCH 20, 2001     $180       $200       $240       $280
                                      --------------   --------------   --------   --------   --------   --------

INTERLAND STOCK PRICES.....               $1.66            $ 1.89        $ 2.06     $ 2.19     $ 2.43     $ 2.68
INTERLAND NET EQUITY
  VALUE....................               $79.5            $ 90.9        $ 99.2     $105.1     $116.9     $128.7
INTERLAND ENTERPRISE
  VALUE(2).................               $95.4            $106.7        $115.0     $120.9     $132.7     $144.5
PREMIUM/(DISCOUNT) TO:
Closing Price on
  03/20/01.................  $ 1.66         0.0%             14.2%         24.7%      32.1%      46.9%      61.8%
20-Day Average.............    1.89       (12.5)              0.0           9.1       15.6       28.6       41.6
52 Week High Price.........   12.00       (86.2)            (84.2)        (82.8)     (81.8)     (79.7)     (77.7)
52 Week Low Price..........    1.38        20.5              37.6          50.2%      59.1%      77.0%      94.9%
ENTERPRISE VALUE/TOTAL
  REVENUE(2)
LQA........................                2.29x             2.56x         2.76x      2.90x      3.19x      3.47x
2001E......................                1.47              1.64          1.77       1.86       2.04       2.22
2002E......................                0.73              0.81          0.88       0.92       1.01       1.10

- -------------------------
(1) Dollars in millions, except per share data.
(2) Enterprise value represents equity value plus debt and less excess cash.

     Bear Stearns noted that the aforementioned range of implied pro forma
equity values per Interland common share represented meaningful premia versus
Interland's closing stock price and 20-day average stock price as of March 20,
2001 and its 52-week low closing stock price of $1.38 per share on March 16,
2001.

     Analysis of comparable publicly traded Web hosting companies. Bear Stearns
analyzed selected historical and projected operating information, stock market
performance data and valuation multiples for Interland and implied valuation
multiples for Micron Electronics on a pro forma basis giving effect to the
merger and the restructuring (see "Hypothetical pro forma trading valuation
analysis" and "Implied and current valuations and trading multiples" above).
Bear Stearns then compared such data to that of certain publicly traded Web
hosting companies deemed by Bear Stearns to be comparable to Interland.
Specifically, Bear Stearns calculated enterprise value/estimated 2001 revenue
multiples and enterprise value/estimated 2002 revenue multiples based on closing
stock prices as of March 20, 2001 for such comparable Web hosting companies.
Such values and multiples were based on publicly available

information, including estimates published in third-party Wall Street research
reports. These comparable companies and their respective trading multiples are
set forth in the table below.

             COMPARABLE TRADING MULTIPLES -- WEB HOSTING COMPANIES

                                                                ENTERPRISE VALUE(1)
                                                          --------------------------------
                                                          2001 ESTIMATED    2002 ESTIMATED
                                                             REVENUE           REVENUES
                                                          --------------    --------------

LARGER WEB HOSTING COMPANIES
  Exodus................................................       3.63x             2.19x
  Digex.................................................       3.11              1.95

     HIGH...............................................       3.63X             2.19X
     MEAN...............................................       3.37              2.07
     LOW................................................       3.11              1.95
SMALLER WEB HOSTING COMPANIES
  Globix................................................       2.49x             1.45x
  Data Return...........................................       1.94              1.23
  Navisite..............................................       0.83              0.45
  Interliant............................................       0.63              0.43

     HIGH...............................................       2.49X             1.45X
     MEAN...............................................       1.47              0.89
     LOW................................................       0.63              0.43

- -------------------------
(1) Represents net equity value plus market value of debt as of March 20, 2001,
    less excess cash.

     Bear Stearns noted that Interland and Micron Electronics on a pro forma
basis were more comparable to the smaller Web hosting companies, which
companies, in general, had lower aggregate stock market capitalizations and
lower levels of historical and projected revenue. Such smaller comparable
companies also were, in general, more capital constrained and had recent stock
price declines greater than those incurred by the larger Web hosting companies.

     No company utilized in the peer group comparison is identical to Interland
or Micron Electronics on a pro forma basis and, accordingly, Bear Stearns'
analysis of comparable companies necessarily involved complex considerations and
judgments concerning differences in financial and operating characteristics and
other factors which would necessarily affect the relative values of Interland
and Micron Electronics on a pro forma basis versus the companies to which they
were compared.

     Relative contribution analysis. Bear Stearns also performed an analysis of
the relative contributions by Micron Electronics (as adjusted for the
restructuring) and Interland to the pro forma combined company with respect to
revenue, EBITDA without combination benefits and EBITDA with combination
benefits over the 2001 to 2003 period. Bear Stearns' relative contribution
analysis was based upon projections provided by both Interland and Micron
Electronics management. Bear Stearns then compared the analysis referenced above
to the relative contributions to combined enterprise value by Interland and
Micron Electronics. Based on the range of hypothetical Micron Electronics pro
forma enterprise values and the number of Micron Electronics common shares to be
issued to the Interland shareholders based on the exchange ratio, Interland
would retain approximately 52.5% - 65.7% of the combined enterprise value and

Micron Electronics would retain 47.5% - 34.3% of the combined enterprise value.
The relative contribution analysis is summarized in the table below.

                         RELATIVE CONTRIBUTION ANALYSIS

                                                              HYPOTHETICAL RANGE OF MICRON ELECTRONICS
                                                              ----------------------------------------
                                                                   PRO FORMA ENTERPRISE VALUES(1)
                                                              ----------------------------------------
                                                               $180       $200       $240       $280
                                                              -------    -------    -------    -------

INTERLAND...................................................    65.7%      62.0%      56.5%      52.5%
MICRON ELECTRONICS..........................................    34.3       38.0       43.5       47.5
                                                               -----      -----      -----      -----
                                                               100.0%     100.0%     100.0%     100.0%

                                                               EBITDA WITHOUT     EBITDA WITH
                                                                COMBINATION       COMBINATION
                                            REVENUE               BENEFITS        BENEFITS(2)
                                    -----------------------    --------------    --------------
                                    2001     2002     2003     2002     2003     2002     2003
                                    -----    -----    -----    -----    -----    -----    -----

INTERLAND.........................   44.3%    43.5%    44.5%    33.3%    49.2%    18.2%    39.4%
MICRON ELECTRONICS................   55.7     56.5     55.5     66.7     50.8     36.5     40.8
SYNERGIES.........................     --       --       --       --       --     45.3     19.8
                                    -----    -----    -----    -----    -----    -----    -----
                                    100.0%   100.0%   100.0%   100.0%   100.0%   100.0%   100.0%

- -------------------------
(1) Dollars in millions.

(2) Assumes EBITDA synergies of $33.8 million in 2002 and 2003.

     Bear Stearns noted that the relative contribution analysis was consistently
favorable to Interland. Specifically, the portion of Micron Electronics' pro
forma enterprise value retained by Interland's shareholders (i.e., 52.5% - 65.7%
of the total) was well in excess of Interland's relative contribution to revenue
(44.3% - 44.5% of the total), to EBITDA without synergies (33.3% - 49.2%) and to
EBITDA with synergies (18.2% - 39.4%).

     Selected precedent mergers and acquisitions transactions. Bear Stearns
reviewed selected precedent mergers and acquisitions involving companies that,
like Interland, provide Web hosting services. Bear Stearns made specific
reference to two directly comparable transactions in the "shared" Web hosting
space -- Nippon Telephone and Telegraph Corp.'s acquisition of Verio, Inc. in
May 2000 and XO Communication, Inc.'s acquisition of Concentric Network Corp. in
January 2000. However, these transactions were substantially larger than the
merger ($6.4 billion and $2.7 billion, respectively) and were announced in early
and mid-2000, when the Nasdaq composite index was substantially higher than
current levels. In addition, Verio was acquired in a cash transaction. Other
transactions were either not directly comparable (e.g., Exodus Communications
Inc.'s acquisition of GlobalCenter Inc. (collocation) and WorldCom, Inc.'s
acquisition of Intermedia Communications Inc./Digex, Inc. (managed Web hosting))
or were announced when the Web hosting industry was in a different stage of
development (e.g., Metromedia Fiber Network, Inc./AboveNet Communications Inc.
in June 1999 and Verio/Hiway

Technologies, Inc. in November 1998). The following table summarizes certain
relevant statistics for the precedent transactions in the Web hosting sector.

                       PRECEDENT MERGERS AND ACQUISITIONS

                                                                                 ENTERPRISE
                                                                               VALUE/REVENUE
                                                                               MULTIPLE PAID
                                                                                  BASED ON
                                                                             ------------------
                                                                             CURRENT    CURRENT
ANNOUNCEMENT DATE                       ACQUIRER/TARGET                       YEAR      YEAR +1
- -----------------                       ---------------                      -------    -------

February 15, 2001    WorldCom/Intermedia...................................     5.4x       4.5x
September 28,
  2000               Exodus/Global Center..................................    28.9       12.3
May 28, 2000         NTT/Verio.............................................    15.5        9.4
January 10, 2000     XO/Concentric.........................................     8.4        5.0
June 22, 1999        MetroMedia/AboveNet...................................      NA         NA
November 17, 1998    Verio/Hiway Technologies..............................     6.1         NA

     Bear Stearns noted that none of the precedent mergers and acquisitions
transactions above are identical to the merger. Bear Stearns further noted that
the analysis of precedent transactions necessarily involves complex
considerations and judgments concerning differences in financial and operating
characteristics and other factors that would necessarily affect the acquisition
value of Interland versus the acquisition value of any other comparable company
in general and the transactions above in particular.

Other considerations

     The preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex process that involves
various judgments and determinations as to the most appropriate and relevant
methods of financial and valuation analysis and the application of those methods
to the particular circumstances. The opinion is, therefore, not necessarily
susceptible to partial analysis or summary description. Bear Stearns believes
that its analyses must be considered as a whole and that selecting portions of
its analyses and the factors considered, without considering all of the analyses
and factors, would create a misleading and incomplete view of the processes
underlying its opinion. Bear Stearns did not form an opinion as to whether any
individual analysis or factor, whether positive or negative, considered in
isolation, supported or failed to support its opinion. In arriving at its
opinion, Bear Stearns did not assign any particular weight to any analysis or
factor considered by it, but rather made qualitative judgments based upon its
experience in providing such opinions and on then-existing economic, monetary,
market and other conditions as to the significance of each analysis and factor.
In performing its analyses, Bear Stearns, at Interland's direction and
Interland's consent, made numerous assumptions with respect to industry
performance, general business conditions and other matters, many of which are
beyond the control of Interland or Bear Stearns. Any assumed estimates
implicitly contained in Bear Stearns' opinion or relied upon by Bear Stearns in
rendering its opinion do not necessarily reflect actual values or predict future
results or values. Any estimates relating to the value of the business or
securities do not purport to be appraisals or to necessarily reflect the prices
at which companies or securities may actually be sold.

     Interland's board of directors retained Bear Stearns based upon Bear
Stearns' qualifications, experience and expertise. Bear Stearns is an
internationally recognized investment banking firm that regularly engages in the
valuation of businesses and their securities in connection with mergers and
acquisitions, negotiated underwritings, competitive bids, secondary
distributions of listed and unlisted securities, private placements and
valuations for estate, corporate and other purposes. Bear Stearns has previously
rendered investment banking services to Interland and has received customary
fees for rendering these services. In the ordinary course of its business, Bear
Stearns may actively trade the equity securities of Interland and Micron
Electronics for its own account and for the accounts of its customers and,
accordingly, at any time may hold a long or short position in such securities.

     Pursuant to an engagement letter, Interland agreed to pay to Bear Stearns a
total advisory fee of $2.5 million upon completion of the merger. Of this
amount, $0.5 million was payable upon Bear Stearns rendering its fairness
opinion to Interland's board of directors on March 23, 2001. In addition,
Interland agreed to reimburse Bear Stearns for all reasonable out-of-pocket
expenses incurred by Bear Stearns in connection with the merger, including the
reasonable fees and disbursements to its legal counsel. Interland has also
agreed to indemnify Bear Stearns against specific liabilities in connection with
its engagement, including liabilities under the Federal securities laws.

INTERESTS OF CERTAIN PERSONS IN THE MERGER

     When considering the recommendations of Micron Electronics' and Interland's
boards of directors, you should be aware that the directors and officers of
Micron Electronics and Interland and Micron Technology and some shareholders of
Interland have interests in the merger and have arrangements that are different
from, or are in addition to, those of Micron Electronics and Interland
shareholders generally. As a result, these directors, officers and shareholders
could be more likely to vote in favor of recommending the merger agreement and
the merger than if they did not hold these interests. The boards of directors of
Micron Electronics and Interland were aware of these interests and took these
interests into account in approving the merger and the transactions contemplated
by the merger documents. These interests include:

     - Acceleration of Interland stock options. Under the terms of the Interland
       Stock Incentive Plan and specific option grants to several executive
       officers, key employees and non-employee directors of Interland, unvested
       options to purchase 1,373,918 shares of Interland common stock will
       immediately vest upon the completion of the merger. The following tables
       show the number of unvested Interland options held by executive officers
       and non-employee directors that will vest and become exercisable as a
       result of the merger assuming that the merger is completed on or after
       July 15, 2001:

                                          NUMBER OF UNVESTED OPTIONS THAT
    INTERLAND EXECUTIVE OFFICER         WILL VEST AS A RESULT OF THE MERGER
    ---------------------------         -----------------------------------

H. Christopher Covington                108,000
Jeffrey L. Ehrlich                      175,000
Nicholas Farsi                          125,000
Kenneth Gavranovic                      108,000
David N. Gill                           201,000
Maryjane Stevens                        48,600
Mark Alexander                          197,000

                                          NUMBER OF UNVESTED OPTIONS THAT
  INTERLAND NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTOR       WILL VEST AS A RESULT OF THE MERGER
  -------------------------------       -----------------------------------

Frederick W. Field                      35,064
Clyde A. Heintzelman                    30,339
William E. Whitmer                      31,915

     - Acceleration of Interland restricted stock. Upon the merger, shares of
       Interland restricted stock subject to a right of repurchase owned by each
       of Interland's directors and executive officers will be exchanged for
       Micron Electronics common stock, subject to the same restrictions. This
       right to repurchase with respect to two-thirds of the restricted stock
       holdings of Christopher Covington and David Gill, officers of Interland,
       will vest upon the merger, and the remainder will vest six months after
       the merger. As of May 15, 2001, Mr. Covington held 75,000 unvested shares
       of restricted stock and Mr. Gill held 300,000 unvested shares of
       restricted stock. Furthermore, restricted stock held by some other
       officers of Interland will fully vest if they are terminated without
       cause within six months after the merger.

     - Board memberships and employment. Assuming the proposal to elect three
       new directors to the Micron Electronics board of directors is approved by
       Micron Electronics' shareholders, three new directors will become members
       of the board of directors of Micron Electronics to fill newly created
       director positions. Two of these new directors have been selected by
       Interland, and one will have been selected jointly by Micron Electronics
       and Interland. In addition, some executive officers of Interland will
       become executive officers of Micron Electronics, including Kenneth
       Gavranovic, who will become vice chairman and chief technology officer of
       Micron Electronics. Mr. Gavranovic and Micron Electronics have entered
       into an employment agreement assumption and amendment that will be
       effective upon the completion of the merger. Under this agreement, Mr.
       Gavranovic's annual salary will be increased to $300,000, but automatic
       increases contained in his original employment agreement with Interland
       will be removed. Micron Electronics anticipates that it will enter into
       employment contracts on customary terms with some executive officers and
       other employees of Interland, although currently it has not done so.

     - Registration rights. Under the MTI registration rights agreement, Micron
       Technology, which will own approximately 42% of the outstanding common
       stock of Micron Electronics after the merger, has been granted
       registration rights with respect to the shares of Micron Electronics
       common stock that it owns. Micron Technology will be entitled to require
       Micron Electronics to register its shares of Micron Electronics common
       stock and will also be entitled to "piggyback" registration rights.

       Additionally, under the amended and restated registration rights
       agreement, Micron Electronics will be required to file a registration
       statement registering for public resale at least 25% of the registrable
       securities that are held by parties to this agreement who own at least
       50% of these registrable securities common stock. The parties to this
       agreement are currently Micron Electronics, Interland, and Micron
       Technology, however, Interland has agreed to use its best efforts to
       cause some of its shareholders to become parties to this agreement, upon
       which the MTI registration rights agreement would terminate. Micron
       Electronics will only be required to effect one registration in any
       six-month period. In addition, the parties to this agreement will also be
       entitled to "piggyback" registration rights.

       For a further description of these registration rights see "Related
       Agreements -- Amended and restated registration rights agreement" on page
       89 and "Related Agreements -- MTI registration rights agreement" on page
       89.

     - Indemnification; insurance. Micron Electronics and Interland directors
       and executive officers have customary rights to indemnification under
       indemnification agreements. The merger agreement provides that, upon
       completion of the merger, Micron Electronics will indemnify and hold
       harmless, and provide advancement of expenses to, all directors and
       officers of Interland in their capacities as such:

      -- to the same extent they were indemnified or had the right to
         advancement of expenses as of the date of completion of the merger,
         under Interland's articles of incorporation, bylaws and indemnification
         agreements with any directors, officers and employees of Interland; and

      -- to the fullest extent permitted by law, in each case for acts or
         omissions occurring at or prior to the completion of the merger.

      The merger agreement also provides that, upon completion of the merger,
      Micron Electronics will procure, for a period of five years after
      completion of the merger, the comparable coverage as the directors' and
      officers' liability insurance and fiduciary liability insurance maintained
      by Interland.

     - Loan guarantee. Interland has guaranteed obligations of Mr. Gavranovic to
       Bear Stearns to repay a $3.4 million loan. Mr. Gavranovic has entered
       into an agreement with Interland under which he has agreed to promptly
       repay Interland any amounts that Interland may pay under that guarantee.
       Micron Electronics will assume the rights and obligations of the
       guarantee at the effective time of the merger. This loan is secured by a
       lien on all the shares of Interland owed by Mr. Gavranovic,

       and salary, severance pay, or other amounts payable to Mr. Gavranovic may
       be offset against the loan.

STRUCTURE OF THE MERGER

     In the merger, Interland and a wholly owned subsidiary of Micron
Electronics will merge, and as a result, Interland will survive the merger and
become a wholly owned subsidiary of Micron Electronics. Each outstanding share
of Interland common stock will be exchanged for 0.861 shares of Micron
Electronics common stock. The exchange ratio cannot be decreased. In the event
that Micron Electronics' cash and cash equivalents, including any amounts to be
received by Micron Electronics for tax refunds, net of those liabilities and
related reserves that are not related to the HostPro business, which amount is
referred to as "Net Available Cash," are less than $200.0 million, less the
amount of any loans made to Interland by Micron Electronics under the bridge
loan and security agreement, as of the closing, the exchange ratio will be
increased as provided in the schedule attached as Annex D. The exchange ratio
could increase to as high as 2.3676 shares of Micron Electronics common stock
for each share of Interland common stock if the Net Available Cash balance drops
below $10.0 million.

     Net Available Cash is the cash and cash equivalents of Micron Electronics,
including any amounts to be received by Micron Electronics for tax refunds, at
the time of the merger closing, less any reserves for all liabilities of Micron
Electronics related to the operations of its PC Systems or SpecTek businesses or
the sale, transfer, disposition or winding down and cessation of operations of
either business, or any other liabilities of Micron Electronics to the extent
not related to its HostPro business.

     The merger agreement contains a procedure for calculating Net Available
Cash that involves Micron Electronics and an independent accounting firm making
the initial determination, with Interland having the right to dispute this
determination through its independent accounting firm. If necessary, a final
determination will be made by a third independent accounting firm. This
determination of the Net Available Cash must be completed at the time of the
closing of the merger.

     Net Available Cash at the time of the merger closing will reflect the
continued funding of the operations of the HostPro business through the closing
and of the PC Systems business through its disposition, as well as the impact of
the transactions involving the sale of the PC Systems and SpecTek businesses.
The net proceeds of approximately $43.2 million from the sale of the SpecTek
assets and the land, building and intellectual property to Micron Technology are
not reflected in the financial statements of Micron Electronics as of March 1,
2001 included in this document. The estimated operating losses for the third
fiscal quarter ending May 31, 2001 and the originally estimated loss on disposal
of the PC Systems business of $147.5 million, are reflected in the financial
statements of Micron Electronics as of March 1, 2001, in this document as a
discontinued operation. Based on the final terms of the agreement to sell the PC
Systems business, the revised estimated loss increased to approximately $170.5
million, including the $70 million cash contribution by Micron Electronics to
GTG PC. Net Available Cash at the time of the merger closing will depend on a
variety of factors that will occur between the date of this joint proxy
statement/prospectus and the merger closing, including the timing of the merger
closing. Therefore, Micron Electronics cannot predict or estimate with any
certainty the amount of Net Available Cash at the time of the merger closing,
and as a result Micron Electronics cannot predict whether the exchange ratio
will remain at 0.8610 or will be increased as provided in the schedule attached
as Annex D. We encourage you to review Annex D for examples of how the exchange
ratio could be adjusted according to the amount of Net Available Cash at the
time of the merger closing.

TREATMENT OF OPTIONS AND WARRANTS

     Options and warrants to purchase Interland common stock will be exchanged
for options or warrants, as the case may be, to purchase shares of Micron
Electronics common stock according to the exchange ratio.

NO FRACTIONAL SHARES

     No certificate or scrip representing fractional shares of Micron
Electronics common stock will be issued in connection with the merger. Instead,
Interland's shareholders will receive cash, without interest, in lieu of a
fraction of a share of Micron Electronics common stock.

POTENTIAL CASH PAYMENT TO MICRON ELECTRONICS' SHAREHOLDERS

     To the extent that Micron Electronics has Excess Cash at the closing of the
merger, or Net Proceeds from the disposition of the PC Systems business within
three years of the closing of the merger, the holders of Micron Electronics
common stock of record as of the close of trading on the closing date of the
merger, will be entitled to receive pro rata cash payments of any Excess Cash
and of any additional Net Proceeds. Interland shareholders will not be entitled
to receive any distributions of Excess Cash or Net Proceeds. Based on its
current estimates, Micron Electronics believes it will not have Excess Cash at
the closing of the merger. In addition, Micron Electronics cannot assure you
that it will receive any Net Proceeds, or that any Net Proceeds received by
Micron Electronics would be sufficient to result in a cash payment to Micron
Electronics' shareholders. However, in the event it will have Excess Cash or Net
Proceeds, any payments are subject to the following restrictions:

     - Any Excess Cash or Net Proceeds received prior to the six-month
       anniversary of the closing will be held in escrow for six months
       following the closing of the merger. These amounts will be used to pay
       any liabilities that do not relate to the HostPro business and that arise
       before the end of that six-month escrow period;

     - At the end of the six-month period, a special committee of the board of
       directors of Micron Electronics, will determine if Micron Electronics has
       any liabilities relating to its former non-hosting businesses. The
       determination of this amount is subject to the approval by Micron
       Technology, or any person that Micron Technology designates to represent
       the pre-closing date Micron Electronics shareholders. If the special
       committee and the representative are unable to agree on these amounts,
       the merger agreement provides for specific dispute resolution procedures;

     - No payments of Excess Cash will be made after the third anniversary of
       the closing of the merger, regardless of whether Excess Cash is received
       after the three-year period. Additionally, Micron Electronics would not
       be entitled to receive Net Proceeds after the third anniversary of the
       closing of the sale of the PC Systems business;

     - For administrative convenience, payments of Excess Cash or Net Proceeds
       may be deferred by Micron Electronics, in its sole discretion, until the
       aggregate amount of any payments is equal to or greater than $10.0
       million;

     - The right to receive any cash payments is granted to these shareholders
       individually, is not transferable and will not attach to or trade with
       the common stock of Micron Electronics and will not be represented by any
       certificate, document or other instrument; and

     - A record date will be set as of the close of trading on the date of the
       closing of the merger, but immediately prior to the merger closing in
       connection with the potential cash payments of Excess Cash or Net
       Proceeds.

     EXCESS CASH is the amount of cash and cash equivalents shown on Micron
Electronics' audited closing date balance sheet, less:

     - The amount of any liabilities on that closing date balance sheet relating
       to businesses other than the Web hosting business; and

     - An amount equal to $200.0 million plus the amount of any decrease in the
       reserves for non-hosting business liabilities originally reflected on the
       post-closing balance sheet, reflected in Micron Electronics financial
       statements after the closing date of the merger and which have been
       audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP.

     NET PROCEEDS are net proceeds received by Micron Electronics from the sale
of its PC Systems business, after provision for taxes, payment of commissions,
payment of indebtedness required to be incurred in connection with the sale,
deduction of any amounts as a reserve or credit against the purchase price. In
the event of a sale of, or initial public offering of securities with respect
to, the PC Systems business within three years of the closing of the sale of the
PC Systems business, Micron Electronics would be entitled to receive a
percentage of any proceeds available only after payment of liabilities and
transaction costs and payment of a specified return to the investors in GTG PC
Holdings. This percentage decreases each year until the third year, after which
time Micron Electronics will not be entitled to any proceeds.

COMPLETION AND EFFECTIVENESS OF THE MERGER

     The merger will be completed no later than the time when all of the
conditions to completion of the merger are satisfied or waived, including
approval of the merger and approval and adoption of the merger agreement by the
shareholders of Interland, approval of the issuance of shares of Micron
Electronics common stock in the merger and the amendment to Micron Electronics'
articles of incorporation and bylaws, increase in the size of the Micron
Electronics board of three directors and election of directors by the
shareholders of Micron Electronics. The merger will become effective upon both
the filing of a certificate of merger with the State of Delaware and the filing
of articles of merger with the State of Georgia.

EXCHANGE OF INTERLAND STOCK CERTIFICATES FOR MICRON ELECTRONICS STOCK
CERTIFICATES

     When the merger is completed, Micron Electronics' exchange agent will mail
to Interland shareholders a letter of transmittal and instructions for use in
surrendering Interland stock certificates in exchange for Micron Electronics
stock certificates. When an Interland shareholder delivers its Interland stock
certificates to the exchange agent along with an executed letter of transmittal,
the Interland stock certificates will be canceled and the shareholder will
receive Micron Electronics stock certificates representing the number of full
shares of Micron Electronics common stock to which the shareholder is entitled
under the merger agreement. Interland shareholders should not submit their
Interland stock certificates for exchange unless and until they receive the
transmittal instructions and a form of letter of transmittal from the exchange
agent.

     Micron Electronics will only issue Interland shareholders a Micron
Electronics stock certificate or a check instead of a fractional share in a name
in which the surrendered Interland stock certificate is registered. If any
Interland shareholder wishes to have a certificate or check issued in another
name, the shareholder must present the exchange agent with all documents
required to show and effect the unrecorded transfer of ownership and show that
it paid any applicable stock transfer taxes. If any Interland shareholder has
lost its stock certificate, that shareholder will be required to furnish an
affidavit of loss and a bond in addition to the documents accompanying the
letter of transmittal to receive the corresponding Micron Electronics stock
certificate.

MATERIAL UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE MERGER

     The following discussion summarizes the material federal income tax
consequences of the merger to Micron Electronics, Interland and their
shareholders. This discussion is based on the Internal Revenue Code, applicable
Treasury Regulations, judicial authority, and administrative rulings and
practice, all as of the date hereof. The IRS could adopt positions contrary to
those set forth below. In addition, future legislative, judicial, or
administrative changes or interpretations could adversely affect the accuracy of
these statements and conclusions. These changes or interpretations could be
applied retroactively and could affect the tax consequences of the merger to
Micron Electronics, Interland and their respective shareholders. This discussion
assumes that you hold your Micron Electronics or Interland shares as capital
assets within the meaning of section 1221 of the Code. This discussion does not
address all federal income tax considerations that may be relevant to you in
light of your particular circumstances. For example, this

discussion does not address the federal income tax consequences of the merger to
the following classes of shareholders:

     - dealers in securities;

     - foreign persons;

     - financial institutions;

     - tax-exempt organizations;

     - insurance companies;

     - Interland shareholders who acquired their Interland shares through stock
       option or stock purchase programs or in other compensatory transactions;
       and

     - Interland shareholders who hold their Interland shares as part of a
       straddle, conversion, or other integrated transaction.

     In addition, the following discussion does not address the tax consequences
of the merger under foreign, state or local tax laws. Finally, the discussion
does not address the tax consequences of transactions occurring prior to or
after the merger, whether or not these transactions are in connection with the
merger, including, without limitation, the exercise of options or rights to
purchase Interland shares in anticipation of the merger. ACCORDINGLY, MICRON
ELECTRONICS AND INTERLAND SHAREHOLDERS ARE URGED TO CONSULT THEIR OWN TAX
ADVISORS AS TO THE SPECIFIC TAX CONSEQUENCES TO THEM OF THE MERGER, INCLUDING
THE APPLICABLE FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL AND FOREIGN TAX CONSEQUENCES TO THEM OF THE
MERGER.

Federal income tax consequences to Interland shareholders

     The merger will qualify as a reorganization for federal income tax purposes
under section 368(a) of the Code. As a reorganization, the merger will have the
following federal income tax consequences to the Interland shareholders, subject
to the limitations and qualifications referred to in this section:

     - You will not recognize gain or loss on the exchange of your Interland
       shares for shares of Micron Electronics common stock in the merger,
       except as discussed below with respect to cash received in lieu of
       fractional shares of Micron Electronics common stock.

     - If you receive cash in lieu of a fractional share of Micron Electronics
       common stock, you will be treated as if you actually received a
       fractional share, and that share was subsequently redeemed by Micron
       Electronics. You should recognize gain or loss with respect to the cash
       you receive in lieu of a fractional share measured by the difference
       between the amount of cash you receive and your tax basis in the
       fractional share. Generally, your gain or loss will be capital gain or
       loss and will be long-term capital gain or loss if you have held your
       Interland shares for more than one year as of the closing date of the
       merger.

     - You must transfer the tax basis in your Interland shares to the Micron
       Electronics common stock, including fractional shares, you receive in the
       merger. After any fractional shares are treated as redeemed, the
       aggregate tax basis in the Micron Electronics common stock you receive in
       the merger will equal the aggregate tax basis in the Interland shares you
       surrendered, reduced by any basis allocable to fractional shares in
       exchange for which you receive cash.

     - The holding period for the Micron Electronics common stock you receive in
       the merger will include the period during which you held the Interland
       shares you exchanged for Micron Electronics common stock.

     Even if the merger qualifies as a reorganization, you will recognize gain
to the extent that you receive any shares of Micron Electronics common stock in
exchange for services or property other than solely Interland shares. All or a
portion of this gain could be taxable as ordinary income. You will also
recognize gain to the extent you are treated as receiving consideration other
than Micron Electronics common stock in exchange for Interland shares.

Federal income tax consequences to Micron Electronics shareholders

     You will not recognize gain or loss as a result of the merger, and the tax
basis in your Micron Electronics shares will not change as a result of the
merger.

Federal income tax consequences to Micron Electronics and Interland

     Micron Electronics, including its merger subsidiary, and Interland will not
recognize gain or loss as a result of the merger.

ACCOUNTING TREATMENT OF THE MERGER

     Micron Electronics intends to account for the merger as a purchase for
financial reporting and accounting purposes. After the merger, the results of
operations of Interland will be included in the consolidated financial
statements of Micron Electronics. The purchase price, or, the aggregate merger
consideration, will be allocated based on the fair values of the assets acquired
and the liabilities assumed. Any excess of cost over fair value of the net
tangible assets of Interland acquired will be recorded as goodwill and other
intangible assets and will be amortized by charges to operations under generally
accepted accounting principles.

REGULATORY FILINGS AND APPROVALS REQUIRED TO COMPLETE THE MERGER

     The merger is subject to the requirements of the Hart-Scott-Rodino
Antitrust Improvements Act, which prevents some transactions from being
completed until required information and materials are furnished to the
Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice and the Federal Trade Commission
and the appropriate waiting periods end or expire. We have filed the required
information and materials with the Department of Justice and the Federal Trade
Commission and the waiting period under that Act has expired.

     The Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice or the Federal Trade
Commission may challenge the merger on antitrust grounds after expiration of the
waiting period. Accordingly, at any time before or after the completion of the
merger, either the Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice or the
Federal Trade Commission could take action under the antitrust laws. Other
persons could also take action under the antitrust laws, including seeking to
enjoin the merger. Additionally, at any time before or after the completion of
the merger, notwithstanding that the applicable waiting period expired or ended,
any state could take action under the antitrust laws.

     Neither of us is aware of any other material governmental or regulatory
approval required for completion of the merger, other than the effectiveness of
the registration statement of which this joint proxy statement/prospectus is a
part, compliance with applicable corporate law of Delaware and Georgia and rules
of the Nasdaq National Market.

RESTRICTIONS ON SALES OF SHARES BY AFFILIATES OF INTERLAND AND MICRON
ELECTRONICS

     The shares of Micron Electronics common stock issued in the merger will be
freely transferable under the Securities Act, except for shares of Micron
Electronics common stock issued to any person who is an affiliate of either of
Micron Electronics or Interland. Persons who may be deemed to be affiliates
include individuals or entities that control, are controlled by, or are under
common control of either of Micron Electronics or Interland and may include some
of their officers and directors, as well as their principal shareholders.
Affiliates may not sell their shares of Micron Electronics common stock acquired
in the merger except under:

     - an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the
       resale of those shares;

     - an exception under paragraph (d) of Rule 145 under the Securities Act; or

     - any other applicable exemption under the Securities Act.

LISTING ON THE NASDAQ NATIONAL MARKET OF MICRON ELECTRONICS COMMON STOCK TO BE
ISSUED IN THE MERGER

     It is a condition to the closing of the merger that the shares of Micron
Electronics common stock to be issued in the merger be approved for listing on
the Nasdaq National Market, subject to official notice of issuance.

ABSENCE OF APPRAISAL RIGHTS

     Holders of Interland common stock do not have dissenters' appraisal rights
under Georgia law in connection with the merger. Likewise, holders of Micron
Electronics common stock do not have dissenters' appraisal rights under
Minnesota law in connection with the merger.

DELISTING AND DEREGISTRATION OF INTERLAND COMMON STOCK AFTER THE MERGER

     If the merger is completed, the Interland common stock will be delisted
from the Nasdaq National Market and its registration under the Exchange Act will
be terminated.

                              THE MERGER AGREEMENT

     This section of the document describes the merger agreement. While we
believe that the description covers the material terms of the merger agreement,
this summary may not contain all of the information that is important to you.
The merger agreement is attached to this document as Annex A and we urge you to
carefully read this document in its entirety.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

     Each of us each made substantially similar representations and warranties
in the merger agreement regarding aspects of our businesses, financial
condition, structure and other facts pertinent to the merger. Each of us made
representations to the other, including representations as to:

     - corporate organization, good standing and qualification to do business;

     - its and its subsidiaries' ownership interests in other entities;

     - its and its subsidiaries' charter documents and bylaws;

     - capitalization;

     - authority to enter into the merger agreement;

     - required consents, waivers and approvals;

     - regulatory approvals required to complete the merger;

     - the effect of the merger on outstanding obligations;

     - filings and reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission;

     - financial statements;

     - absence of changes in Interland's or the HostPro business, as applicable,
       since the most recent financial statements;

     - taxes;

     - title to owned and leased properties;

     - intellectual property and infringement of intellectual property of
       others;

     - compliance with applicable laws;

     - permits required to conduct business and compliance with those permits;

     - litigation with respect to the applicable company;

     - employment matters;

     - labor matters;

     - employee benefit plans;

     - hazardous material activities and environmental liabilities;

     - agreements, contracts and commitments;

     - brokers' and finders' fees in connection with the merger;

     - insurance;

     - information supplied by the applicable company in this document and the
       related registration statement;

     - approval by the board of directors of the applicable company;

     - the fairness opinion received by the applicable company from its
       financial advisor;

     - with respect to Interland, the inapplicability of antitakeover and other
       laws and its rights agreement to the merger;

     - with respect to Interland, the identity of its affiliates and
       transactions with related parties;

     - supplier and customer relationships;

     - product and service quality; and

     - continuity of computer network operations.

     Micron Electronics' representations and warranties exclude the effects of
the disposition, sale or wind-down of the PC Systems business, the transfer of
the SpecTek business, some intellectual property and real estate to Micron
Technology, and any related reduction in workforce or termination of supplier
relationship, or any changes in Micron Electronics' financial condition, results
of operation, expenses, asset or liabilities directly resulting from any of
these events, which we refer to as the "Micron Electronics' contemplated
changes."

     The representations and warranties in the merger agreement are complicated
and are not easily summarized. We urge you to read the articles of the merger
agreement entitled "Representations and Warranties of Company," and
"Representations and Warranties of Parent and Merger Sub" carefully.

CONDUCT OF EACH COMPANY'S BUSINESS BEFORE THE CLOSING OF THE MERGER

Interland

     Interland has agreed that until the closing of the merger or the
termination of the merger agreement, or unless Micron Electronics consents in
writing, Interland and its subsidiaries will each carry on its business in the
usual, regular and ordinary course, pay its debts and taxes when due and pay or
perform other material obligations when due. Interland has also agreed to use
its commercially reasonable efforts consistent with past practices and policies
to:

     - preserve intact its present business organization;

     - keep available the services of its present officers and employees; and

     - preserve its relationships with customers, suppliers, licensors,
       licensees, and others with which it has business dealings.

     Interland has also agreed that until the closing of the merger or the
termination of the merger agreement, or unless Micron Electronics consents in
writing, Interland and each of its subsidiaries will conduct its business in
compliance with specific restrictions relating to the following:

     - waiving restrictions on, accelerating or modifying the terms of or
       payment for options granted or restricted stock purchased under its stock
       plans, or repricing of or authorizing cash payments for stock options
       granted under its stock plans;

     - granting any severance or termination pay except under written agreements
       in effect when the merger agreement was executed or in an amount not to
       exceed three months' salary of the terminated person;

     - transferring or licensing intellectual property other than non-exclusive
       licenses granted in the ordinary course of business;

     - declaring or paying dividends or making other distributions with respect
       to its capital stock;

     - purchasing or redeeming shares of its capital stock except repurchases of
       unvested shares in connection with employee terminations;

     - issuing securities other than

      -- grants of options to purchase no more than 1,000,000 shares of
         Interland common stock with respect to newly hired employees,
         promotions of existing employees, or as part of Interland's annual
         stock option grant program with no individual grants or awards to
         exceed 250,000 shares per person without the approval of Micron
         Electronics' chairman of the board of directors;

      -- issuances of Interland common stock upon exercise of outstanding
         options and warrants on the date of the merger agreement; or

      -- issuances under Interland's employee stock purchase plan and 401(k)
         plan;

     - amending its charter or bylaws;

     - acquiring or agreeing to merge with, or acquiring the assets of, or
       making equity investments in, other entities;

     - selling, leasing, licensing, encumbering or disposing of property or
       assets that are material to the business of Interland;

     - incurring or guaranteeing indebtedness other than in the ordinary course
       of business, under existing credit facilities or under equipment
       financing;

     - adopting or amending any employee benefit plan;

     - entering into any employment contract other than offer letters and letter
       agreements in the ordinary course of business;

     - paying any special bonus or increasing the pay of its directors,
       officers, employers or consultants other than in the ordinary course of
       business;

     - making any material capital expenditures other than those contained in
       Interland's capital budget approved prior to the date of the merger
       agreement and except for capital leases consistent with past practice;

     - entering into, modifying, terminating or amending contracts or waiving,
       releasing or assigning any material rights under the contract in a manner
       that could reasonably be expected to materially adversely affect
       Interland;

     - entering into any agreement regarding the acquisition, distribution or
       licensing of Interland's intellectual property other than in the ordinary
       course of business;

     - materially revaluing its assets or changing accounting practices except
       as required under generally accepted accounting practices; or

     - materially changing the pricing of the fees for its services.

Micron Electronics

     Micron Electronics has agreed that until the closing of the merger, or
unless Interland consents in writing and except for the Micron Electronics'
contemplated changes, Micron Electronics and its subsidiaries will each:

     - carry on its business in the usual, regular and ordinary course;

     - collect its receivables in the ordinary course consistent with past
       practice;

     - pay its payables, debts and taxes when due; and

     - subject to taking actions necessary to manage down the costs of
       implementing the Micron Electronics' contemplated changes and pay or
       perform other material obligations when due.

     Micron Electronics has also agreed to use its commercially reasonable
efforts consistent with past practices and policies to:

     - preserve intact its present business organization relating to its HostPro
       business;

     - keep available the services of its present officers and employees
       relating to its HostPro business; and

     - preserve its relationships with customers, suppliers, licensors,
       licensees, and others with which it has business dealings relating to its
       HostPro business.

     Micron Electronics has also agreed that until the closing of the merger, or
unless Interland consents in writing and except for the Micron Electronics'
contemplated changes, Micron Electronics and each of its subsidiaries will
conduct its business in compliance with specific restrictions relating to the
following:

     - waiving restrictions on, accelerating or modifying the terms of or
       payment for options granted, or restricted stock purchased under its
       stock plans, or repricing of or authorizing cash payment for stock
       options granted under its stock plans with respect to employees of the
       HostPro business;

     - with respect to its HostPro business or its employees, adopting any new
       severance plan or granting any severance or termination pay except under
       written agreements in effect when the merger agreement was executed, in
       an amount not to exceed two months' salary of the terminated person;

     - entering into any agreement regarding the acquisition, distribution or
       licensing of any material intellectual property, other than non-exclusive
       licenses in the ordinary course of business, that are material to the
       HostPro business;

     - declaring or paying dividends or making other distributions with respect
       to its capital stock;

     - purchasing or redeeming shares of its capital stock except repurchases of
       unvested shares in connection with employee terminations;

     - issuing securities other than

      -- grants of options to purchase no more than 1,500,000 shares of Micron
         Electronics common stock with respect to newly hired employees,
         promotions of existing employees or as part of Micron Electronics'
         annual grant program,

      -- issuances required to implement the Micron Electronics' contemplated
         changes,

      -- issuances of Micron Electronics common stock upon exercise of
         outstanding options or warrants on the date of the merger agreement, or

      -- issuances under its employee stock purchase plan or issuances under its
         401(k) plan;

     - amending its or its subsidiaries' charter documents or bylaws;

     - acquiring or agreeing to merge with, or acquiring the assets of, or
       making equity investments in, other entities without the consent of
       Interland;

     - selling, leasing, licensing, encumbering or disposing of property or
       assets that are material to its HostPro business;

     - incurring or guaranteeing indebtedness except in the ordinary course of
       business or under existing credit facilities in the ordinary course of
       business;

     - adopting or amending any employee benefit plan with respect to its
       HostPro business except as required by law or as contemplated by the
       merger agreement;

     - entering into any employment contract with respect to its Web hosting
       business other than offer letters or letter agreements in the ordinary
       course of business consistent with past practice;

     - paying any special bonus on special remuneration to any director or
       employee, or increasing the salaries or wage rates or fringe benefits
       with respect to its HostPro business for its directors, officers,
       employees or consultants other than in the ordinary course of business;

     - making any material capital expenditures other than those contained in
       Micron Electronics' capital budget approved prior to the date of the
       merger agreement;

     - entering into, modifying, terminating or amending contracts or waiving,
       releasing or assigning any material rights under the contract in a manner
       that could reasonably be expected to materially adversely affect its
       HostPro business, except for severance arrangements for its employees
       associated with its PC Systems business;

     - entering into any agreement regarding the acquisition, distribution or
       licensing of intellectual property related to its HostPro business other
       than in the ordinary course of business;

     - materially changing the pricing of the fees for its services related to
       its HostPro business; or

     - changing accounting practices except as required under generally accepted
       accounting principles.

     The agreements related to the conduct of the companies' business in the
merger agreement are complicated and not easily summarized. We urge you to read
the sections of the merger agreement entitled "Conduct Prior to the Effective
Time" carefully.

NO OTHER NEGOTIATIONS

     Until the merger is completed or the merger agreement is terminated,
Interland has agreed not to take any of the following actions directly or
indirectly:

     - solicit or initiate the making, submission or announcement of any
       Acquisition Proposal, as defined below;

     - participate in any discussions or negotiations regarding any Acquisition
       Proposal;

     - furnish any non-public information with respect to any Acquisition
       Proposal;

     - take any other action to facilitate any inquiries or the making of any
       Acquisition Proposal;

     - engage in discussions with any person with respect to any Acquisition
       Proposal except as to the existence of these prohibitions;

     - approve, endorse or recommend any Acquisition Proposal; or

     - enter into any letter of intent or similar document or any contract,
       agreement or commitment relating to any Acquisition Proposal.

     However, if Interland receives an unsolicited, written, bona fide
Acquisition Proposal that its board of directors reasonably concludes, based on
written advice of a financial advisor of national standing, may constitute a
Superior Offer, as defined below, Interland may furnish non-public information
regarding it and may enter into discussions with the person or group who has
made that Acquisition Proposal, if:

     - neither Interland nor its representatives have violated the provisions
       otherwise restricting its negotiations with third parties or its
       furnishing non-public information to third parties;

     - Interland's board of directors concludes in good faith, after
       consultation with its outside legal counsel, that this action is required
       for the board of directors to meet its fiduciary obligations to
       Interland's shareholders under applicable law;

     - prior to furnishing non-public information to, or entering into any
       discussions with, a party making the Acquisition Proposal, Interland
       gives Micron Electronics written notice of the Acquisition Proposal,
       including the identity of the party making the Acquisition Proposal and
       the material terms and conditions of the Acquisition Proposal;

     - Interland gives Micron Electronics at least three business days' advance
       notice of its intent to furnish non-public information or enter into
       discussions; and

     - Interland furnishes the non-public information to Micron Electronics at
       the same time that Interland furnishes this information to the party
       making the Acquisition Proposal and the information furnished to the
       other party is subject to an agreement requiring the confidential
       treatment of that information on terms at least as restrictive as those
       governing the confidential information of Interland provided to Micron
       Electronics.

     Interland has agreed to inform Micron Electronics as promptly as
practicable as to any Acquisition Proposal, request for non-public information
that Interland reasonably believes would lead to an Acquisition Proposal or
inquiry that Interland reasonably should believe would lead to an Acquisition
Proposal. Interland has also agreed to inform Micron Electronics as to the
identity of the party making the Acquisition Proposal, request or inquiry, and
the material terms of the Acquisition Proposal, request or inquiry. Interland
also has agreed to keep Micron Electronics informed as promptly as practicable
in all material respects as to the status and details of any Acquisition
Proposal, request or inquiry.

     An ACQUISITION PROPOSAL is any offer or proposal by a third party relating
to:

     - the acquisition or purchase of more than a 20% interest in the total
       outstanding voting securities of Interland or any of its subsidiaries;

     - any tender offer or exchange offer, that, if consummated, would result in
       any person or group beneficially owning 20% or more of the total
       outstanding voting securities of Interland or any of its subsidiaries;

     - any merger, consolidation, business combination or similar transaction
       involving Interland under which shareholders of Interland immediately
       prior to the acquisition hold less than 80% of the equity interest in the
       resulting entity;

     - any sale, lease outside the ordinary course of business, exchange,
       transfer, license outside the ordinary course of business, or acquisition
       or disposition of more than 50% of the assets of Interland; or

     - any liquidation or dissolution of Interland.

     A SUPERIOR OFFER with respect to Interland is an unsolicited, bona fide
written proposal made by a third party to complete any of the following
transactions:

     - a merger or consolidation involving Interland under which the
       shareholders of Interland immediately preceding the transaction hold less
       than 50% of the equity interest in the surviving entity of the
       transaction; or

     - the acquisition by any person or group, including by way of a tender
       offer or an exchange offer or a two step transaction involving a tender
       offer followed with reasonable promptness by a merger involving
       Interland, directly or indirectly, of ownership of 100% of the then
       outstanding shares of capital stock of Interland

on terms that the board of directors of Interland determines, in its reasonable
judgment, based on the written advice of a financial advisor of national
standing, to be more favorable to Interland's shareholders than the terms of the
merger. An offer will not be a Superior Offer if any financing required to
complete the transaction is not committed and it is not likely, in the
reasonable judgment of Interland's board of directors, based on the advice of a
financial advisor of national standing, to be obtained on a timely basis.

     Interland's board of directors may, without breaching the merger agreement,
withhold, withdraw, amend or modify its recommendation in favor of the merger
proposal if:

     - a Superior Offer is made to Interland and is not withdrawn;

     - Interland provides written notice to Micron Electronics, including the
       identity of the party making the Superior Offer and specifying the
       material terms and conditions of the Superior Offer;

     - Micron Electronics does not, within five business days after receiving
       this written notice, make an offer that the board of directors of
       Interland determines by majority vote in its good faith judgment, based
       on written advice of a financial advisor of national standing, to be at
       least as favorable to Interland's shareholders as the Superior Offer;

     - Interland's board of directors concludes in good faith, after
       consultation with its outside legal counsel, that, in light of the
       Superior Offer, the withholding, withdrawal, amendment or modification of
       its recommendation is required for the board of directors to comply with
       its fiduciary obligations to Interland's shareholders under applicable
       law; and

     - Interland has not violated the provisions in the merger agreement related
       to the restrictions on its negotiations with third parties, its
       furnishing non-public info to third parties or related to calling
       shareholder meetings or soliciting proxies.

     Interland also agreed to provide Micron Electronics with prior notice of
any meeting of its board of directors at which Interland's board of directors is
reasonably expected to consider any Acquisition Proposal to determine whether it
is a Superior Offer. Even if the board of directors' recommendation is withheld,
withdrawn, amended or modified, Interland must nevertheless hold and convene the
shareholders meeting with respect to the proposed merger with Micron
Electronics.

PUBLIC DISCLOSURE

     Each of Micron Electronics and Interland will consult with the other and,
to the extent practicable, agree before issuing any press release or making any
public statement with respect to the merger, the merger agreement, or any
Acquisition Proposal.

EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS

     Micron Electronics and Interland will work together to agree upon mutually
acceptable employee benefit and compensation arrangements. Interland will
terminate its severance, separation, retention and salary continuation plans,
programs or arrangements prior to the effective time of the merger, subject to
limited exceptions.

CONDITIONS TO CLOSING THE MERGER

Conditions for each of Micron Electronics and Interland

     Each of Micron Electronics' and Interland's obligations to complete the
merger are subject to the satisfaction or waiver of each of the following
conditions before closing the merger:

     - the shareholders of Interland must approve the merger and approve and
       adopt the merger agreement;

     - the proposals to be voted upon at the Micron Electronics special meeting
       of shareholders shall have been approved by Micron Electronics
       shareholders;

     - all other actions necessary to elect the three nominees for election to
       the Micron Electronics board shall have occurred;

     - the registration statement of which this joint proxy statement/prospectus
       is a part shall be declared effective and no stop order suspending its
       effectiveness or the effectiveness of this joint proxy/ prospectus shall
       have been issued; and

     - no governmental entity shall have enacted or issued any law, regulation
       or order that has the effect of making the merger illegal, or otherwise
       prohibiting the closing of the merger.

Additional conditions for Interland to complete the merger

     Interland's obligations to complete the merger are subject to the
satisfaction or waiver of each of the following additional conditions:

     - Micron Electronics' and Imagine Acquisition Corporation's representations
       and warranties must be true and correct at and as of the date the merger
       is to be completed as if made at and as of that time, except:

      -- representations and warranties that address matters only as of a
         particular date, which must be true and correct, or true and correct as
         of that date;

      -- where the failure to be true and correct would not have a material
         adverse effect, defined below, on Micron Electronics or its HostPro
         business;

     - Micron Electronics must have performed or complied in all material
       respects with all of its agreements and covenants required by the merger
       agreement to be performed or complied with by it at or before closing the
       merger;

     - no material adverse effect with respect to Micron Electronics' HostPro
       business shall have occurred since March 22, 2001 and be continuing;

     - Micron Electronics shall have taken all action necessary to appoint to
       Micron Electronics' board of directors the two individuals nominated by
       Interland, and a third individual mutually agreed upon by Micron
       Electronics and Interland;

     - Micron Electronics shall have entered into an agreement to employ Ken
       Gavranovic and appointed him vice chairman of the combined company; and

     - Micron Electronics and Micron Technology, the majority shareholder of
       Micron Electronics prior to the merger, shall have entered into the MTI
       shareholder agreement.

Additional conditions for Micron Electronics to complete the merger

     Micron Electronics' obligations to complete the merger are subject to the
satisfaction or waiver of each of the following additional conditions:

     - Interland's representations and warranties must be true and correct as of
       the date the merger is to be completed as if made at and as of that time,
       except

      -- representations and warranties that address matters only as of a
         particular date, which must be true and correct, or true and correct as
         of that date;

      -- where the failure to be true and correct would not have a material
         adverse effect, defined below, on Interland;

     - Interland must have performed or complied in all material respects with
       all of its agreements and covenants required by the merger agreement to
       be performed or complied with by Interland at or before the closing of
       the merger;

     - no material adverse effect with respect to Interland shall have occurred
       since March 22, 2001 and be continuing;

     - there shall not be instituted or pending any action or proceeding by a
       governmental entity seeking to:

      -- restrain or prohibit the ownership or operation by Micron Electronics
         of all or any portion of Interland's business or for Micron Electronics
         to dispose of any of its or Interland's business or assets,

      -- seeking to impose limitations on the ability of Micron Electronics to
         exercise full ownership rights of the Interland stock, or

      -- seeking to require Micron Electronics to divest the shares of Interland
         common stock;

     - all required approvals and consents shall have been obtained unless the
       failure would not have a material adverse effect on the combined
       companies and the approvals and consents shall be on terms that are not
       reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the combined
       company;

     - Ken Gavranovic shall have accepted employment with Micron Electronics and
       appointment as its vice chairman;

     - specified shareholders of Interland shall have entered into the
       shareholder agreement with Micron Electronics and Micron Technology; and

     - all options to purchase shares of stock of HostPro, Inc., a wholly owned
       subsidiary of Micron Electronics, shall have been converted into options
       to purchase shares of Micron Electronics common stock.

     A MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT is defined to be any change, event, violation,
inaccuracy, circumstance or effect that is, or is reasonably likely to be,
adverse to the business, assets, capitalization, financial condition, operations
or results of operations of an entity taken as a whole with its subsidiaries. A
material adverse effect does not include a change, event, circumstance,
violation, inaccuracy or effect that results from:

     - changes in general economic conditions;

     - changes affecting the company's industry generally, so long as the change
       does not affect the entity in a substantially disproportionate manner;

     - changes in the market price of Micron Electronics or Interland common
       stock;

     - the announcement of the merger or the transactions contemplated by the
       merger agreement; or

     - with respect to Micron Electronics:

      -- the sale or continued operation of its PC Systems business or the
         SpecTek business; or

      -- the failure of Net Available Cash to equal or exceed $200.0 million at
         the closing of the merger.

TERMINATION OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT

     The merger agreement may be terminated at any time prior to closing the
merger, whether before or after the requisite shareholder approval:

     - by mutual written consent authorized by the boards of directors of Micron
       Electronics and Interland;

     - by either Micron Electronics or Interland, if the merger is not completed
       by November 30, 2001, except that the right to terminate the merger
       agreement under this provision is not available to any party whose action
       or failure to act has been a principal cause of or resulted in the
       failure of the merger to occur on or by November 30, 2001, and this
       action or failure to act constitutes a breach of the merger agreement;

     - by either Micron Electronics or Interland, if a governmental authority
       has issued an order, decree or ruling or taken any other action that is
       final and nonappealable, having the effect of permanently enjoining,
       restraining or prohibiting the merger;

     - by either Micron Electronics or Interland, if the merger is not approved
       by the shareholders of Interland, except that the right to terminate the
       merger agreement under this provision is not available to Interland where
       the failure to obtain shareholder approval was caused by an action or
       failure to act by Interland that constitutes a material breach of the
       merger agreement, or a breach of the voting agreement by any party other
       than Micron Electronics;

     - by either Micron Electronics or Interland if the proposals submitted to
       the Micron Electronics shareholders for the Micron Electronics special
       meeting of shareholders shall not have been approved by Micron
       Electronics' shareholders, except that the right to terminate the merger
       agreement under this provision is not available to Micron Electronics if
       the failure to obtain shareholder approval was caused by an action or
       failure to act by Micron Electronics that constitutes a material breach
       of the merger agreement;

     - by Micron Electronics at any time prior to the approval of the merger and
       approval and adoption of the merger agreement by the required vote of
       shareholders of Interland, if a Triggering Event, as described below,
       occurs;

     - by Interland, on the one hand, or Micron Electronics, on the other, upon
       a breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement on the
       part of the other in the merger agreement, or if any of the other's
       representations or warranties are or become untrue, so that the
       corresponding condition to closing would not be met. However, if the
       breach or inaccuracy is curable by the other through the exercise of its
       commercially reasonable efforts, and the other continues to exercise
       commercially reasonable efforts, then the other may not terminate the
       merger agreement if the breach or inaccuracy is cured within 30 days
       after delivery of the notice of breach or inaccuracy; or

     - by Interland if the Net Available Cash at closing is less than $100.0
       million, less the amount of the aggregate bridge loan amount made to
       Interland under to the bridge loan and security agreement further
       described under "Related Agreements -- Bridge loan and security
       agreement," provided particular conditions do not occur. This termination
       right will not be available to Interland if more than $10.0 million has
       been advanced to Interland under the bridge loan and security agreement.

     A TRIGGERING EVENT will occur if:

     - Interland's board of directors withdraws or amends or modifies in a
       manner adverse to Micron Electronics its unanimous recommendation in
       favor of the approval of the merger and adoption and approval of the
       merger agreement;

     - Interland fails to include in this joint proxy statement/prospectus the
       unanimous recommendation of its board of directors in favor of the
       approval of the merger and the adoption and approval of the merger
       agreement;

     - Interland's board of directors fails to reaffirm its unanimous
       recommendation in favor of the approval of the merger and the adoption
       and approval of the merger agreement within 10 business days after Micron
       Electronics requests in writing that this recommendation be reaffirmed at
       any time after the public announcement of an Acquisition Proposal;

     - Interland's board of directors or any committee of the board approves or
       publicly recommends any Acquisition Proposal;

     - Interland enters into a letter of intent or agreement accepting an
       Acquisition Proposal;

     - Interland materially breaches the provisions of the merger agreement
       restricting its negotiation with third parties or provision of non-public
       information or the provisions of the merger agreement relating to holding
       the Interland's shareholders meeting; or

     - if a tender or exchange offer relating to the securities of Interland is
       commenced by a person or entity unaffiliated with the Micron Electronics,
       and Interland does not send to its shareholders within 10 business days
       after the tender or exchange offer is first commenced a statement
       disclosing that Interland recommends rejection of the tender or exchange
       offer.

TERMINATION FEE

     Interland will be obligated to pay Micron Electronics a termination fee
equal to $3.5 million, plus an amount equal to the amount of any outstanding
amounts under the bridge loan up to $2.1 million, if Micron Electronics
terminates the merger agreement at any time prior to approval of the merger by
Interland's shareholders because a Triggering Event has occurred. This
termination fee is in addition to repaying the aggregate bridge loan amount
under the terms of the bridge loan and security agreement further described
under "Related Agreements -- Bridge loan and security agreement."

     If the merger agreement is terminated by either Interland or Micron
Electronics because the required approval of the merger by Interland's
shareholders was not obtained, or Micron Electronics terminates the merger
agreement due to a breach of a representation, warranty, covenant or agreement
of Interland, Interland is obligated to pay the termination fee described in the
previous paragraph, in the event that:

     - prior to termination of the merger agreement an Acquisition Proposal was
       publicly announced; and

     - within 12 months of the termination of the merger agreement, Interland:

      -- completes an Acquisition, as defined below; or

      -- enters into an agreement providing for an Acquisition, and that
         Acquisition is later consummated with the person with whom the
         agreement was entered into or an affiliate of that person, regardless
         of when it closes.

     Micron Electronics is obligated to pay Interland a termination fee equal to
$3.5 million if, due to the failure to obtain the approval of the proposals to
be voted upon at the Micron Electronics special meeting of shareholders by the
shareholders of Micron, the merger agreement is terminated and an Acquisition
Proposal is publicly announced prior to the termination of the merger agreement,
and within 12 months of the termination of the merger agreement, Micron
Electronics:

     - completes an Acquisition; or

     - enters into an agreement providing for an Acquisition and that
       Acquisition is later consummated with the person with whom the agreement
       was entered into or an affiliate of that person, regardless of when it
       closes.

     Any transaction contemplated by the merger agreement as well as the Micron
Electronics' contemplated changes are excluded from the definition of
Acquisition as it relates to Micron Electronics.

     An ACQUISITION is any of the following:

     - a merger, consolidation, business combination, recapitalization,
       liquidation, dissolution or similar transaction involving the applicable
       company in which the applicable company's shareholders immediately
       preceding the transaction hold less than 50% of the aggregate equity
       interests in the surviving entity of the transaction;

     - a sale or other disposition of assets representing in excess of 50% of
       the aggregate fair market value of the applicable company's business; or

     - the acquisition by any person or group, including by way of a tender
       offer or an exchange offer or issuance by the company, directly or
       indirectly, of beneficial ownership or a right to acquire beneficial
       ownership of shares representing in excess of 50% of the voting power of
       the then outstanding shares of capital stock of the applicable company.

AMENDMENT, EXTENSION AND WAIVER OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT

     Any party to this agreement may amend the merger agreement before closing
the merger by execution of a written instrument signed by each party, provided
that the party complies with applicable state law regarding resolicitation of
shareholder votes in amending the agreement. Either of the parties may extend
the other's time for the performance of any of the obligations or other acts
under the merger agreement, waive any inaccuracies in the other's
representations and warranties and waive compliance by the other with any of the
agreements or conditions contained in the merger agreement.

                               RELATED AGREEMENTS

     This section of the joint proxy statement/prospectus describes agreements
related to the merger agreement including the voting agreement, amended and
restated registration rights agreement, MTI registration rights agreement,
shareholder agreement, MTI shareholder agreement and bridge loan and security
agreement. While we believe that these descriptions cover the material terms of
these agreements, these summaries may not contain all of the information that is
important to you. The following descriptions are qualified by the terms of the
actual agreements, which are included in Micron Electronics' filings with the
Securities and Exchange Commission that are incorporated by reference into this
document.

VOTING AGREEMENT

     In connection with the execution of the merger agreement, Micron
Electronics, Micron Technology and some Interland shareholders entered into a
voting agreement, under which:

     - some Interland shareholders agreed to vote an aggregate of 17,994,964
       shares of Interland common stock held by them, constituting an aggregate
       of approximately 38% of Interland's outstanding common stock as of March
       15, 2001, in favor of the approval of the merger and the approval and
       adoption of the merger agreement and any other actions contemplated by
       the merger agreement and any actions required in furtherance of the
       merger. They also agreed to vote against any proposal made in opposition
       to or in competition with the merger or any action or agreement that
       would result in a breach of any covenant, representation or warranty or
       any other obligation or agreement of Interland under the merger agreement
       or of the shareholders under the voting agreement. Each of those
       Interland shareholders executed an irrevocable proxy to this effect with
       respect to the shares subject to the voting agreement.

     - Micron Technology agreed to vote the 58,622,863 shares of Micron
       Electronics common stock beneficially held by it, constituting
       approximately 61% of Micron Electronics' outstanding common stock:

      -- in favor of the approval of the merger and approval and adoption of the
         approval of the merger agreement;

      -- in favor of the issuance of Micron Electronics common stock in the
         merger;

      -- in favor of the amendment to Micron Electronics' articles of
         incorporation to increase the authorized number of shares of Micron
         Electronics capital stock to 200 million and change the name of Micron
         Electronics to "Interland, Inc.";

      -- in favor of the amendments to the bylaws to amend the term of the
         directors and authorize the board to decrease the size of the board;

      -- in favor of the proposal to increase the size of the Micron Electronics
         board to eight;

      -- in favor of the appointment of the new directors; and

      -- against approval of any proposal made in opposition to or in
         competition with the merger, including acquisitions of Micron
         Electronics, or any action or agreement that would result in a breach
         of any covenant, representation or warranty or any other obligation or
         of Micron Electronics under the merger agreement or of Micron
         Technology under the voting agreement.

     Micron Technology and those Interland shareholders also agreed not to offer
for sale, transfer or otherwise dispose of, or enter into any contract, option
or other arrangement to offer for sale, transfer or otherwise dispose of any of
their shares of Micron Electronics or Interland, as the case may be. To the
extent that Micron Technology or any of those Interland shareholders was a party
to an agreement to transfer their shares of Micron Electronics or Interland
common stock, as of the date of the Merger Agreement, that shareholder has
agreed not to transfer its shares unless the transferee agrees to be bound under
the terms of the voting agreement.

AMENDED AND RESTATED REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

     In connection with the execution of the merger agreement, Interland agreed
to use its best efforts to cause the parties to its existing registration rights
agreement to amend and restate that registration rights agreement. This
agreement will require Micron Electronics to file a registration statement
registering for public resale at least 25% of the registrable securities that
are held by the former Interland shareholders that are parties to this agreement
and Micron Technology, or a lesser percentage provided the aggregate offering
price exceeds $5.0 million, upon request by those shareholders. Micron
Electronics will only be required to effect one registration in any six-month
period. In addition, the parties to this agreement holding registrable
securities will be entitled to "piggyback" registration rights so as to be able
to include their shares of Micron Electronics common stock in a registration
statement filed by Micron Electronics.

MTI REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

     In connection with the execution of the merger agreement, Micron
Electronics, Interland and Micron Technology entered into an MTI registration
rights agreement under which Micron Electronics granted Micron Technology
registration rights with respect to the shares of Micron Electronics common
stock that Micron Technology owns. This agreement will require Micron
Electronics to file a registration statement registering for public resale at
least 25% of the shares of Micron Electronics common stock that are beneficially
owned by Micron Technology, or a lesser percentage provided the aggregate
offering price exceeds $5.0 million, upon the request of Micron Technology.
Micron Electronics will only be required to effect one registration in any
six-month period. In addition, Micron Technology will be entitled to "piggyback"
registration rights so as to be able to include its shares of Micron Electronics
common stock in a registration statement filed by Micron Electronics. This
agreement will be replaced by the amended and restated registration rights
agreement upon its execution as discussed above.

SHAREHOLDER AGREEMENT

     In connection with the execution of the merger agreement, Micron
Electronics, Joel J. Kocher and some Interland shareholders entered into a
shareholder agreement. Under this agreement, Mr. Kocher and several Interland
shareholders who will hold approximately 12% of the combined company's
outstanding shares of capital stock assuming an exchange ratio of 0.8610, agreed
not to sell the corresponding number of shares of Micron Electronics common
stock that they will own or receive in the merger, for a period of nine months
after the closing of the Merger. This agreement is subject to some exceptions,
which include but are not limited to, transfers:

     - to Micron Electronics;

     - in a public offering of Micron Electronics securities;

     - in response to a third party tender offer or exchange offer;

     - in a merger or consolidation; or

     - under a plan of liquidation approved by Micron Electronics.

     In addition, these shareholders are also permitted to transfer shares of
Micron Electronics common stock to any other person provided that the person
agrees to be bound by this shareholder agreement.

MTI SHAREHOLDER AGREEMENT

     In connection with the execution of the merger agreement, Micron
Electronics and Micron Technology entered into a MTI shareholder agreement.
Under this agreement Micron Technology agreed not to sell any shares of Micron
Electronics common stock beneficially held by it, for a period of nine

months after the closing of the merger. This agreement is subject to some
exceptions, which include but are not limited to, transfers:

     - to Micron Electronics;

     - in a public offering of Micron Electronics securities;

     - in response to a third party tender offer or exchange offer;

     - in a merger or consolidation; or

     - under to a plan of liquidation approved by Micron Electronics.

     In addition, Micron Technology is also permitted to transfer shares of
Micron Electronics common stock to any other person provided that the person
agrees to be bound by these resale restrictions of this MTI shareholder
agreement. Assuming an exchange ratio of 0.861, Micron Technology will hold
approximately 43% of the outstanding shares of the combined company.

     Micron Technology also agreed not to acquire additional voting securities
of Micron Electronics common stock or beneficial ownership of Micron Electronics
common stock for a period of 18 months after the closing of the merger, subject
to specific exceptions. Micron Technology also granted to Micron Electronics an
option to purchase, at any time after the closing of the merger until two years
after the closing of the merger, all outstanding shares of Micron Electronics
common stock held by Micron Technology in excess of 25% of Micron Electronics'
outstanding capital stock. The purchase price for this option will be the
average of the closing prices of the securities on a national securities
exchange or the Nasdaq National Market over the 20 trading day period ending two
days prior to the purchase of the stock under this option. The MTI shareholder
agreement also provides that Micron Technology will have the right to receive
information with respect to Micron Electronics so long as Micron Technology
holds at least 5% of the outstanding voting stock of Micron Electronics.

BRIDGE LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT

     In connection with the execution of the merger agreement, Micron
Electronics entered into a bridge loan and security agreement with Interland.
Under the terms of this agreement, if the closing of the merger has not occurred
prior to June 30, 2001, Micron Electronics has agreed to advance up to an
aggregate principal amount of $10.0 million to Interland between June 30, 2001
and August 30, 2001.

     In addition, if the closing of the merger has not occurred prior to August
31, 2001, Micron Electronics has agreed to advance up to an aggregate principal
amount of $20.0 million, including all amounts previously advanced under this
agreement, until the earlier to occur of:

     - the closing of the merger; or

     - the termination of the merger agreement.

     Interest accrues on amounts advanced under the bridge loan and security
agreement at the rate of 10% per year. Loans made under this agreement will be
secured by all the assets of Interland. These loans must also be repaid
regardless of whether the merger is completed.

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT ASSUMPTION AND AMENDMENT

     In connection with the execution of the merger agreement, Micron
Electronics and Kenneth Gavranovic, the current chairman and chief executive
officer of Interland, agreed to assume and amend the employment agreement dated
December 2, 1999, entered into by and between Interland and Kenneth Gavranovic.
Mr. Gavranovic will be employed as vice chairman and chief technical officer of
the combined company and will receive a base salary of $300,000 per year.

          UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION

     The following unaudited pro forma combined condensed financial information
has been prepared to give effect to the merger, to be accounted for using the
purchase method of accounting. The total estimated purchase price of the merger
has been allocated on a preliminary basis to assets and liabilities based on
management's best estimates of their fair value with the excess cost over the
net assets acquired allocated to goodwill. The adjustments to the unaudited pro
forma combined condensed financial information are subject to change pending a
final analysis of the total purchase price and the fair value of the assets and
liabilities assumed. The impact of these changes could be material.

     The unaudited pro forma combined condensed balance sheet as of March 1,
2001 gives effect to the merger as if it had occurred on March 1, 2001, and
combines the historical consolidated balance sheet of Micron Electronics as of
that date and the historical consolidated balance sheet of Interland as of March
31, 2001.

     The unaudited pro forma combined condensed statement of operations for the
year ended August 31, 2000 combines the historical consolidated statement of
operations of Micron Electronics for the year ended August 31, 2000 with the
historical consolidated statement of operations of Interland for the twelve
months ended September 30, 2000. The unaudited pro forma combined condensed
statement of operations for the six month period ended March 1, 2001, combines
the historical consolidated statement of operations of Micron Electronics for
the six months ended March 1, 2001 with the historical consolidated statement of
operations of Interland for the six months ended March 31, 2001.

     The unaudited pro forma combined condensed financial information is based
on estimates and assumptions. These estimates and assumptions are preliminary
and have been made solely for purposes of developing this pro forma information.
Unaudited pro forma combined financial information is presented for illustrative
purposes only and is not necessarily indicative of the combined financial
position or results of operations of future periods or the results that actually
would have been realized had the entities been a single entity during this
period. This unaudited pro forma combined financial information is based upon
the respective historical consolidated financial statements of Micron
Electronics and Interland and related notes thereto, included in this joint
proxy statement/prospectus or incorporated by reference and should be read in
conjunction with those statements and the related notes.

              UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED BALANCE SHEET
                                 (IN THOUSANDS)

                                                              HISTORICAL
                                                   --------------------------------
                                                       MICRON
                                                    ELECTRONICS        INTERLAND
                                                   --------------    --------------
                                                       AS OF             AS OF          PRO FORMA       PRO FORMA
                                                   MARCH 1, 2001     MARCH 31, 2001    ADJUSTMENTS      COMBINED
                                                   --------------    --------------    -----------      ---------

ASSETS
Cash and cash equivalents........................     $133,059         $  33,065        $               $166,124
Liquid investments...............................       64,906                --                          64,906
Restricted cash..................................           --             3,888                           3,888
Receivables, net.................................       17,676             1,177                          18,853
Deferred income taxes............................       21,402                --                          21,402
Other current assets.............................        1,598             6,164           (1,620)(a)      6,142
                                                      --------         ---------        ---------       --------
  Total current assets...........................      238,641            44,294           (1,620)       281,315
Property, plant and equipment, net...............       47,360            39,306            3,329(a)      89,995
Goodwill and intangibles, net....................       75,129               409           80,242(a)     155,780
Investments -- held to maturity..................        7,250                --                           7,250
Other assets.....................................        8,757               827                           9,584
Net assets of discontinued operations............        5,429                --                           5,429
                                                      --------         ---------        ---------       --------
  Total assets...................................     $382,566         $  84,836        $  81,951        549,353
                                                      ========         =========        =========       ========

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
Accounts payable and accrued expenses............     $ 14,459         $  14,063        $   4,500(a)    $ 35,422
                                                                                            2,400(a)
Current debt.....................................          852             6,748                           7,600
Deferred revenue.................................        4,812            13,835           (5,413)(a)     13,234
                                                      --------         ---------        ---------       --------
  Total current liabilities......................       20,123            34,646            1,487         56,256
Long term debt...................................           --             8,068                           8,068
Deferred income taxes............................       12,427                --                          12,427
Other liabilities................................        9,290             1,608            1,970(a)      12,868
                                                      --------         ---------        ---------       --------
  Total liabilities..............................       41,840            44,322            3,457         89,619
                                                      --------         ---------        ---------       --------
Shareholders' equity:
Common stock.....................................          969           145,887         (145,887)(a)      1,377
                                                                                              408(a)
Additional capital...............................      135,995                --          120,323(a)     256,318
Warrants.........................................           --            18,280          (18,280)(a)         --
Deferred costs...................................           --           (20,584)          20,584(a)      (1,723)
                                                                                           (1,723)(a)
Retained earnings (accumulated deficit)..........      203,762          (103,069)         103,069(a)     203,762
                                                      --------         ---------        ---------       --------
  Total shareholders' equity.....................      340,726            40,514           78,494        459,734
                                                      --------         ---------        ---------       --------
  Total liabilities and shareholders' equity.....     $382,566         $  84,836        $  81,951       $549,353
                                                      ========         =========        =========       ========

   See accompanying Notes to Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Condensed Financial
                                  Statements.

         UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS
                     (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)

                                                              HISTORICAL
                                                    -------------------------------
                                                       MICRON
                                                     ELECTRONICS       INTERLAND
                                                    -------------    --------------
                                                           SIX MONTHS ENDED
                                                    -------------------------------     PRO FORMA       PRO FORMA
                                                    MARCH 1, 2001    MARCH 31, 2001    ADJUSTMENTS      COMBINED
                                                    -------------    --------------    -----------      ---------

Revenues..........................................    $ 27,992          $ 21,274        $               $ 49,266
Cost of revenues..................................      18,724            22,654          (2,953)(d)      38,885
                                                                                             275(b)
                                                                                             185(b)
                                                      --------          --------        --------        --------
  Gross margin....................................       9,268            (1,380)          2,493          10,381
Costs and expenses:
  Sales, marketing and technical support..........      18,251            15,409           3,888(d)       42,217
                                                                                           4,606(b)
                                                                                              63(b)
  General and administrative......................      19,096            15,268           4,583(d)       39,079
                                                                                             132(b)
  Depreciation and amortization...................          --             5,518          (5,518)(d)          --
  Goodwill amortization...........................       3,562                --           6,931(b)       10,493
  Other expense (income), net.....................         536                --                             536
                                                      --------          --------        --------        --------
  Total costs and expenses........................      41,445            36,195          14,685          92,325
                                                      --------          --------        --------        --------
Operating loss....................................     (32,177)          (37,575)        (12,192)        (81,944)
Other.............................................       1,618                --                           1,618
Interest income, net..............................       4,407               625                           5,032
                                                      --------          --------        --------        --------
Loss from continuing operations before taxes......     (26,152)          (36,950)        (12,192)        (75,294)
Income tax benefit................................       8,070                --          (8,070)(e)          --
                                                      --------          --------        --------        --------
Loss from continuing operations...................    $(18,082)         $(36,950)       $(20,262)       $(75,294)
                                                      ========          ========        ========        ========
Loss from continuing operations per share:
  Basic and diluted...............................    $  (0.19)         $  (0.79)                       $  (0.55)
Number of shares used in per share calculations:
  Basic and diluted...............................      96,734            46,724          40,767(c)      137,501
                                                                                         (46,724)(c)

   See accompanying Notes to Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Condensed Financial
                                  Statements.

         UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS
                     (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)

                                                      HISTORICAL
                                         ------------------------------------
                                             MICRON
                                           ELECTRONICS         INTERLAND
                                         ---------------   ------------------
                                                 TWELVE MONTHS ENDED
                                         ------------------------------------    PRO FORMA       PRO FORMA
                                         AUGUST 31, 2000   SEPTEMBER 30, 2000   ADJUSTMENTS      COMBINED
                                         ---------------   ------------------   -----------      ---------

Revenues...............................     $ 32,862            $ 27,697         $               $  60,559
Cost of revenues.......................       24,335              25,407           (5,551)(d)       49,315
                                                                                    4,754(b)
                                                                                      370(b)
                                            --------            --------         --------        ---------
  Gross margin.........................        8,527               2,290              427           11,244
Costs and expenses:
  Sales, marketing and technical
     support...........................       26,157              31,208            6,408(d)        73,111
                                                                                    9,213(b)
                                                                                      125(b)
  General and administrative...........       23,640              21,590            3,273(d)        51,470
                                                                                    2,967(b)
  Depreciation and amortization........                            4,130           (4,130)(d)
  Goodwill amortization................        4,920                  --           13,863(b)        18,783
  Other expense (income), net..........          634                  --                               634
                                            --------            --------         --------        ---------
  Total costs and expenses.............       55,351              56,928           31,719          143,998
                                            --------            --------         --------        ---------
Operating loss.........................      (46,824)            (54,638)         (31,292)        (132,754)
Other..................................         (592)                 --                              (592)
Interest income, net...................       11,476                 810                            12,286
                                            --------            --------         --------        ---------
Loss from continuing operations before
  taxes................................      (35,940)            (53,828)         (31,292)        (121,060)
Income tax benefit.....................        9,748                  --           (9,748)(e)           --
                                            --------            --------         --------        ---------
Loss from continuing operations........     $(26,192)           $(53,828)        $(41,040)       $(121,060)
                                            ========            ========         ========        =========
Loss from continuing operations per
  share:
  Basic and diluted....................     $  (0.27)           $  (1.99)                        $   (0.88)
Number of shares used in per share
  calculations:
  Basic and diluted....................       96,447              27,058           40,767(c)       137,214
                                                                                  (27,058)(c)

   See accompanying Notes to Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Condensed Financial
                                  Statements.

                NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED
                              FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE 1. UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED BALANCE SHEET

     The pro forma combined condensed balance sheet gives effect to the merger
as if it had occurred on March 1, 2001 with respect to the balance sheet of
Micron Electronics or on March 31, 2001, with respect to the balance sheet of
Interland.

     On March 23, 2001, Micron Electronics announced it would acquire all the
outstanding common stock of Interland by issuing 0.8610 shares of Micron
Electronics common stock in exchange for each share of Interland common stock.
In addition, Micron Electronics will issue options and warrants to purchase
shares of Micron Electronics common stock in exchange for each issued and
outstanding Interland option and warrant using the ratio of 0.8610 shares of
Micron Electronics for each share of Interland. The exchange ratio could be
adjusted as provided in the merger agreement. The following adjustments have
been reflected in the unaudited pro forma combined condensed balance sheet:

          (a) To record common stock, options and warrants issued to the
     shareholders of Interland, the elimination of Interland equity and the
     application of purchase accounting.

     Under purchase accounting, the total purchase price will be allocated to
Interland's assets and liabilities based on their fair values as required by
Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 16, Business Combinations. The
allocations are subject to valuations as of the date of the consummation of the
merger. The amounts and components of the estimated purchase price along with
the preliminary allocation of the estimated purchase price to net assets
purchased are presented below.

     The assumed total purchase price of approximately $125.2 million consists
of approximately 40.8 million shares of Micron Electronics' common stock assumed
to be issued with an estimated fair value of $112.7 million, 9.6 million vested
and unvested stock options and warrants with an estimated fair value of $8.1
million, and estimated direct transaction costs of approximately $4.5 million.
The 40.8 million shares of Micron Electronics common stock to be issued is based
upon 47,348,585 shares of Interland common stock outstanding at March 31, 2001
at the exchange ratio of 0.861. The fair value of Micron Electronics' common
stock was determined as the average market price from March 21, 2001 to March
27, 2001, which includes two trading days prior and two trading days subsequent
to the public announcement of the merger. The fair value of the common stock
options and warrants were estimated using the Black Scholes option pricing model
with the following weighted-average assumptions: risk-free interest rate of
4.5%, expected lives of 3.5 and 3.1 years, respectively, expected dividend rate
of 0%, and volatility of 76%.

Purchase Price

                                                         (IN THOUSANDS)

Common stock...........................................     $    408
Additional paid-in capital.............................      112,273
Fair value of options and warrants.....................        8,050
Transaction costs......................................        4,500
                                                            --------
                                                            $125,231
                                                            ========

     The total purchase price will be allocated to assets acquired, including
tangible and intangible assets, and liabilities assumed based on the fair value
of such assets and liabilities on the date of acquisition. A valuation of the
intangible assets, fixed assets and deferred revenue is being conducted by an
independent third-party appraisal company and is expected to be completed prior
to closing. In addition, management is in the process of assessing and
formulating its integration plans, which are expected to include employee
separations and eliminations of duplicate facilities. The finalization of these
plans could result in a material

                NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED
                        FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

change to the estimated accrual for elimination of duplicate resources and
related costs. While the exact amount is not known management currently
estimates the amount to be approximately $2.4 million.

Allocation of Purchase Price

Net historical book value of assets acquired, net of
  liabilities assumed..................................     $ 40,514
Excess of fair value of property, plant and equipment
  over historical book value...........................        3,329
Adjust historical deferred revenue and related costs to
  fair value:
  Other current assets.................................       (1,620)
  Deferred revenue.....................................        5,413
  Other liabilities....................................       (1,970)
Accrual for elimination of duplicate resources and
  related costs........................................       (2,400)
Deferred costs relating to warrant agreements..........        1,723
Intangible assets:
  Workforce in place...................................        7,400
  Interland's tradename................................        4,800
  Reseller arrangements................................        1,000
  Technology in place..................................       12,000
  Goodwill.............................................       55,042
                                                            --------
Net assets acquired....................................     $125,231
                                                            ========

     The actual allocation of the purchase price will depend upon the
composition of Interland's net assets on the closing date and Micron
Electronics' evaluation of the fair value of the net assets as of that date.
Additionally, as discussed elsewhere in this proxy statement/prospectus, the
exchange ratio of 0.861 shares of Micron Electronics common stock for each share
of Interland common stock could be adjusted as provided in the merger agreement
in the event that Micron Electronics' cash and cash equivalents, including any
amounts to be received by Micron Electronics for tax refunds, less the amount of
any liabilities and related reserves that do not relate to its HostPro business
are less than $200 million minus the amount of any bridge loan made by Micron
Electronics to Interland as of the closing of the merger. Consequently, the
purchase price and the actual allocation of the purchase price will differ from
that presented above.

NOTE 2. UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS

     The unaudited pro forma combined condensed statement of operations gives
effect to the merger as if it had occurred at the beginning of the periods
presented.

     The following adjustments have been reflected in the unaudited pro forma
combined condensed statement of operations:

          (b) Adjustment to record additional depreciation on revalued property,
     plant and equipment, deferred costs relating to warrant agreements and
     amortization of goodwill and intangible assets resulting from the
     allocation of the purchase price. The pro forma adjustment assumes
     goodwill, other

                NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED
                        FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

     intangible assets and deferred costs will be amortized on a straight-line
     basis over the following estimated lives:

Workforce in place..........................................          3.0 years
Technology in place.........................................          1.5 years
Interland trade name........................................          4.0 years
Reseller agreements.........................................  0.75 to 2.3 years
Goodwill....................................................          4.0 years
Deferred costs..............................................   2.3 to 4.4 years

     The ultimate lives assigned will be determined at the date of acquisition
based on the facts and circumstances existing at that date.

          (c) To reflect the estimated shares of Micron Electronics' common
     stock to be issued as consideration for the merger and to eliminate
     Interland weighted average shares.

          (d) To reclassify certain amounts to conform with Micron Electronics'
     presentation.

          (e) To eliminate Micron Electronics' income tax benefit. It is assumed
     that the combined entity will not meet the requirements to recognize the
     benefit of net operating losses as income from the discontinued operations
     will not be available to offset losses from continuing operations in future
     periods.

NOTE 3. NET ASSETS OF DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS

     The sale of the PC Systems and SpecTek businesses are described more fully
elsewhere in this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

     Consistent with accounting for discontinued operations, Micron Electronics
recorded an estimate of future operating losses from the PC Systems business
between March 2, 2001 and May 31, 2001, the expected completion date of the
sale, and an estimate of the loss on disposal of the discontinued operation.
This estimated loss recorded in the second fiscal quarter ended March 1, 2001
was $147.5 million. Based on the final terms of the agreement to sell the PC
Systems business, the revised estimated loss is approximately $170.5 million.
Management believes that these estimates are reasonable; however, they are based
on preliminary data and are subject to revision.

     On March 22, 2001, Micron Electronics entered into a Purchase Agreement to
sell all assets primarily used by SpecTek and certain land, buildings and
intellectual property assets used primarily by the PC Systems business to MTI.
This disposal of this business will be recorded during Micron Electronics' third
fiscal quarter of 2001.

     The net assets of discontinued operations consists of the assets and
liabilities of the discontinued operations, including estimated future operating
losses and loss on disposal, as of March 1, 2001.

                NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED
                        FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

     A summary of the net assets of discontinued operations as of March 1, 2001
follows:

                                                           PC SYSTEMS    SPECTEK       TOTAL
                                                           ----------    --------    ---------

ASSETS
Cash and equivalents...................................    $  84,202     $     --    $  84,202
Receivables............................................      104,123       38,430      142,553
Inventories............................................       16,281       29,764       46,045
Other current assets...................................        9,524           --        9,524
Property, plant and equipment, net.....................      130,241       34,913      165,154
Other assets...........................................        7,551          469        8,020
                                                           ---------     --------    ---------
Total assets...........................................      351,922      103,576      455,498
                                                           ---------     --------    ---------

LIABILITIES
Accounts payable and accrued expenses..................      147,959      128,323      276,282
Other liabilities......................................       20,668          219       20,887
                                                           ---------     --------    ---------
Total liabilities......................................      168,627      128,542      297,169
                                                           ---------     --------    ---------
Provision for losses, before tax benefit...............      152,900           --      152,900
                                                           ---------     --------    ---------
Net assets of discontinued operations..................    $  30,395     $(24,966)   $   5,429
                                                           =========     ========    =========

     Subsequent to March 1, 2001, based on the final terms of the agreement to
sell the PC Systems business, the estimated loss from discontinued operations
was increased approximately $23 million.

                    COMPARATIVE PER SHARE MARKET PRICE DATA

     Micron Electronics common stock has been traded on the Nasdaq National
Market under the symbol MUEI since April 10, 1995. Interland common stock has
been traded on the Nasdaq National Market under the symbol ILND since July 25,
2000, the date of Interland's initial public offering.

     The following table sets forth, for the quarters indicated, the high and
low sale prices per share of Micron Electronics common stock and Interland
common stock as reported on the Nasdaq National Market.

                                                              MICRON ELECTRONICS
                                                                 COMMON STOCK
                                                              ------------------
                                                               HIGH        LOW
                                                              -------    -------

Fiscal Year Ended August 31, 1999:
  First Quarter.............................................  $24.75     $13.38
  Second Quarter............................................   22.63      11.25
  Third Quarter.............................................   13.13       9.38
  Fourth Quarter............................................   12.03       9.00
Fiscal Year Ended August 31, 2000:
  First Quarter.............................................  $13.75     $ 9.56
  Second Quarter............................................   13.31       9.81
  Third Quarter.............................................   20.69       8.19
  Fourth Quarter............................................   14.44       9.19
Fiscal Year Ending August 31, 2001:
  First Quarter.............................................  $14.44     $ 5.25
  Second Quarter............................................    5.00       3.03
  Third Quarter (through May 17)............................    4.00       1.50

                                                                 INTERLAND
                                                               COMMON STOCK
                                                              ---------------
                                                               HIGH      LOW
                                                              ------    -----

Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2000:
  Third Quarter (beginning July 25, 2000)...................  $12.00    $6.19
  Fourth Quarter............................................    8.63     1.75
Fiscal Year Ending December 31, 2001:
  First Quarter.............................................    3.75     1.06
  Second Quarter (through May 17)...........................    1.88     1.11

     The following table sets forth the closing prices per share of Micron
Electronics common stock and Interland common stock as reported on the Nasdaq
National Market on (1) March 22, 2001, the business day preceding public
announcement that Micron Electronics and Interland had entered into the merger
agreement and (2)             , 2001, the last full trading day for which
closing prices were available at the time of the printing of this joint proxy
statement/prospectus.

     This table also sets forth the equivalent price per share of Interland
common stock on those dates. The equivalent price per share is equal to the
closing price of a share of Micron Electronics common stock on that date
multiplied by 0.8610, the number of shares of Micron Electronics common stock to
be issued in exchange for each share of Interland common stock.

                                                                                     EQUIVALENT
                                              INTERLAND        MICRON ELECTRONICS     PER SHARE
                                             COMMON STOCK         COMMON STOCK          PRICE
                                           ----------------    ------------------    -----------

March 22, 2001...........................       $1.75                $3.44              $2.96
            , 2001.......................       $                    $                  $

     Micron Electronics and Interland believe that Interland common stock
presently trades on the basis of the value of the Micron Electronics common
stock expected to be issued in exchange for the Interland common stock in the
merger, discounted primarily for the uncertainties associated with the merger.

     Apart from the factors described in publicly disclosed information
concerning Micron Electronics that is included or incorporated by reference in
this joint proxy statement/prospectus, Micron Electronics cannot state with
certainty what factors account for changes in the market price of the Micron
Electronics common stock.

     Interland shareholders are advised to obtain current market quotations for
Micron Electronics common stock and Interland common stock. No assurance can be
given as to the market prices of Micron Electronics common stock or Interland
common stock at any time before the consummation of the merger or as to the
market price of Micron Electronics common stock at any time after the merger.
The exchange ratio will not be adjusted to compensate Interland shareholders for
decreases in the market price of Micron Electronics common stock that could
occur before the merger becomes effective. In the event the market price of
Micron Electronics common stock decreases or increases prior to the consummation
of the merger, the value of the Micron Electronics common stock to be received
in the merger in exchange for Interland common stock would correspondingly
decrease or increase.

     Micron Electronics and Interland have never paid cash dividends on their
shares of capital stock. Under the merger agreement, each of Micron Electronics
and Interland has agreed not to pay cash dividends pending the consummation of
the merger, without written consent of the other. If the merger is not
consummated, the Interland board of directors presently intends that it would
continue its policy of retaining all earnings to finance the expansion of its
business. The Micron Electronics board of directors presently intends to retain
all earnings for use in its business and has no present intention to pay cash
dividends before or after the merger.

                       COMPARISON OF RIGHTS OF HOLDERS OF
                      MICRON ELECTRONICS COMMON STOCK AND
                             INTERLAND COMMON STOCK

     This section of the joint proxy statement/prospectus describes differences
between Micron Electronics common stock and Interland common stock. While we
believe that the description covers the material differences between the two,
this summary may not contain all of the information that is important to you,
including the articles of incorporation and bylaws of each company. You should
read this entire document and the other documents we refer to carefully for a
more complete understanding of the differences between Micron Electronics common
stock and Interland common stock. You may obtain the information incorporated by
reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus without charge by following
the instructions in the section entitled "Where You Can Find More Information"
on page 1.

     Micron Electronics is incorporated in the State of Minnesota and Interland
is incorporated in the State of Georgia. Shareholders of Interland will hold
Micron Electronics common stock rather than Interland common stock. Therefore,
the rights of these shareholders will be governed by Minnesota law, and the
provisions of the Micron Electronics articles of incorporation and bylaws,
rather than the Interland articles of incorporation and the Interland bylaws.

POWER TO CALL SPECIAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS

     Georgia law permits a special meeting of shareholders to be called by:

     - the board of directors or the persons authorized to do so by the articles
       or bylaws; or

     - the written demand or demands delivered to the corporation of holders of
       at least 25%, or such other percentage as may be provided in the articles
       or bylaws, of all the votes entitled to be cast on any issue proposed to
       be considered at the proposed special meeting.

     The Interland bylaws provide that the chairman of the board of directors or
the president may call a special meeting at any time. However, the president or
the secretary must call a special meeting either when directed by the board of
directors or at the written request of shareholders owning at least 25% of the
outstanding shares entitled to vote at the meeting.

     Minnesota law permits special meetings to be called by the chief executive
officer, chief financial officer, two or more directors, a person authorized in
the articles or bylaws to call special meetings, or a shareholder or
shareholders holding 10% or more of the voting power of all shares entitled to
vote. A special meeting for the purpose of considering any action to facilitate
or effect a business combination, however, including any action to change or
otherwise affect the composition of the board of directors for that purpose,
must be called by 25% or more of the voting power of all shares entitled to
vote. The Micron Electronics bylaws do not differ from the Minnesota statute.

ACTIONS BY WRITTEN CONSENT OF SHAREHOLDERS

     Under Georgia law, action required or permitted to be taken at a
shareholders' meeting may be taken without a meeting if the action is taken by
all the shareholders entitled to vote on the action or, if so provided in the
articles, by persons who would be entitled to vote at a meeting shares having
voting power to cast not less than the minimum number (or numbers, in the case
of voting groups) of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take the
action at a meeting at which all shareholders entitled to vote were present and
voted. The action must be evidenced by one or more written consents bearing the
date of signature and describing the action taken, signed by shareholders
entitled to take action without a meeting and delivered to the corporation for
inclusion in the minutes or filing with the corporate records.

     Under Minnesota law, any action which may be taken at a meeting may be
taken without a meeting by written consent signed by all of the shareholders
entitled to vote on that action. Unless the written action provides otherwise,
it becomes effective when signed by all those shareholders.

INSPECTION OF SHAREHOLDER LIST

     Georgia law provides that a shareholders' list must be available for
inspection by any shareholder, or such person's agent or attorney at the time
and place of the meeting.

     Minnesota law provides that a shareholder, beneficial owner or a holder of
a voting trust certificate of a publicly held corporation has, upon written
demand stating the purpose, a right at any reasonable time to examine and copy
the corporation's share register and other corporate records reasonably related
to the stated purpose and described with reasonable particularity in the written
demand upon demonstrating the stated purpose to be proper.

SHAREHOLDER VOTING ON BUSINESS COMBINATIONS

Statutory mergers

     Under Georgia law, unless the articles of incorporation, the bylaws, or the
board of directors requires a greater vote or a vote by voting groups, the plan
of merger or share exchange to be authorized must be approved by (1) a majority
of all the votes entitled to be cast on the plan by all shares entitled to vote
on the plan, voting as a single voting group; and (2) a majority of all the
votes entitled to be cast by holders of the shares of each voting group entitled
to vote separately on the plan as a voting group by the articles of
incorporation.

     Action by the shareholders of the surviving corporation on a plan of merger
or by the shareholders of the acquiring corporation in a share exchange, is not
required if:

     - the articles of incorporation of the surviving or acquiring corporation
       will not differ from its articles before the merger or share exchange;

     - each share of stock of the surviving or acquiring corporation outstanding
       immediately before the effective date of the merger or share exchange is
       to be an identical outstanding or reacquired share immediately after the
       merger or share exchange; and

     - the number and kind of shares outstanding immediately after the merger or
       share exchange, plus the number and kind of shares issuable as a result
       of the merger or share exchange and by the conversion of securities
       issued pursuant to the merger or share exchange, or the exercise of
       rights and warrants issued pursuant to the merger or share exchange, will
       not exceed the total number and kind of shares of the surviving or
       acquiring corporation authorized by its articles of incorporation
       immediately before the merger or share exchange.

     Under Minnesota law the plan of merger shall be submitted at a meeting to
the shareholders of each constituent corporation. At the meeting, a vote of the
owners must be taken on the proposed plan. The plan of merger is adopted when
approved by the holders of a majority of all shares entitled to vote.

     Submission of a plan of merger to a vote at a meeting of shareholders of a
surviving corporation is not required if:

     - the articles of the corporation will not be amended in the transaction;

     - each holder of shares of the corporation that were outstanding
       immediately before the effective time of the transaction will hold the
       same number of shares with identical rights immediately thereafter;

     - the voting power of the outstanding shares of the corporation entitled to
       vote immediately after the merger, plus the voting power of the shares of
       the corporation entitled to vote issuable on conversion of or on the
       exercise of rights to purchase, securities issued in the transaction,
       will not exceed by more than 20%, the voting power of the outstanding
       shares of the corporation entitled to vote immediately before the
       transaction; and

     - the number of participating shares of the corporation immediately after
       the merger, plus the number of participating shares of the corporation
       issuable on conversion of, or on the exercise of

       rights to purchase, securities issued in the transaction, will not exceed
       by more than 20% the number of participating shares of the corporation
       immediately before the transaction.

Sale of assets

     Both Georgia and Minnesota law require that a sale of all or substantially
all of the assets of a corporation be approved by a majority of the outstanding
voting shares of the corporation transferring such assets.

CLASS VOTING

     Georgia law requires that mergers be approved by a majority of all the
votes entitled to be cast by holders of the shares of each voting group entitled
to vote separately on the plan as a voting group by the articles of
incorporation.

     In addition, Georgia law as well as Minnesota law provides that shares of a
class or series not otherwise entitled to vote on the merger are entitled to
vote on a plan of merger if the plan contains a provision that, if contained in
a proposed amendment to the articles of incorporation, would require action by
that class or series of shares voting as a separate group on the proposed
amendment.

SHAREHOLDER APPROVAL OF BUSINESS COMBINATIONS

     Georgia regulates business combinations with interested shareholders. The
restrictive period for these transactions is five years, with limited
exceptions. The requirements of this part of the Georgia Business Corporation
Code do not apply to business combinations of a corporation unless the bylaws of
the corporation specifically provide that all of such requirements are
applicable to the corporation. The bylaws of Interland are silent regarding
these requirements.

     Minnesota law provides that an issuing public corporation may not engage in
any business combination or aid a subsidiary in doing so for a four-year period
following the interested shareholder's share acquisition date unless the
combination is approved prior to that date by a board committee of the issuing
public corporation.

CUMULATIVE VOTING

     In an election of directors under cumulative voting, each share of stock
normally having one vote is entitled to a number of votes equal to the number of
directors to be elected. A shareholder may then cast all such votes for a single
candidate or may allocate them among as many candidates as the shareholder may
choose. Without cumulative voting, the holders of a majority of the shares
present at an annual meeting or any special meeting held to elect directors
would have the power to elect all the directors to be elected at that meeting,
and no person could be elected without the support of holders of a majority of
the shares voting at such meeting.

     Georgia law provides that shareholders do not have a right to cumulate
their votes for directors unless the articles so provide. If the articles so
provide a shareholder may cumulate votes in the election of directors if the
meeting notice or Proxy Statement accompanying the notice states that cumulative
voting will be in effect or upon proper notice of his or her intention to do so.
The Interland bylaws state that shareholders do not have a right to cumulate
their votes for directors.

     Minnesota law provides that unless the articles do not permit cumulative
voting, shareholders may cumulate their votes in the election of directors by
giving written notice of intent to do so to any officer before the meeting, or
to the presiding officer at the meeting at which the election is to occur. The
Micron Electronics articles provide that there shall be no cumulative voting by
the shareholders of the corporation.

SHAREHOLDER DERIVATIVE SUITS

     Under Georgia law, a shareholder may not commence or maintain a derivative
proceeding unless the shareholder:

     - was a shareholder of the corporation at the time of the act or omission
       complained of or became a shareholder through transfer by operation of
       law from one who was a shareholder at that time; and

     - fairly and adequately represents the interests of the corporation in
       enforcing the right of the corporation.

     In order to commence a derivative proceeding the shareholder must first
make a written demand on the corporation to take suitable action and wait 90
days from the date the demand was made or until the demand is rejected by the
corporation or unless irreparable injury would result to the corporation by
waiting for the expiration of the 90 day period.

     Minnesota law provides no specific statutory provisions dealing with
shareholder derivative suits.

DISSENTERS' RIGHT OF APPRAISAL

     Under Georgia law and Minnesota law, a shareholder of a corporation
participating in some major corporate transactions may, under varying
circumstances, be entitled to dissenters' right of appraisal under which such
shareholder may receive cash in the amount of the fair market value of the
shares held by such shareholder in lieu of the consideration such shareholder
would otherwise receive in the transaction. The fair market value of the shares
is determined by either a court or an agreement between the corporation and the
shareholder. The limitations on the availability of dissenters' rights under
Georgia law are different from those under Minnesota law.

     There is no right of dissent in Georgia in favor of the holder of shares of
any class or series that, at the record date fixed to determine the shareholders
entitled to receive notice of and to vote at a meeting at which a plan of merger
is to be acted on, were either listed on a national securities exchange or held
of record by more than 2,000 shareholders, unless specified requirements are
met.

     Under Minnesota law, unless the articles, the bylaws, or a resolution
approved by the board of directors otherwise provide, if the shareholder's
shares are not entitled to be voted on the merger, the right to obtain payment
does not apply to a shareholder of the surviving corporation in a merger, with
respect to shares of the shareholder that are not entitled to be voted on the
merger and are not canceled or exchanged in the merger.

DIVIDENDS AND REPURCHASES OF SHARES

     Under Georgia law there are no specific statutory provisions dealing with
dividend sources. Georgia law provides that no distribution may be made if,
after giving it effect either:

     - the corporation would not be able to pay its debts as they become due in
       the usual course of business; or

     - the corporation's total assets would be less than the sum of its total
       liabilities plus (unless the articles permit otherwise) the amount that
       would be needed, if the corporation were to be dissolved at the time of
       the distribution, to satisfy the preferential rights upon dissolution of
       shareholders whose preferential rights are superior to those receiving
       the distribution.

     In addition, Georgia law generally provides that a corporation may acquire
its own shares.

     The Interland bylaws provide that distributions upon the shares of the
corporation may by declared by the board of directors at any regular or special
meeting, pursuant to law. Before payment of any distribution, there may be set
aside out of any funds of the corporation available for dividends such sum as
the directors, in their absolute discretion, think proper as a reserve.

     Under Minnesota law, permissible sources for the payment of dividends are
not specified in the statute. Minnesota law provides that distributions may be
made only if the corporation will be able to pay its debts in the ordinary
course of business after doing so. A determination that the corporation will be
able to pay such debts is presumed to be proper if such determination is made on
the basis of financial information prepared in accordance with accounting or
other methods reasonable under the circumstances.

     A corporation may also acquire its own shares, subject to the statutory
restrictions on corporate distributions and share purchases from five-percent
beneficial owners.

     The Micron Electronics bylaws state that the board may declare dividends
whenever and in such amounts as it deems advisable.

SIZE OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

     Under Georgia law a board of directors must consist of one or more
individuals, with the number specified or fixed in accordance with the articles
or bylaws. The articles or bylaws may authorize the shareholders or the board of
directors to fix or change the number or may establish a variable range for the
size of the board of directors by fixing a minimum and maximum number of
directors. If a variable range is established, the number of directors may be
fixed or changed from time to time, within the minimum and maximum, by the
shareholders or, if the articles or bylaws so provide, the board of directors.
The Interland bylaws set the number of directors at not less than five nor more
than fifteen, the number to be determined from time to time by resolution of
Interland's board of directors or shareholders.

     Under Minnesota law a corporation must have one or more directors. The
number is set in the manner provided in the bylaws or articles of incorporation
and may be changed by amendment to or in the manner provided in the articles or
bylaws. The Micron Electronics bylaws provide that the number of directors will
be established by resolution of the shareholders subject to the authority of the
board of directors to increase or decrease the number of directors as permitted
by law. If the proposed amendment to the Micron Electronics' bylaws is approved,
the Micron Electronics board will be authorized to reduce its size.

CLASSIFIED BOARD OF DIRECTORS

     A classified board of directors is one in which a particular number of
directors, but not necessarily all, are elected on a rotating basis each year.

     Georgia law permits the articles or bylaws of a corporation to provide for
a classified board of directors, under which the directors can be divided into
as many as three classes with staggered terms of office, with only one class of
directors standing for election each year. The Interland articles and bylaws
provide for a classified board of directors.

     Minnesota law provides that directors may be divided into classes as
provided in the articles or bylaws. A fixed term of a director must not be
longer than five years. If the proposed amendment to the Micron Electronics'
bylaws is approved, the Micron Electronics board members will have terms of at
least two years from one closing date of the merger, with an indefinite term
after that time. Neither the Micron Electronics articles nor the Micron
Electronics bylaws provide for a classified board of directors.

REMOVAL OF DIRECTORS

     Under Georgia law, the shareholders may remove directors with or without
cause unless the articles or a bylaw adopted by the shareholders provides that
directors may be removed only for cause. If a director is elected by a voting
group of shareholders, only the shareholders of that voting group may
participate in the vote to remove that director. If cumulative voting is
authorized, a director may not be removed if the number of votes sufficient to
elect the director under cumulative voting is voted against the director's
removal. If cumulative voting is not authorized, a director may be removed only
by a majority of the votes entitled to be cast. If the directors have staggered
terms, they may be removed only for cause, unless the articles or a bylaw
adopted by the shareholders provides otherwise.

     The Interland bylaws state that the shareholders may remove any director
only for cause by the vote of shareholders representing a majority of the issued
and outstanding capital stock entitled to vote for the election of directors.

     Under Minnesota law, unless the articles, bylaws or a shareholder control
agreement provide otherwise, a director may be removed at any time, with or
without cause, if (1) the director was named by the board of directors to fill a
vacancy, (2) the shareholders have not elected directors in the interval between
the time of the appointment to fill a vacancy and the time of the removal, and
(3) a majority of the remaining directors present affirmatively vote to remove
the director. Directors may be removed, with or without cause, by the
affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of all shares
entitled to vote at an election of directors. A director who was elected solely
by the holders of a class or series of shares, as stated in the articles or
bylaws, may be removed only by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority
of the voting power of all shares of that class or series entitled to vote at an
election of that director. However, in the case of a corporation having
cumulative voting, unless the entire board of directors is removed
simultaneously, no directors may be removed if the votes cast against their
removal would be sufficient if cumulatively voted to elect them.

     Micron Electronics current bylaws mirror the Minnesota statute. If the
proposed amendment to Micron Electronics' bylaws is approved, directors may not
be removed except for cause, for a period of two years following the closing of
the merger.

DIRECTORS' COMMITTEES

     Under Georgia law, unless the articles or bylaws provide otherwise, a board
of directors may create committees and appoint board members to serve on them.
To the extent specified by the board of directors or in the articles or bylaws,
each committee may exercise the authority of the board of directors. A committee
may not, however:

     - approve or propose to shareholders action that is required to be approved
       by shareholders;

     - fill vacancies on the board of directors or on any of its committees;

     - amend the articles, except that, as authorized by a resolution adopted by
       the board of directors, a committee may amend the articles of
       incorporation to fix the designations, preferences, limitations and
       relative rights of shares or to change the number of shares in a series,
       but not below the number of such shares then issued;

     - adopt, amend or repeal bylaws; or

     - approve a plan of merger not requiring shareholder approval.

     The Interland bylaws specifically give the board of directors authority to
create committees and appoint directors to serve on them.

     Under Minnesota law, the board of directors by resolution approved by a
majority of the board of directors, may establish committees having the
authority of the board of directors in the management of the business of the
corporation. Committees are subject at all times to the direction and control of
the board of directors. Committee members must be natural persons and need not
be directors. The Micron Electronics bylaws allow the establishment of
committees on the vote of a majority of the board of directors.

TRANSACTIONS INVOLVING OFFICERS OR DIRECTORS

     Under Georgia law a director's conflicting interest transaction with
respect to a corporation means a transaction effected or proposed to be effected
by the corporation (or a subsidiary of the corporation or any other entity in
which the corporation has a controlling interest) respecting which a director of
the corporation has a conflicting interest. A director's conflicting interest
transaction may not be enjoined, set aside, or give rise to an award of damages
or other sanctions, on the ground of an interest in the

transaction of the director or any person with whom or which he has a personal,
economic, or other association if:

     - The transaction received the affirmative vote of a majority (but not less
       than two) of those qualified directors on the board of directors or on a
       duly empowered committee thereof who voted on the transaction with either
       required disclosure to them; or

     - If a majority of the votes entitled to be cast by the holders of all
       qualified shares were cast in favor of the transaction after notice to
       the shareholders describing the director's conflicting interest
       transaction, the director who has the conflicting interest informs the
       secretary of the number, and the identity of persons holding or
       controlling the vote, of all shares that to the knowledge of the director
       are beneficially owned (or the voting of which is controlled) by the
       director or by a related person of the director, or both, and the
       required disclosure is made to the shareholders who voted on the
       transaction (to the extent the information was known to them).

     An officer's conflicting interest transaction under Georgia law is defined
as any transaction, other than a director's conflicting interest transaction,
between a corporation (or a subsidiary of the corporation or any other entity in
which the corporation has a controlling interest) and one or more of its
officers or between a corporation and a related person of an officer. An
officer's conflicting interest transaction may not be enjoined, set aside, or
give rise to an award of damages or other sanctions, in an action by a
shareholder or by or in the right of the corporation, on the ground of an
interest in the transaction of the officer or any person with whom or which he
has a personal, economic, or other association, if:

     - The transaction was approved by the board of directors after required
       disclosure;

     - The transaction was approved by the shareholders after required
       disclosure; or

     - The transaction, judged in the circumstances at the time of commitment,
       is established to have been fair to the corporation.

     Minnesota law provides that a corporation may, with the affirmative vote of
a majority of directors present, lend money to, guarantee an obligation of,
become a surety for, or otherwise financially assist a person if:

     - the transaction is in the usual course of business;

     - is with or for the benefit of a related organization, an organization in
       which the corporation has a financial interest, an organization with
       which the corporation has a business relationship, or an organization to
       which the corporation has the power to make donations, any of which
       relationships constitute consideration sufficient to make the financial
       assistance so approved enforceable against the corporation;

     - is with, or for the benefit of, an officer or other employee of the
       corporation or a subsidiary, and may reasonably be expected, in the
       board's judgment, to benefit the corporation; or

     - whether or not any separate consideration has been paid or promised to
       the corporation, has been approved

        - by the holders of two-thirds of the voting power of the shares
          entitled to vote that are owned by persons other than the interested
          person(s), or

        - by the unanimous affirmative vote of the holders of all outstanding
          shares whether or not entitled to vote.

     The Micron Electronics bylaws mirror the Minnesota statute and provide that
the loan, guarantee, surety contract or other financial assistance may be with
or without interest, and may be unsecured, or may be secured in the manner as a
majority of the directors approve, including, without limitation, a pledge of or
other security interest in the shares of the corporation.

INDEMNIFICATION AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

     Under Georgia law a corporation may indemnify an individual made a party to
a proceeding conducted himself in good faith and because such person is or was a
director. The corporation may indemnify against liability incurred in the
proceeding if the director conducted himself in good faith and reasonably
believed that his conduct was in the corporation's best interests, and that in
the case of any criminal proceeding, the director had no reasonable cause to
believe the conduct was unlawful. The termination of a proceeding by judgment,
order, settlement or conviction or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its
equivalent is not, of itself, determinative that the director did not meet the
necessary standard of conduct. A corporation can indemnify a director against
reasonable expenses incurred by such person in connection with the proceeding. A
corporation may not indemnify a director in connection with:

     - a proceeding by or in the right of the corporation, except for reasonable
       expenses required in connection with the proceeding if it is determined
       that the director has met the relevant standard of conduct; or

     - any other proceeding with respect to conduct for which he or she was
       adjudged liable on the basis that personal benefit was improperly
       received by him or her, whether or not involving action in his or her
       official capacity.

     A corporation must indemnify a director who was wholly successful, on the
merits or otherwise, in the defense of any proceeding to which he was a party
because he was a director of the corporation against reasonable expenses
incurred by the director in connection with the proceeding.

     A corporation may, before final disposition of a proceeding, advance funds
to pay for or reimburse the reasonable expenses incurred by a director who is a
party to a proceeding because he or she is a director if the director delivers
to the corporation a written affirmation of the director's good faith belief
that he or she has met the relevant standard of conduct or that the proceeding
involves conduct for which liability has been eliminated under the articles and
the director undertakes to repay any funds if it is determined that the director
is not entitled to indemnification.

     As well, a corporation may purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of an
individual who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the
corporation of who, while a director, officer, employee or agent of the
corporation serves at the corporation's request as a director, officer, partner,
trustee, employee or agent of another domestic or foreign corporation,
partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other entity against
liability asserted against or incurred by such individual in that capacity or
arising from the person's status, regardless of whether the corporation
otherwise would have power to indemnify the individual against the same
liability.

     Georgia law also provides that a corporation may, by a provision in its
articles or bylaws or in a resolution adopted or a contract approved by its
board of directors or shareholders, obligate itself in advance of the act or
omission giving rise to a proceeding to provide indemnification or pay for or
reimburse expenses consistent with Georgia law. Any provision that obligates the
corporation to provide indemnification to the fullest extent permitted by law
shall be deemed to obligate the corporation to advance funds to pay for or
reimburse expenses in accordance with Georgia law to the fullest extent
permitted by law, unless the provision specifically provides otherwise. Such a
provision shall not obligate the corporation to indemnify or advance expenses to
a director or a predecessor of the corporation, pertaining to conduct with
respect to the predecessor, unless otherwise specifically provided. A
corporation may, by a provision in its articles, limit any of the rights to
indemnification or advance for expenses.

     The Interland bylaws mirror the Georgia statute. The bylaws provide that
every officer or director, to the extent that he has been successful in defense
of any proceeding to which he was a party because he is or was an officer or
director of the corporation, shall be indemnified by the corporation against
reasonable expenses.

     Minnesota law provides that unless the articles or bylaws provide
otherwise, a corporation must indemnify a person made or threatened to be made a
party to a proceeding by reason of the former or present official capacity of
the person. A director may be indemnified in connection with a proceeding so
long as the director:

     - has not been indemnified by another organization for the same judgments,
       penalties, fines, settlements or expenses;

     - acted in good faith;

     - received no improper personal benefit;

     - with respect to criminal proceedings, had no reasonable cause to believe
       the conduct was unlawful; and

     - reasonably believed the conduct to be in or not opposed to the best
       interests of the corporation.

     A director made or threatened to be made a party to a proceeding is
entitled, upon written request to the corporation, to payment or reimbursement
by the corporation of reasonable expenses incurred by the person in advance of
the final disposition of the proceeding.

     As well, under Minnesota law indemnification insurance may be purchased and
maintained whether or not the corporation would have been required to indemnify
the person under the statute.

     The Micron Electronics articles provide that a director of the corporation
shall not be personally liable to the corporation or its shareholders for
monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, except for
liability for:

     - any breach of the director's duty of loyalty to the corporation or its
       shareholders;

     - acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional
       misconduct or a knowing violation of law;

     - under sections 302A.559 or 80A.23 of the Minnesota Statutes;

     - any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal
       benefit; or

     - any act or omission occurring prior to the date when this Article became
       effective.

DISSOLUTION

     Under Georgia law and Minnesota law a corporation may be dissolved upon
adoption of a resolution by the board and a vote by the holders of a majority of
all shares entitled to vote at a meeting called for such purpose.

                    ADDITIONAL MATTERS BEING SUBMITTED TO A
                  VOTE OF ONLY MICRON ELECTRONICS SHAREHOLDERS

                                 PROPOSAL NO. 2

               APPROVAL OF AMENDMENT TO ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION

     Micron Electronics' articles of incorporation currently authorize Micron
Electronics to issue up to 150,000,000 shares of common stock. This proposal
would amend the articles of incorporation to authorize Micron Electronics to
issue up to 200,000,000 shares of capital stock and change the name Micron
Electronics, Inc. to "Interland, Inc." upon the closing of the merger. The
larger number of authorized shares of common stock provided for in this proposal
will provide Micron Electronics the certainty and flexibility necessary to
undertake various types of transactions, including financings, increases in the
shares reserved for issuance pursuant to stock incentive plans, or other
corporate transactions not yet determined.

     In order for the board of directors to be able to respond to future
circumstances with a reasonable degree of flexibility, Micron Electronics must
have a sufficient number of authorized shares to cover any stock dividends or
other transactions. There are currently 150 million shares authorized and
approximately 97 million issued and outstanding shares of Micron Electronics'
common stock and approximately 22 million shares reserved for issuance under
Micron Electronics' stock plans. In addition, based on an assumed exchange ratio
of 0.861 and 47,348,585 shares of Interland common stock outstanding as of March
15, 2001, Micron Electronics will issue approximately 40,767,132 shares in the
merger, excluding options and warrants to purchase Interland common stock to be
assumed in the merger. Under the proposed amendment to the articles of
incorporation, the additional shares of common stock would be available for
issuance without further shareholder action, unless shareholder action is
otherwise required by Minnesota law or the rules of any stock exchange or
automated quotation system on which the common stock may then be listed or
quoted. Micron Electronics has no current plans to issue the remainder of the
additional authorized shares, other than shares that could be issued in
connection with any additional stock options granted under its 2001 Equity
Incentive Plan, 1995 Stock Option Plan or its Employee Stock Purchase Plan.

     Based on the number of shares of common stock outstanding and reserved as
of March 31, 2001, the proposed increase in the number of authorized shares of
capital stock from 150,000,000 to 200,000,000 would result in approximately
159,623,297 shares of common stock being issued, outstanding and reserved, which
includes approximately 22,000,000 shares of common stock reserved for issuance
upon exercise of options outstanding and equity awards to be granted under
Micron Electronics' equity compensation plans, and 40,767,132 shares of common
stock reserved for issuance in the merger, excluding options and warrants to
purchase Interland common stock to be assumed in the merger. Although Micron
Electronics currently has no agreements or understandings with respect to any
other material acquisitions, the increase in the authorized number of shares of
common stock will provide Micron Electronics with additional flexibility with
regard to any future acquisitions.

     The additional shares of common stock that would become available for
issuance if the proposed amendment were adopted could also be used by Micron
Electronics to oppose a hostile takeover attempt or delay or prevent changes of
control of Micron Electronics or changes in or removal of management of Micron
Electronics. For example, without further shareholder approval, the board of
directors could strategically sell shares of common stock in a private
transaction to purchasers who would oppose a takeover or favor the current board
of directors. Although the current proposal to increase the number of authorized
shares of common stock has been prompted by business and financial
considerations, not by the threat of any attempt to accumulate shares or
otherwise gain control of Micron Electronics, shareholders nevertheless should
be aware that approval of the proposal could facilitate future efforts by Micron
Electronics to deter or prevent changes of control of Micron Electronics,
including transactions that are favored by a majority of the independent
shareholders or in which the shareholders might otherwise receive a premium for
their shares over then-current market prices or benefit in some other manner.

     Micron Electronics' articles of incorporation and bylaws contain provisions
that could have an anti-takeover effect, including the following:

     - Micron Electronics' shareholders may only take action at a meeting or by
       written consent;

     - Micron Electronics' board of directors must be given advance notice
       regarding shareholder-sponsored proposals for consideration at annual
       meetings and for shareholder nominations for the election of directors;

     - vacancies on the board of directors may be filled until the next annual
       meeting of shareholders only by majority vote of the directors then in
       office; and

     - special meetings of shareholders may only be called by the Chairman of
       the Board, the President or by the board of directors, or a shareholder
       holding 10% of the outstanding stock, except that a shareholder must hold
       25% of the outstanding stock to call a special meeting that relates to a
       business combination.

     In addition, the authority granted by Micron Electronics' articles of
incorporation to the board of directors to fix the designations, powers,
preferences, rights, qualifications, limitations and restrictions of any class
or series of Micron Electronics' preferred stock could be used for anti-takeover
purposes. The proposal to increase the number of authorized shares of common
stock, however, is not part of any plan to adopt a series of amendments having
an anti-takeover effect, and Micron Electronics' management presently does not
intend to propose anti-takeover measures in future proxy solicitations.

     Under the terms of the merger agreement, Micron Electronics agreed to
change its name to "Interland, Inc." upon closing of the merger in order to
capitalize on the brand equity Interland has built in the Web hosting market.

                THE BOARD RECOMMENDS A VOTE "FOR" THE AMENDMENT
               TO MICRON ELECTRONICS' ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION.

                                 PROPOSAL NO. 3

                    AMENDMENT TO MICRON ELECTRONICS' BYLAWS

     Micron Electronics' bylaws currently set the number of directors on the
Micron Electronics board at five. In addition, Micron Electronics board members
currently serve for terms of one year and generally may be removed with or
without cause by the shareholders of Micron Electronics, or in some instances,
by the Micron Electronics board.

     This proposal would amend the bylaws as follows:

     - Provide that all directors shall hold office for a period of at least two
       years after the closing of the merger;

     - Permit the removal of directors only for "cause" during the two-year
       period following the closing of the merger;

     - Effective after the expiration of the two-year period after the merger,
       change the term of all directors to an indefinite term, and permit their
       removal with or without cause; and

     - Authorize the board of directors to decrease the size of the board in the
       future.

     If this proposal is approved, the term of all current directors of Micron
Electronics will be extended for an additional year.

     These amendments are being proposed to comply with the provisions of the
merger agreement that require that these changes to the bylaws be approved by
Micron Electronics' shareholders as a condition to closing the merger.

     THE BOARD RECOMMENDS A VOTE "FOR" AMENDING MICRON ELECTRONICS' BYLAWS.

                                 PROPOSAL NO. 4

         INCREASE IN THE SIZE OF MICRON ELECTRONICS' BOARD OF DIRECTORS

     Micron Electronics' bylaws currently permit the number of directors
comprising the board to be established by resolution of the shareholders of
Micron Electronics. Micron Electronics' board of directors is currently fixed at
five directors.

     This proposal would increase the size of the Micron Electronics' board of
directors to eight members.

     This increase is being proposed to comply with the provisions of the merger
agreement that require that the Micron Electronics board be increased to eight
directors as a condition to closing the merger.

            THE BOARD RECOMMENDS A VOTE "FOR" INCREASING THE SIZE OF
                MICRON ELECTRONICS' BOARD OF DIRECTORS TO EIGHT.

                                 PROPOSAL NO. 5

                             ELECTION OF DIRECTORS

     It is also a condition to closing the merger that three new directors are
added to the Micron Electronics' board of directors. Two of these nominees were
selected by Interland and one was selected jointly by Micron Electronics and
Interland.

     The nominees and some information about them are set forth below:

           NAME OF NOMINEE             AGE                     PRINCIPAL OCCUPATION
           ---------------             ---                     --------------------

Kenneth Gavranovic...................  30    Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
                                             Interland, Inc.
Gregg A. Mokenhaupt..................  30    Managing Director
                                             Crest Communications Holdings, LLC
[Additional nominee to be added by amendment]

KENNETH GAVRANOVIC

     Mr. Gavranovic has served as the chairman of the board of directors of
Interland since March 2000, chief executive officer of Interland since December
1999, a director of Interland since September 1997, and is one of Interland's
co-founders. From December 1999 to January 2001, Mr. Gavranovic also served as
Interland's president. During his eleven years of technology-related
entrepreneurial experience, Mr. Gavranovic served as vice president with
Worldwide Internet Publishing Corporation, a Web hosting company that he
co-founded, from 1995 to 1997. From 1992 to 1994, he founded and served as vice
president with Interactive Media Solutions, a telecommunications software
company. Mr. Gavranovic is a member of the executive committee and compensation
committee of the Interland board of directors.

GREGG A. MOCKENHAUPT

     Mr. Mockenhaupt has served as a director of Interland since December 1999.
Since March 1996, Mr. Mockenhaupt has served as a managing director of Crest
Communications Holdings, LLC, a private investment firm that was formed in 1996
to focus on communications-related investments and which is the manager of Crest
Communications Partners, L.P. and Crest Entrepreneurs Fund, L.P. Before joining
Crest in March 1996, Mr. Mockenhaupt was an associate in the mergers &
acquisitions group of Smith Barney Inc. from June 1994 to March 1996. Mr.
Mockenhaupt currently serves on several private company boards of directors. Mr.
Mockenhaupt received a B.S. in economics from the Wharton School of the
University of Pennsylvania. Mr. Mockenhaupt is a member of the executive
committee, compensation committee and audit committee of the Interland board of
directors.

THE MICRON ELECTRONICS BOARD RECOMMENDS A VOTE "FOR" THE ELECTION OF EACH OF THE
                                   NOMINEES.

OTHER MICRON ELECTRONICS BUSINESS

     The board of directors does not presently intend to bring any other
business before the meeting, and, so far as is known to the board of directors,
no matters are to be brought before the meeting except as specified in the
notice of the meeting. As to any business that may properly come before the
meeting, however, it is intended that proxies, in the form enclosed, will be
voted in respect thereof in accordance with the judgment of the persons voting
those proxies.

     WHETHER OR NOT YOU EXPECT TO ATTEND THE MEETING, PLEASE COMPLETE, DATE,
SIGN AND PROMPTLY RETURN THE ACCOMPANYING PROXY IN THE ENCLOSED POSTAGE PAID
ENVELOPE SO THAT YOUR SHARES MAY BE REPRESENTED AT THE MEETING.

           MICRON ELECTRONICS MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
                 FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

     This section contains forward-looking statements within the safe harbor
provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Forward-looking
statements are based on current expectations that involve a number of
uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially from those projected in
the forward-looking statements. Please see the section entitled "Statements
Regarding Forward-Looking Information" on page 156.

     All yearly references are Micron Electronics' fiscal years ended August 31,
2000, September 2, 1999, and September 3, 1998, unless otherwise indicated. The
fiscal years ended August 31, 2000 and September 2, 1999 contained fifty-two
weeks, compared to fifty-three weeks for the fiscal year ended September 3,
1998. Certain reclassifications have been made in the following discussion and
analysis to present results of operations on a consistent basis.

OVERVIEW

     Micron Electronics and its subsidiaries have historically provided a
variety of computer products and related services through the PC Systems,
SpecTek, and HostPro business segments. Micron Electronics has adopted plans to
discontinue its PC Systems business, its computer manufacturing business, and
SpecTek, its memory products business. See the footnote entitled "Discontinued
Operations" to the consolidated financial statements of Micron Electronics
included elsewhere in this joint proxy statement/ prospectus. As a result,
following the disposition of these business segments, Micron Electronics will be
exclusively a Web hosting company.

     Micron Electronics was originally established April 7, 1995 through the
merger of three businesses: Micron Computer, Inc., Micron Custom Manufacturing
Services, Inc. and ZEOS International, LTD. HostPro, Micron Electronics'
continuing operation, was formed through the acquisition and integration of four
companies during 1999 and 2000. On August 2, 1999, Micron Electronics acquired
100% of the outstanding stock of NetLimited, Inc. d.b.a. "HostPro", a web and
applications hosting provider. On September 2, 1999, Micron Electronics acquired
the property and equipment of Micron Internet Services, formerly a division of
Micron Technology, a provider of dedicated, nationwide dial-up and broadband
Internet access, virtual private network solutions, and e-commerce services. On
December 14, 1999 Micron Electronics acquired LightRealm, Inc., a Kirkland,
Washington-based Web and applications hosting and Internet access company
serving small- and medium-size businesses. On March 16, 2000, Micron Electronics
acquired Worldwide International Publishing Corporation, a Boca Raton,
Florida-based Web hosting company that also served small- and medium-size
businesses.

     HostPro offers a broad range of business-to-business Internet products and
services including managed dedicated hosting services, colocation and
connectivity services, electronic commerce, application hosting, and other Web
hosting products. With data centers in Los Angeles, California; Seattle,
Washington; Moses Lake, Washington; Boca Raton, Florida; and Boise, Idaho,
Micron Electronics provides these services to primarily small- and medium-sized
businesses. Micron Electronics' business is rapidly evolving and has a limited
operating history. As a result, Micron Electronics believes that
period-to-period comparisons of its revenue and operating results, including its
cost of revenue and operating expenses as a percentage of total revenue, are not
meaningful and should not be relied upon as indicators of future performance.
Micron Electronics does not believe that its historical growth rates are an
indication of its future results.

     Revenues are primarily generated by providing shared and dedicated hosting,
colocation hosting, connectivity and equipment sales to customers. Revenues are
recognized as the services are provided. Hosting contracts generally are for
service periods ranging from 1 to 12 months and typically require up-front fees.
These fees, including set-up fees for hosting services, are deferred and
recognized ratably over the customers expected service period. Other revenues
are primarily the sale of equipment to customers.

     Cost of revenues is mainly comprised of compensation and related expenses
for data center and provisioning operations, Internet connectivity and other
related telecommunications expense, and depreciation and amortization of capital
and intangible assets related to data center equipment and operations.

     Micron Electronics' operating expenses consist of:

     - Sales, marketing and technical support, which is mainly comprised of
       compensation costs and costs associated with technical support and
       marketing Micron Electronics' products and services. Compensation costs
       include salaries and related benefits, commissions and bonuses. Micron
       Electronics' marketing expenses include the costs of direct mail,
       advertising and other mass market programs; and

     - General and administrative, which is mainly comprised of compensation and
       related expenses, occupancy costs, and depreciation and amortization of
       capital and intangible assets related to the engineering, development and
       administrative functions.

     Micron Electronics intends to invest heavily in sales and marketing, the
continued development of its network infrastructure and technology, and
engineering and development for future product expansion. Micron Electronics
expects to expand its operations and workforce, including its network
operations, technical support, and administrative resources. In addition, Micron
Electronics intends to continue to expand and develop new sales channels and
relationships. Micron Electronics' future success is dependent upon its ability
to achieve profitability prior to the depletion of cash reserves and to raise
funds, after, if needed. While Micron Electronics currently believes that it has
adequate resources to maintain planned operations for at least one year from the
balance sheet date, Micron Electronics cannot assure you that HostPro will be
profitable in the future under its current Web and application hosting model or
that adequate funding will be available to allow it to continue operations
subsequent to the one-year time period. Micron Electronics does not expect
HostPro to generate positive cash flow from operations for at least one year.

DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS

PC Systems

     At the end of the second fiscal quarter of 2001, Micron Electronics
announced it had adopted a plan to discontinue the operations of its PC Systems
business segment, which is being accounted for as discontinued operations in
accordance with Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 30, or APB No. 30,
"Reporting the Results of Operations -- Reporting the Effects of Disposal of a
Segment of a Business, and Extraordinary, Unusual and Infrequently Occurring
Events and Transactions." On April 30, 2001, Micron Electronics entered into a
definitive agreement to sell its PC Systems business to GTG PC Holdings, LLC,
("GTG PC") an affiliate of the Gores Technology Group. Under the terms of the
agreement, GTG PC will receive assets which include $70 million in cash, and
assume specified liabilities of the PC Systems business. Micron Electronics is
required to meet specified working capital requirements based on the net assets
and liabilities to be transferred to GTG PC. An additional cash contribution may
be required if Micron Electronics does not meet these working capital
requirements. Following necessary regulatory approvals, the sale of the PC
Systems business is expected to close by the end of May 2001.

     The Company will retain all liabilities of the PC Systems business not
assumed by GTG PC, including, for example, liabilities for taxes arising prior
to the closing of the transaction, employee termination and related expenses,
and any litigation arising prior to the closing date. In addition, the Company
has agreed for a period of three years not to compete with the PC Systems
business, and for two years, to not solicit or hire prior employees of the
company PC Systems business. For a transition period after the closing of the
purchase, the purchaser agreed to provide some information technology,
financial, telecommunications and human resources services to the Company at its
cost plus 10% during the first four months after closing, and at its cost plus
25% for the following two months.

     For a period of two years following the closing of the purchase, or for the
applicable statute of limitations with respect to taxes and government
contracts, the Company is obligated to indemnify the purchaser and affiliated
entities for any breaches of the representations, warranties or covenants
contained in the agreement. The agreement provides that the maximum aggregate
liability of the Company for indemnification under the agreement is $10.0
million, or, in some limited circumstances, $30.0 million.

     The agreement also provides that the Company would potentially be entitled
to receive a percentage of any proceeds in the event the PC Systems business is
sold or has an initial public offering of its securities within three years of
the closing of the purchase. The Company would receive a payment only after the
repayment of transaction costs, repayment of debt and capital contributions,
payment of a specified amount of cash to GTG PC and obligations under employee
incentive programs.

     Consistent with accounting for discontinued operations, Micron Electronics
recorded an estimate of future operating losses from the discontinued operation
between March 2, 2001 and May 31, 2001, the expected completion date of the
sale, and an estimate of the loss on disposal of the discontinued operation.
This estimated loss recorded in the second fiscal quarter of 2001 was $147.5
million. Based on the final terms of the agreement to sell the PC Systems
business, the revised estimated loss is approximately $170.5 million. Micron
Electronics believes that these estimates are reasonable, however they are based
on preliminary data and are subject to revision.

     The personal computer industry is highly competitive, with competition
based primarily upon brand name recognition, performance, price, reliability and
service and support. Market conditions coupled with consumer preferences and
concerns during the phase-out period are difficult to predict. Micron
Electronics cannot assure you that changes in market conditions, supply and
demand, consumer preferences or price stability will not have a material adverse
effect on its estimated operating loss during the phase-out period.

SpecTek

     At the end of its second fiscal quarter of 2001, Micron Electronics
announced it adopted a plan to discontinue the operations of its SpecTek
business segment, which is accounted for as discontinued operations in
accordance with APB No. 30. Under the terms of the amended and restated
component recovery agreement, effective September 2, 1999, as amended, Micron
Technology has exercised its rights to purchase the assets of the SpecTek
business. On March 22, 2001, Micron Electronics entered into a purchase
agreement to sell all assets primarily used by SpecTek and some land, buildings
and intellectual property assets, used primarily by the PC Systems business, to
Micron Technology. Under the terms of the purchase agreement, Micron Electronics
transferred the land, buildings and intellectual property to Micron Technology
on March 22, 2001. The assets used by SpecTek were transferred to Micron
Technology on April 5, 2001. Micron Electronics has leased back a portion of the
land and buildings from Micron Technology and has also been granted a license to
use the intellectual property. The estimated proceeds from the sale of assets
under the purchase agreement are $136.0 million, less $92.0 million of inter-
company accounts payable to Micron Technology. Micron Electronics received $18.0
million of cash in excess of the historical cost of the land, buildings, and
intellectual property. This amount will be recorded, net of tax, as an increase
in additional paid in capital during the third fiscal quarter of 2001.

     Micron Electronics anticipates that SpecTek will provide income from its
operations through the disposal date of April 5, 2001. Income earned by SpecTek
during this period will be recognized in the third fiscal quarter of 2001.
Micron Electronics continued to purchase components from Micron Technology
through April 5, 2001, under the terms of the component recovery agreement. The
cost to obtain components from Micron Technology during the phase-out period was
90% of pre-tax income attributable to the sale of such components. Based on the
terms of the purchase agreement, and in accordance with APB 30, no estimated
loss on disposal was recorded for the sale of SpecTek in the second fiscal
quarter of 2001.

RESULTS OF CONTINUING OPERATIONS

     Micron Electronics consolidated financial information presents the net
effect of discontinued operations separate from the results of Micron
Electronics' continuing operations. Historical financial information has been
reclassified to present consistently the discontinued operations, and the
discussion and analysis that follows generally focuses on continuing operations.

     The loss from continuing operations for fiscal 2000 was $26.2 million, or
$0.27 per basic and diluted share, on net sales of $32.9 million, compared to
income from continuing operations of $5.2 million and $5.1 million, or $0.05 and
$0.05 per basic and diluted share, for fiscal 1999 and 1998, respectively. The
results of continuing operations in fiscal 1999 includes the operating
activities of NetLimited, Inc. for one month, the period from the date of
acquisition to the end of the fiscal year. Additionally, in fiscal years 1999
and 1998, net income from continuing operations resulted primarily from the
interest income from corporate cash, cash equivalents and liquid investments,
partially offset by general corporate expenses not directly attributable to the
discontinued operations.

     A discussion of interim periods subsequent to the fiscal year ended August
31, 2000 are not included in this joint proxy statement/prospectus as they are
described in Micron Electronics' most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q,
which has been incorporated into this joint proxy statement/prospectus by
reference.

Revenues

                                                                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED
                                                         ------------------------------------
                                                         AUGUST 31,   SEPTEMBER 2,   MARCH 1,
                                                            2000          1999         1998
                                                         ----------   ------------   --------
                                                                    (IN THOUSANDS)

Hosting revenues.......................................   $18,555         $464         $ --
Connectivity revenues..................................     9,051           --           --
Other revenues.........................................     5,256           --           --
                                                          -------         ----         ----
Total revenues.........................................   $32,862         $464         $ --
                                                          =======         ====         ====

     Growth in hosting revenues has been achieved through acquisitions occurring
in fiscal 1999 and 2000 and by new customer growth and upgrading services to
existing customers. Excluding the effect of acquisitions, sequential fiscal 2000
quarterly hosting growth was 29.9% in the first fiscal quarter, 28.8% in the
second fiscal quarter, 24.8% in the third fiscal quarter and 17.3% in the fourth
fiscal quarter. The breakdown of fiscal 2000 hosting revenues is as follows:
shared hosting revenues were 83.6%; dedicated hosting revenues were 13.1%; and
colocation hosting revenues were 3.3% of the total revenues. Micron Electronics
has focused on increasing its higher-end hosting services and ended the fiscal
year with the number of dedicated, managed and unmanaged servers in excess of
930.

     The growth in connectivity revenues was driven through acquisitions and by
new customer growth.

     Micron Electronics maintained over 114,000 paid hosted Web sites, 57,000
paid hosting accounts and 39,000 Internet access accounts at the end of fiscal
2000.

     On March 26, 2001, Micron Electronics entered into an agreement to sell
substantially all of its consumer dial-up accounts for between $4.0 and $5.0
million. Revenue from these accounts was approximately 18.6% of total revenues
for fiscal 2000. The sale of these accounts is not expected to have a
substantial impact on operating income. Micron Electronics expects that these
accounts will be transferred by August 2001.

Cost of revenues

     Cost of revenues was 74.1% of total revenues for fiscal 2000. HostPro's
cost of revenues percentage increased to 76.8% in the last half of fiscal 2000,
from 68.8% in the first half of the year, primarily due to

additional costs incurred to expand its information technology infrastructure,
related support costs and completion of its expansion of data center facilities.

Operating expenses

     Sales, marketing and technical support. Sales, marketing and technical
support expenses were 79.6% of revenues for fiscal 2000. Significant components
of sales, marketing and technical support costs during fiscal 2000 were
advertising costs of $13.1 million, sales personnel and related costs of $7.1
million and technical support costs of $4.9 million.

     General and administrative. General and administrative expenses were 71.9%
of revenues for the fiscal year 2000. Significant components of general and
administrative costs during fiscal 2000 were personnel costs of $6.7 million,
amortization of intangible assets of $4.2 million, professional and consulting
fees of $2.4 million and lease costs of $1.4 million.

     Goodwill amortization. Goodwill amortization increased as a result of the
acquisitions of the Web and application hosting and Internet access companies
which occurred in August of 1999 and in 2000.

     Other expense, net. In 1999, other expense, includes a $1.0 million charge
for the write-off of purchased in-process research and development, which
resulted from the acquisition of HostPro. An independent appraiser through an
analysis using a risk adjusted cash flow model determined the fair value of
HostPro's technology. The analysis estimated future cash flows derived from the
technology or products incorporating the technology. These cash flows were
discounted taking into account the life expectancy of the technology and risks
related to existing and future markets. Technology was segregated into that
which was determined to be completed, those currently technologically feasible
but that may require adjustments or relatively minor enhancements, and
in-process, technologies that require additional research and development
efforts to reach technological feasibility. Estimated future cash flows
associated with in-process research and development were discounted considering
risks and uncertainties related to the viability, stage of completion, work
required to establish feasibility, and to the completion of products the Company
would ultimately market. The analysis resulted in the allocation of $1.0 million
of purchase price to in-process research and development. In management's
opinion, the acquired in-process research and development had not yet reached a
stage where feasibility, delivery or product features were certain and had no
alternative future use. As a result, acquired in-process research and
development was charged to expense.

Earnings Before Income Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization, or EBITDA

     Micron Electronics' EBITDA consists of its loss from continuing operations
before net interest, income taxes, depreciation, amortization including
amortization of non-cash compensation costs, and loss on equity investments.
EBITDA was a loss of $30.7 million for fiscal 2000. The EBITDA loss in fiscal
2000 resulted from the acquisition and ongoing operations of the Web hosting
business and includes increased expenditures needed to support Micron
Electronics growth in operations, including salaries and benefits for additional
employees, network costs, rent, and other costs related to the increase in the
number of its data centers as well as increased sales, technical support, and
general and administrative expenses. Although EBITDA should not be used as an
alternative to operating loss or net cash provided by (used for) operating
activities, investing activities or financing activities, each as measured under
generally accepted accounting principles, Micron Electronics' management
believes that EBITDA is an additional meaningful measure of performance.

Loss on equity investments

     The loss on equity investments represents Micron Electronics' equity share
of the losses of Bird on a Wire, Inc., or BOAW. On April 24, 2001, BOAW entered
into non-binding letter of intent to sell its assets. After repaying BOAW
liabilities, Micron Electronics will receive the net proceeds, if any. Micron
Electronics anticipates that it will record a loss on disposal of BOAW of
approximately $2.1 million in the third fiscal quarter of 2001.

Interest income, net

     Interest income, net consists of interest income earned on Micron
Electronics' invested cash and liquid investments.

Income tax provision

     The provision for income taxes in fiscal 2000 is based on an effective tax
rate of 27%, which reflects the federal statutory rate, the net effect of state
taxes, municipal interest and non-deductible goodwill amortization. The
effective rate in 1999 of 30% reflects the federal statutory rate, the net
effect of state taxes, municipal interest and the effect of a $1.0 million
charge for the write-off of purchased in-process research and development, which
resulted from the acquisition of HostPro. The effective tax rate in 1998 of 38%
reflects the federal statutory rate, the net effect of state taxes and municipal
interest.

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

     As of August 31, 2000, we had $326.0 million in cash, cash equivalents and
liquid investments. This represents a decrease of $12.4 million compared to the
prior year. Principal sources of liquidity, from continuing operations, in
fiscal 2000 were $260.7 million of proceeds from maturing investments, $4.2
million from the issuance of common stock and $2.3 million from a capital
contribution from MTI. We generated $0.4 million of cash from operating
activities during fiscal 2000. In addition, other principal uses of cash during
fiscal 2000 were $58.3 million relating to the acquisitions of Lightrealm and
WIPC, $7.0 million for the investment in BOAW, $245.9 million of purchases of
held to maturity investments and $36.9 million for purchases of property, plant
and equipment and expansion of the data center facilities of Micron Electronics.
Discontinued operations generated $91.9 million of cash during the fiscal year,
primarily related to the operations of SpecTek.

     The SpecTek and PC Systems dispositions will have a material impact on
Micron Electronics liquidity in fiscal 2001. Under the amended and restated
component recovery agreement effective September 2, 1999, as amended, Micron
Technology has exercised its rights to purchase the assets of the SpecTek
business. On March 22, 2001, Micron Electronics entered into a purchase
agreement to sell all assets primarily used by SpecTek and some land, buildings
and intellectual property assets, used by the PC Systems business, to Micron
Technology. Micron Electronics anticipates that the proceeds from completion of
the transaction contemplated in the purchase agreement will be approximately
$43.2 million, in the third fiscal quarter of 2001.

     SpecTek has been Micron Electronics' only profitable segment and its only
source of positive cash flows, excluding interest income. HostPro does not
expect to generate positive cash flow from its operations for at least one year.
However, Micron Electronics expects to have adequate cash reserves to fund
operations during this period. Micron Electronics' future success is dependent
upon its ability to achieve profitability prior to the depletion of cash
reserves and to raise funds, thereafter, if needed. Micron Electronics cannot
provide assurance that HostPro will be profitable in the future under its
current Web and application hosting model or that adequate funding will be
available to allow Micron Electronics to continue operations subsequent to the
one-year time period.

     On April 30, 2001, Micron Electronics entered into a definitive agreement
to sell its PC Systems business to GTG PC Holdings, LLC, an affiliate of the
Gores Technology Group. Under the terms of the agreement to sell its PC Systems
business, GTG PC will receive the assets, which include $70 million in cash, and
assume specified liabilities of the PC Systems business. Micron Electronics is
required to meet specified working capital requirements based on the net assets
and liabilities to be transferred to GTG PC. An additional cash contribution may
be required if Micron Electronics does not meet these working capital
requirements.

     On March 28, 2001, Micron Electronics terminated its unsecured credit
agreement with a group of financial institutions, which provided borrowings up
to $100.0 million. As of August 31, 2000, Micron

Electronics had no borrowings outstanding under this agreement. Micron
Electronics currently does not have any plans to obtain a new credit agreement.

     At August 31, 2000, Micron Electronics had commitments of $19.0 million for
the expansion and upgrading of facilities and equipment and $19.0 million for
infrastructure software projects. Micron Electronics anticipates making capital
expenditures for continuing operations in excess of $22.0 million and for
discontinued operations in excess of $34.0 million during fiscal 2001.

     Micron Electronics expects its future working capital requirements to
increase and it believes that currently available cash, cash equivalents and
liquid investments will be sufficient to fund its operations through fiscal
2001.

             RECENT DEVELOPMENTS WITH RESPECT TO MICRON ELECTRONICS

     On April 30, 2001, Micron Electronics entered into a definitive agreement
to sell its PC Systems business to GTG PC Holdings, LLC, an affiliate of the
Gores Technology Group. Under the terms of the agreement, GTG PC will receive
assets, which includes $70.0 million in cash, and assume specified liabilities
of the PC Systems business. Micron Electronics is required to meet specified
working capital requirements based on the net assets and liabilities to be
transferred to GTG PC. An additional cash contribution may be required if Micron
Electronics does not meet these working capital requirements. Following
necessary regulatory approvals, the sale of the PC Systems business is expected
to close by the end of May 2001.

     Micron Electronics will retain all liabilities of the PC Systems business
not assumed by GTG PC, including, for example, liabilities for taxes arising
prior to the closing of the transaction, employee termination and related
expenses, and any litigation arising prior to the closing date. In addition,
Micron Electronics has agreed for a period of three years not to compete with
the PC Systems business, and for two years, to not solicit or hire prior
employees of the PC Systems business. For a transition period after the closing
of the purchase, the purchaser agreed to provide some information technology,
financial, telecommunications and human resources services to Micron Electronics
at its cost plus 10% during the first four months after closing, and at its cost
plus 25% for the following two months.

     For a period of two years following the closing of the purchase, or for the
applicable statute of limitations with respect to taxes and government
contracts, Micron Electronics is obligated to indemnify the purchaser and
affiliated entities for any breaches of the representations, warranties or
covenants contained in the agreement. The agreement provides that the maximum
aggregate liability of Micron Electronics for indemnification under the
agreement is $10.0 million, or, in some limited circumstances, $30.0 million.

     The agreement also provides that Micron Electronics would potentially be
entitled to receive a percentage of any proceeds in the event the PC Systems
business is sold or has an initial public offering of its securities within
three years of the closing of the purchase. Micron Electronics would receive a
payment only after the repayment of transaction costs, repayment of debt and
capital contributions, payment of a specified amount of cash to GTG PC and
obligations under employee incentive programs. If Micron Electronics does
receive this payment, the beneficial holders of Micron Electronics stock
immediately prior to the merger may be entitled to receive a distribution from
the payment, but the current Interland shareholders would not be entitled to
participate in the distribution.

                          MICRON ELECTRONICS' BUSINESS

OVERVIEW

     Micron Electronics historically operated three business segments: PC
Systems, HostPro and SpecTek. The operations of SpecTek were transferred to
Micron Technology, Micron Electronics' parent company, on April 5, 2001. On
April 30, 2001, Micron Electronics entered into a definitive agreement to sell
its PC Systems business to GTG PC Holdings, LLC, an affiliate of the Gores
Technology Group. As a result of the disposition of the SpecTek business and
following the expected disposition of the PC Systems business, the operations of
HostPro will constitute the business of Micron Electronics.

     Micron Electronics, through its HostPro subsidiary, is a leading Web
hosting company that offers a broad range of business-to-business Internet
products and services, including managed dedicated hosting services, co-location
and connectivity services, electronic commerce services, application hosting,
and other Web hosting products. HostPro offers hosting of applications written
for many platforms, with the security, control panels, support, reliability, and
high bandwidth necessary to meet the mission-critical business needs of
customers worldwide. Micron Electronics operates data centers in Los Angeles,
California; Seattle, Washington; Moses Lake, Washington; Boca Raton, Florida;
and Boise, Idaho, HostPro that provide Web and application hosting products and
services specifically designed to meet the needs of small- and medium-sized
businesses. Micron Electronics manages more than 114,000 paid hosted Web sites
and more than 57,000 paid hosting accounts.

     HostPro was formed through the integration of four companies purchased by
Micron Electronics during 1999 and 2000. These include NetLimited, Inc., which
was doing business as HostPro, LightRealm, Inc., Worldwide Internet Publishing
Company, and Micron Internet Services.

     On March 26, 2001 HostPro entered into an agreement to sell substantially
all of its consumer dial-up accounts for between $4.0 and $5.0 million. Revenue
from these accounts was approximately 18.6% of revenues from continuing
operations for fiscal 2000. The sale of these accounts is not expected to have a
substantial impact on operating income. HostPro expects that these accounts will
be transferred by August 2001.

PC SYSTEMS BUSINESS AND SPECTEK BUSINESS

     Micron Electronics' PC Systems business develops, markets, manufactures,
sells and supports a range of high performance desktop and notebook systems and
network servers under the micronpc.com and NetFRAME brand names and sells,
resells, and supports a variety of additional peripherals, software and
services. These systems use microprocessors manufactured by Intel Corporation
and Applied Micro Devices and are assembled to order with differing memory and
storage configurations as well as various operating systems and application
software. The PC Systems business also offers under the micronpcplus.com brand
name a variety of hardware components and peripherals to compliment Micron
Electronics' desktop and notebook systems and network servers, including
monitors, modems, graphics cards, accelerators, CD-ROM and DVD drives.

     SpecTek processes and markets various grades of memory products under the
SpecTek brand name in either component or module form. Memory components are
obtained from Micron Technology and its joint venture affiliates, tested and
graded to their highest level of functionality. Higher-grade components meeting
industry specifications are available for use in memory modules for computer
systems. Some lower grade components may be used in nonstandard memory modules
or sold to strategic OEM customers for use in specific applications.

     Micron Electronics' annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
August 31, 2000 includes a more detailed discussion of these two discontinued
businesses.

HOSTPRO'S SERVICES

     HostPro offers Web hosting and connectivity services designed to
specifically address the needs of small- to medium-sized businesses. These
services include:

     - Shared hosting;

     - Dedicated hosting;

     - Colocation hosting;

     - Applications hosting; and

     - Internet connectivity.

     Currently, most of HostPro's hosting revenues are generated from recurring
monthly fees. The remainder is derived from one-time-set-up fees for
installation. HostPro currently sells its services under agreements having terms
of one to 12 months. Most of its customer agreements may be canceled within the
first 30 days.

Shared hosting

     Shared hosting services range from entry-level starter packages and
business e-commerce shared Web hosting products. Starter packages are designed
for Web sites with relatively low volumes of traffic and provide access to the
Internet with minimal costs. HostPro's products are scalable solutions that make
it simple to upgrade to more full-featured services. HostPro's shared hosting
packages are designed to minimize the cost for customers by providing hosting
services for multiple customers on a single shared server, spreading the cost of
the service over many users. The majority of HostPro's customers currently use
its shared hosting services.

     The services are hosted in data centers, which feature full network
redundancy with multiple Internet backbone connections designed to ensure
availability 24 hours per day, every day of the year. HostPro's services also
feature easy to use control panels and extensive on-line documentation that
allow customers to easily control their own applications. HostPro's business
e-commerce shared Web hosting packages also feature secure servers, redundant
systems, daily backups, and uninterrupted operations along with other important
electronic commerce services including basic services such as, server disk space
and e-mail addresses, Secure Socket Layer encryption for electronic commerce
transactions, shopping carts and database technology to conduct product and
service sales on-line. Through HostPro's other business relationships, its
customers can also obtain merchant account and on-line payment processing
services.

     HostPro has recently introduced a new shared hosting product, Freedom,
which offers features and benefits, including a significantly expanded ability
for the customer to administer the server, which until now have only been
available on more expensive dedicated hosting products. In addition, Freedom
features include the ability to host multiple Web sites, configure multiple
shell users, unlimited e-mail accounts, Microsoft Web development tools, and
electronic commerce capabilities.

Dedicated hosting

     In contrast to a shared hosting environment, which hosts multiple customers
on one server, dedicated hosting employs one or more servers dedicated to a
single customer. Dedicated hosting provides a customer with superior uptime,
server access, the ability to use custom applications, greater security and
higher levels of technical support. HostPro provides both managed and unmanaged
dedicated hosting services. For dedicated managed hosting services, HostPro
monitors administers and trouble-shoots the software that operates the client
server. For unmanaged dedicated hosting services, the customer administers the
server remotely, with HostPro providing the hardware monitoring and network and
hardware support. Dedicated hosting services are targeted for Web sites or that
generally require sophisticated databases for critical application needs or
typically experience high user traffic volumes. HostPro's managed services are
targeted to those who need the complex services required for mission-

critical Web sites, but do not want to administer their own data center. The
dedicated services come with proprietary control panel technology, which enables
customers to setup and maintain Web sites on the server.

     HostPro offers dedicated Web hosting services for major computer platforms
including Microsoft NT and Windows, Linux and Sun systems.

Colocation hosting

     Customers using HostPro' colocation services own their own hardware,
software and network equipment and house them within its data center facilities.
The customers install, manage, upgrade and maintain the security of their Web
sites. Colocation services provide customers with a secure data center
environment and reliable network connectivity, while allowing customers with
advanced in-house Internet expertise to control and maintain their own equipment
and Web sites.

Application hosting

     Applications hosting are Web-enabled business applications that are offered
to customers over the Internet. HostPro currently provides outsourced services
to its customers using Microsoft's Outlook 2000. HostPro anticipates expanding
its applications hosting offerings in the future.

Business connectivity

     HostPro provides dedicated digital subscriber line Internet connections for
businesses. Through the use of multiple Internet addresses and email accounts,
entire offices can be connected. HostPro also provides frame relays for
businesses that want to connect their computer networks to the Internet.

     During the six month period ended March 1, 2001, HostPro derived
approximately 47.6% of its revenues from shared services, 14.2% from dedicated
services, 3.7% from colocation hosting, 1.0% from applications hosting and 19.9%
from Internet connectivity revenues. The balance of the revenues was generated
primarily from the sale of hardware to customers.

SALES AND MARKETING

     HostPro markets its services primarily through its direct sales force, as
well as through a variety of other indirect channels.

Sales force

     HostPro's sales team responds to incoming inquiries about its services and
generates sales leads through direct outbound contact with potential customers.
HostPro has sales personnel located in Seattle, Washington, Los Angeles,
California, Boise, Idaho and Boca Raton, Florida. These sales teams focus on
selling its higher-value solutions, including dedicated managed hosting and
colocation services to customers. As of May 3, 2001, HostPro had 76 members of
its sales team.

Resellers and private label relationships

     HostPro offers its services through its network of resellers, which include
over 1,600 resellers, large channel and private label relationship partners. By
using these resellers, HostPro believes it can reach a larger customer audience
than it would otherwise be able to reach through using only an internal sales
force. HostPro's resellers include system integrators, value added hardware and
software resellers, Web developers and Web consulting companies.

Other sales and distribution channels

     HostPro also generates new customer leads through Internet marketing and
direct customer on-line registrations through HostPro's Web site. In addition,
HostPro generates new customers through referrals, both from existing customers
and other industry referrals.

Marketing

     HostPro markets its products and services through a variety of means,
including the HostPro Web sites, print advertising in Internet-related trade
publications and other periodicals, as well as radio and on-line advertising.
Other marketing activities include, direct mail campaigns, participation in
industry events and affiliate relationships, including cooperative marketing
with related services. The HostPro marketing team also is involved with product
and service strategy and definition, pricing, competitive analysis, product
launch, channel program management and product life cycle management.

CUSTOMERS

     HostPro typically provide hosting services directly to end user customers.
However, HostPro also provide hosting services to Web developers, Web consulting
firms and other organizations that bundle HostPro's services with a product or
service they provide to their end user customers. As of March 1, 2001, the
HostPro business had over 58,900 customers. No customer has accounted for more
than 10% of HostPro's revenues.

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT

     Micron Electronics believes that the future success of the HostPro business
will depend in large part on its ability to maintain and enhance its services
and to develop new services that achieve market acceptance.

     The Internet is characterized by rapid technological developments, frequent
new application introductions and evolving industry standards. The emerging
nature of this market and its rapid evolution will require that Micron
Electronics continually improve the HostPro services, particularly in response
to competing offerings. It must also introduce new services or enhancements as
quickly as possible. The success of a service introduction depends on several
factors, including proper definition of new services, timely completion and
introduction of new services, differentiation of new services from those of
competitors and market acceptance. Micron Electronics may not be successful in
developing and marketing new services that respond to competitive and
technological developments and changing customer needs. In addition, other
technological changes could render existing services obsolete or require Micron
Electronics to make substantial expenditures to adapt the services.

CUSTOMER SERVICE AND SUPPORT

     Micron Electronics believes that a high level of customer support is
integral to HostPro's success. HostPro provides customers with 24 hour a day
direct access to over 180 customer care and technical support personnel. HostPro
uses a variety of proactive monitoring services, trouble-ticketing systems and
on-line trouble management systems, which allow HostPro to rapidly identify,
remedy and track service interruptions. In HostPro's network operations center,
the health of servers, software, networks and security duties managed by HostPro
are managed through a centralized server-monitoring system.

NETWORK INFRASTRUCTURE, TECHNOLOGY AND OPERATIONS

     To provide a secure and reliable hosting environment, HostPro has
constructed a managed infrastructure, consisting of redundant Internet
communications backbone, enterprise management software and an advanced network.
HostPro's five data centers located in Los Angeles, California, Boise, Idaho,
Boca Raton, Florida, and Seattle and Moses Lake, Washington have been designed
to provide superior availability and reliability for its customers.

Data centers

     The data centers include:

     - state-of-the-art network operations centers that are managed and
       monitored 24 hours per day, every day of the year;

     - centralized and local monitoring of all critical systems;

     - redundant network hardware;

     - parallel-redundant backup power generators that have redundant capacity
       and allow maintenance to be performed on the system with little risk of a
       power outage;

     - fire suppressions systems;

     - cooling systems that include independent full grade mechanical systems;
       and

     - security, including security guards and video monitoring and entry
       restriction via access devices.

Proprietary technology

     HostPro has developed various proprietary technologies that are designed to
address the back-end processing and customer interface components of its
services, allowing customers to order, change and manage their Web hosting
accounts easily regardless of their level of technical expertise. HostPro's
auto-provision technology lets customers modify their Web sites from the
Internet without having to contact HostPro's support staff. This technology
provides HostPro the opportunity to achieve greater operational efficiencies and
empowers the customer by allowing them to change passwords, protect specific
directories, and create database sources without HostPro technical support
assistance.

Connectivity

     HostPro connects to high-capacity, Internet connectivity backbones,
offering some of the fastest transport speeds currently available. HostPro's
facilities offer neutral access to a variety of tier-one carriers and service
providers for connectivity. Carriers and providers can deliver a complete
spectrum of products, scalability and connectivity levels. HostPro also offers
10/100 megabyte and gigabit Ethernet server access to local area network;
multiple global, tier-one IP carriers for backbone infrastructure; and multiple
and redundant Internet connections using load balancing to ensure traffic flow.

COMPETITION

     The Web hosting and applications hosting markets are highly competitive and
are becoming more so. There are few substantial barriers to entry, and Micron
Electronics expects that HostPro will face additional competition from existing
competitors and new market entrants in the future. Micron Electronics may not
have the resources, expertise or other competitive factors to compete
successfully in the future. Many competitors have substantially greater
financial, technical and marketing resources, larger customer bases, longer
operating histories, greater name recognition and more established relationships
in the industry than Micron Electronics. As a result, these competitors may be
able to:

     - develop and expand their network infrastructures and service offerings
       more rapidly;

     - adapt to new or emerging technologies and changes in customer
       requirements more quickly;

     - take advantage of acquisition and other opportunities more readily; and

     - devote greater resources to the marketing and sale of their services and
       adopt more aggressive pricing policies than Micron Electronics.

     Micron Electronics' current and potential competitors in the hosting market
include:

     - Web hosting service providers;

     - applications hosting providers;

     - Internet service providers;

     - telecommunications companies;

     - large information technology firms that provide a wide array of
       information technology services; and

     - computer hardware suppliers.

     Competitors of HostPro may operate in one or more of these areas and
include companies such as Concentric Network Corporation, an XO Communications,
Inc. company, Data Return Corp., Digex Corporation, Digital Island, EarthLink,
Inc., Exodus Communications, Inc., Interliant, NTT Verio Inc., and Navisite,
Inc. In addition, several large diversified companies, such as Intel
Corporation, Dell Computer Corporation, International Business Machines
Corporation and AT&T Corporation, have entered or indicated their intent to
enter into the e-services market, which will intensify the competition.

     In an effort to gain market share, some competitors of HostPro have offered
similar Web hosting services at lower prices or with incentives not matched by
HostPro, including free start-up and domain name registration, periods of free
service, low-priced Internet access or free software. In addition, some
competitors may be able to provide customers with additional benefits, including
reduced communications costs, which could reduce the overall costs of their
services relative to those of HostPro. Micron Electronics may not be able to
reduce the pricing of the HostPro services or offer incentives in response to
the actions of competitors without harming the HostPro business. Because of the
fierce competition in the Web hosting and applications hosting industry, the
number of competitors could lead to a surplus in service providers, leading to
further reductions in the prices of services. Micron Electronics also believes
that the hosting market is likely to consolidate further in the near future,
which could result in increased price and other competition that could damage
the HostPro business.

     Micron Electronics believes that the primary competitive factors in the
hosting market include price, customer service and ease of use, particularly at
the lower end of the market, and reliability and expertise, or reputation for
delivering complex hosting solutions drives the purchase decision for higher
value services at the higher end of the market. Micron Electronics believes that
its HostPro business competes favorably with respect to these factors.

     Micron Electronics may not be able to maintain the competitive position of
HostPro against current or potential competitors, especially those with
significantly greater financial, marketing, service, support, technical and
other resources. Competitors with these greater resources may be able to
undertake more extensive marketing campaigns, adopt more aggressive pricing
policies and make more attractive offers to potential employees, distributors,
resellers or content services or other strategic partners.

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

     HostPro relies on a combination of trademark, service mark, copyright and
trade secret laws and contractual restrictions to establish and protect its
proprietary rights. Micron Electronics does not own any patents with respect to
the HostPro business. Micron Electronics also requires its employees,
consultants and independent contractors to enter into agreements containing,
among other things, non-disclosure provisions. In addition, the laws of some
foreign countries do not protect proprietary rights to as great an extent as do
the laws of the United States. Micron Electronics' means of protecting its
proprietary rights may not be adequate.

     In recent years, there has been significant litigation in the United States
involving patents and other intellectual property rights, particularly in the
software and Internet industries. Micron Electronics could become subject to
intellectual property infringement claims as the number of its competitors grows
and the HostPro services overlap with competitive offerings. These claims, even
if not meritorious, could be

expensive and divert management's attention from operating the company. If
Micron Electronics became liable to third parties for infringing their
intellectual property rights, it could be required to pay a substantial damage
award and to develop noninfringing technology, obtain a license or cease selling
the products that contain the infringing intellectual property. Micron
Electronics may be unable to develop noninfringing technology or obtain a
license on commercially reasonable terms, if at all.

     HostPro licenses or leases most technologies used in its business. If these
technology suppliers become subject to third-party infringement claims, they may
be unable or unwilling to continue to license their technology. The loss of
technology licenses could require Micron Electronics to seek to obtain
substitute technologies of lower quality or performance standards and any
replacement technology may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, or
at all.

GOVERNMENT REGULATION

     HostPro is not currently subject to direct federal, state or local
government regulation, other than regulations that apply to businesses
generally. Due to the increasing popularity and use of the Internet, however,
laws and regulations with respect to the Internet may be adopted at federal,
state and local levels, covering issues such as user privacy, freedom of
expression, pricing, characteristics and quality of products and services,
taxation, advertising, intellectual property rights, information security and
the convergence of traditional telecommunications services with Internet
communications. Micron Electronics cannot predict the nature of future
legislation and the manner in which government authorities may interpret and
enforce. As a result, HostPro or its customers could be subject to potential
liability under future legislation, which in turn could have a material adverse
effect on the HostPro business, results of operations and financial condition.
For example, if legislation were adopted in the U.S. or internationally that
makes transacting business over the Internet less favorable or otherwise
curtails the growth of the Internet, HostPro's business would suffer. The
adoption of any such laws or regulations might decrease the growth of the
Internet, which in turn could decrease the demand for HostPro's services or
increase the cost of doing business or in some other manner harm HostPro's
business.

     In addition, applicability to the Internet of existing laws governing
issues such as property ownership, copyright and other intellectual property
issues, taxation, libel, obscenity and personal privacy is uncertain. These laws
generally pre-date the advent of the Internet and related technologies and, as a
result, do not consider or address the unique issues of the Internet and related
technologies. Changes to laws intended to address these issues could create
uncertainty in the marketplace that could reduce demand for HostPro's services
or increase the cost of doing business as a result of costs of litigation or
increased service delivery costs, or could in some other manner have a material
adverse effect on HostPro's business.

     In addition, because HostPro's services are available over the Internet
virtually worldwide, and because it facilitates sales by customers to end users
located in multiple states and foreign countries, such jurisdictions may claim
that HostPro is required to qualify to do business as a foreign corporation in
each such state or that HostPro has a permanent establishment in each such
foreign country.

EMPLOYEES

     As of April 19, 2001, HostPro had 581 employees, of which 101 were sales
and marketing, 25 were in information technology, 342 were in customer service,
engineering and technical support and 113 were in finance and administration.
None of its employees are represented by a labor union, and management believes
that employee relations are good.

FACILITIES

     HostPro leases several facilities which includes 25,600 square feet of data
center and office space in Boise, Idaho, 34,300 square feet of data center and
office space in Los Angeles, California, 4,200 square feet of data center space
in Moses Lake, Washington, 43,800 square feet of office space in Bellevue,
Washington, 45,000 square feet of data center and other available space in
Tukwila, Washington,

1,200 square feet of data center space in Seattle, Washington and 12,000 square
feet of data center and office space in Boca Raton, Florida.

LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

     Micron Electronics is currently a party to various legal actions arising
out of the normal course of business, none of which is expected to have a
material adverse effect on the combined company's business.

               INTERLAND MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
                 FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

OVERVIEW

     Interland provides a broad range of Web hosting and applications hosting
and other related Web-based business solutions specifically designed to meet the
needs of small and medium-sized businesses. Interland's business is rapidly
evolving and it has limited operating history. As a result, Interland believes
that period-to-period comparisons of its revenue and operating results,
including its cost of revenue and other operating expenses as a percentage of
total revenue, are not meaningful and should not be relied upon as indicators of
future performance. Interland does not believe that its historical growth rates
are an indication of future results.

     Currently, Interland derives a substantial majority of its revenues from
shared and dedicated hosting and managed services. Interland also derives
revenue from applications hosting and consulting services. Interland's strategy
is to grow its customer base and revenues by marketing value-added services to
small and medium-sized businesses. Interland expects that its number of customer
accounts will grow rapidly, and that the revenue from the sale of higher margin
services, such as dedicated hosting and managed services, will increase more
rapidly than its base shared hosting revenue. Currently, most of its hosting
revenues are generated from recurring monthly fees. The remainder is derived
from one-time-set-up fees for installation. Interland currently sells its
services under agreements having terms of three months to two years. Most of its
customer agreements may be canceled within the first thirty days. For shared
servers, Interland receives payment in advance typically for the full contract
amount by direct charges to credit or debit cards. Interland recognizes all
revenues, including set-up fees, ratably over the term of the contract.

     Interland's expenses consist of:

     - cost of revenue, which is mainly comprised of compensation and related
       expenses for technical operations, Internet connectivity and other
       related telecommunications expense, and operating lease expense related
       to its data center;

     - sales and marketing, which is mainly comprised of compensation costs and
       costs associated with marketing its products and services. Compensation
       costs include salaries and related benefits, commissions and bonuses.
       Interland's marketing expenses include the costs of direct mail,
       advertising and other mass-market programs;

     - general and administrative, which is mainly comprised of compensation and
       related expenses, occupancy costs, and non-cash stock compensation
       expense, which relates to stock and options granted at exercise prices
       less than the fair market value of its common stock at the time of grant;
       and

     - depreciation and amortization of property and equipment.

     Interland has incurred significant losses and experienced negative cash
flow from operations since its inception and, as of March 31, 2001 and December
31, 2000, had an accumulated deficit of approximately $103.1 million and $86.2
million, respectively. Interland intends to continue to invest in sales and
marketing and the continued development of its network infrastructure and
technology. Interland expects to expand its operations and workforce, including
its network operations, technical support, and administrative resources in
response to sales growth. In addition, Interland intends to continue to expand
its existing inside and outside sales force to develop new sales channels and
relationships. Interland expects to continue to incur substantial losses through
2002, if not longer. Interland's ability to achieve profitability and positive
cash flow from operations will be dependent upon its ability to grow its
revenues and achieve operating efficiencies.

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

     The following table shows percentage of revenue data for the years ended
December 31, 1998, 1999, and 2000 and three months ended March 31, 2000 and
2001:

                                                THREE MONTHS ENDED
                                                    MARCH 31,          YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                ------------------    --------------------------
                                                 2001       2000       2000      1999      1998
                                                -------    -------    ------    ------    ------

Revenues....................................     100.0%     100.0%     100.0%    100.0%    100.0%
Operating expenses:
  Cost of revenue...........................     106.3      100.3       97.7      77.3      73.6
  Sales and marketing.......................      44.5       89.0      112.8      86.6     130.0
  General and administrative................      78.7       77.4       70.3     109.0      55.4
  Depreciation and amortization.............      26.9        9.4       18.4      11.0       8.3
                                                ------     ------     ------    ------    ------
Operating loss..............................    (156.4)    (176.1)    (199.2)   (183.9)   (167.3)
  Interest income...........................       7.0        5.6        8.5       2.3       0.1
  Interest expense..........................      (5.9)      (1.6)      (4.7)     (2.4)     (1.4)
                                                ------     ------     ------    ------    ------
     Net loss...............................    (155.3)%   (172.1)%   (195.4)%  (184.0)%  (168.6)%
                                                ======     ======     ======    ======    ======

COMPARISON OF THE THREE MONTHS ENDED MARCH 31, 2001 AND 2000

Revenues

     Interland's revenues increased $4.6 million, or 73.4%, to $10.9 million
during the three months ended March 31, 2001 from $6.3 million during the three
months ended March 31, 2000. This increase was due mainly to internal growth of
its business and the number of customer served. The number of Web sites
increased from 61,442 at March 31, 2000 to 88,571 at March 31, 2001.

Cost of revenue

     Interland's cost of revenue increased $5.3 million, or 83.7%, to $11.5
million, or 106.3% of revenue, during the three months ended March 31, 2001 from
$6.3 million, or 100.3% of revenue during the three months ended March 31, 2000,
due to the growth of its business and related expenses, including $2.7 million
in increased salary expense related to an increase in the number of data center
and customer service personnel, $1.5 million increase in operating lease
expense, $500,000 increase in Internet connection costs, and a $400,000 increase
in non-cash compensation. The non-cash expense largely related to deferred
expenses associated with Interland's strategic relationships with Microsoft,
VeriSign, and Verizon. Interland anticipates that costs of revenues will
increase in absolute dollars, but decline as a percentage of revenues as it
continues to grow, and achieve a more cost-effective scale of operations.

Sales and marketing

     Sales and marketing expenses decreased $747,000 to $4.8 million, or 44.5%
of revenue, during the three months ended March 31, 2001 from $5.6 million, or
89.0% of revenue during the three months ended March 31, 2000. This decrease was
due to a $2.6 million decrease in marketing communications expense, offset by an
increase in salary expense of $1.5 million from a higher number of sales
personnel. Interland expects its sales and marketing expenditures to increase in
absolute amount, but remain somewhat stable as a percentage of revenues over the
remaining three quarters of 2001.

General and administrative

     General and administrative expense increased $3.7 million to $8.6 million,
or 78.7% of revenue, during the three months ended March 31, 2001 from $4.9
million, or 77.4% of revenue during the three months ended March 31, 2000. The
main factors contributing to this increase included $2.3 million of non-
recurring costs related to the shut-down of its European subsidiary, a $560,000
increase in salary expense,

and a $560,000 increase in non-cash compensation related to the granting of
stock options in 2000 to employees at prices less than fair market value.
Interland expects its general and administrative expenses to increase in the
future, after normalizing for the one-time European shutdown expense, but
decline as a percentage of revenues as it grows, and achieves a more
cost-effective scale of operations.

Depreciation and amortization

     Depreciation and amortization expense increased $2.3 million to $2.9
million, or 26.9% of revenue during the three months ended March 31, 2001 from
$587,000, or 9.4% of revenue during the three months ended March 31, 2000, as a
result of Interland's investment in a new data center in Atlanta.

Interest income (expense), net

     Interest income (expense), net consists primarily of interest income on
Interland's cash and cash equivalent balances less interest expense on its
capital lease obligations. Interest earned on its cash and cash equivalents
increased $416,000 to $767,000, or 7.0% of revenue during the three months ended
March 31, 2001 from $350,000, or 5.6% of revenue during the three months ended
March 31, 2000. This increase was primarily due to the completion of an initial
public offering on July 25, 2000, which resulted in higher cash balances
available for investment. During the three months ended March 31, 2001 and 2000,
respectively, Interland incurred interest expense in the amount of $643,000 and
$99,000 on capital lease obligations.

Income taxes

     No provision for federal income taxes has been recorded as Interland has
incurred net operating losses from inception through March 31, 2001. As of
December 31, 2000, Interland had approximately $77 million of federal net
operating loss carry-forwards available to offset future taxable income, which
expire in varying amounts beginning in 2013. Interland has recorded a valuation
reserve for all its net deferred tax benefit in the three-month periods ended
March 31, 2001 and 2000 due to uncertainty that it will generate sufficient
taxable income during the carry-forward period to realize the benefit of its net
deferred tax asset.

Net loss

     Interland's net loss increased $6.1 million to $16.9 million during the
three months ended March 31, 2001 from $10.8 million during the three months
ended March 31, 2000. Interland's net loss increased mainly as a result of
increased cost of revenue and general and administrative expense. These expense
increases were partially offset by an increase in revenue of $4.6 million and a
decrease in sales and marketing expenses of $747,000.

COMPARISON OF THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2000 AND 1999

Revenues

     Interland's revenues increased $25.2 million, or 276.7%, to $34.3 million
during the year ended December 31, 2000 from $9.1 million during the year ended
December 31, 1999. This increase was due mainly to internal growth of its
business, the number of customers served, and the shift in the mix of its
business between shared and dedicated customers. During the years ended December
31, 2000 and 1999, Interland derived 60.6% and 75.9% of revenues from its shared
services, 25.1% and 9.8% of revenues from dedicated services and 14.3% and 14.3%
of revenues from applications hosting and professional services, respectively.
The number of Web sites increased from 46,094 at December 31, 1999 to 86,010 at
December 31, 2000. International revenues contributed approximately 10% and 7.5%
of Interland's total revenues for the years ended December 31, 2000 and 1999,
respectively.

Cost of revenue

     Interland's cost of revenue increased $26.4 million to $33.5 million, or
97.7% of revenue, during the year ended December 31, 2000 from $7.1 million, or
77.3% of revenue during the year ended December 31, 1999, due to the growth of
its business and related expenses, including $11.1 million in increased salary
expense related to a significant increase in the number of data center and
customer support personnel, non-cash expense of $3.2 million, increased
telecommunication and Internet connection costs of $1.1 million, increased
operating lease expense of $2.8 million, increased license fees for third-party
products used in delivering its services of $2.5 million, and increased
engineering consulting fees of $1.5 million. The non-cash expense largely
relates to deferred expenses associated with Interland's strategic relationships
with Microsoft, VeriSign, and Verizon. The increase in cost of revenue as a
percentage of revenue was partially attributable to Interland incurring these
costs in anticipation of growth and in advance of revenues. Interland
anticipates that costs of revenues will increase in absolute dollars, but
decline as a percentage of revenues as it continues to grow, and achieve a more
cost-effective scale of operations.

Sales and marketing

     Sales and marketing expenses increased $30.8 million to $38.7 million, or
112.8% of revenues, during the year ended December 31, 2000 from $7.9 million,
or 86.6% of revenues, during the year ended December 31, 1999. This increase was
due mainly to a $5.1 million increase in salary expense from a higher number of
sales personnel and a $24.4 million increase in advertising expense. Interland
expects its sales and marketing expenditures to decrease in both absolute
dollars and as a percentage of revenue in 2001.

General and administrative

     General and administrative expense increased $14.2 million to $24.1
million, or 70.3% of revenue, during the year ended December 31, 2000 from $9.9
million, or 109.0% of revenue, for the year ended December 31, 1999. The main
factors contributing to this increase include an increase in salary expense of
$7.6 million, a $900,000 increase in rent and a $1.9 million increase in
consulting and professional fees. Interland expects its general and
administrative expenses in absolute dollars to increase in the future but
decline as a percentage of revenues as it grows, and achieves a more
cost-effective scale of operations.

     Interland also recorded non-cash deferred stock compensation expense of
$9.0 million and $4.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2000 and 1999,
respectively, in connection with the grant of restricted stock and options and
issuance of common stock to consultants and employees. In the case of stock
option grants, this amount represents the difference between the fair market
value of Interland's common stock (as calculated consistent with applicable
accounting principles) and the exercise price of the options granted on the
dates the options were granted. In those cases where common stock was issued,
this amount represents the fair market value of Interland's common stock on the
date of issuance as determined by its board of directors. This amount is
included as a reduction of shareholders' equity and is being amortized ratably
over the vesting period of the options and restricted stock, which range from 18
months to three years. For the years ended December 31, 2000 and 1999,
respectively, Interland recorded $2.9 million and $3.6 million in non-cash stock
compensation expense, as general and administrative expense.

Depreciation and amortization

     Depreciation and amortization expenses increased $5.3 million to $6.3
million, or 18.4% of revenues, during the year ended December 31, 2000 from $1.0
million during the year ended December 31, 1999, as a result of Interland's
investment in a new data center in Atlanta.

Interest income (expense), net

     Interest income (expense), net consists primarily of interest income on
Interland's cash and cash equivalent balances less interest expense on its
capital lease obligations. Interest earned on its cash and cash equivalents
increased $2.7 million during the year ended December 31, 2000 from $206,000
during the year ended December 31, 1999. This increase was primarily due to the
completion of an initial public offering on July 25, 2000, which resulted in
higher cash balances available for investment. During the year ended December
31, 2000, Interland incurred interest expense in the amount of $1.6 million on
capital lease obligations.

Income taxes

     No provision for federal income taxes has been recorded as Interland has
incurred net operating losses from inception through December 31, 2000. As of
December 31, 2000, Interland had approximately $77.0 million of federal net
operating loss carry-forwards available to offset future taxable income which
expire in varying amounts beginning in 2013. Interland has recorded a valuation
reserve for all its net deferred tax benefit in the years ended December 31,
2000 and 1999 due to uncertainty that it will generate sufficient taxable income
during the carry-forward period to realize the benefit of its net deferred tax
asset.

Net loss

     Interland's net loss increased $50.2 million to $67.0 million during the
year ended December 31, 2000 from $16.8 million during the year ended December
31, 1999. Interland's net loss increased mainly as a result of increased cost of
revenue, sales and marketing, and general and administrative expense. These
expense increases were partially offset by an increase in revenue of $25.2
million to $34.3 million during the year ended December 31, 2000 from $9.1
million during the year ended December 31, 1999.

COMPARISON OF THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1999 AND 1998

Revenues

     Interland's revenues increased $7.7 million, or 557.6%, to $9.1 million
during the year ended December 31, 1999 from $1.4 million during the year ended
December 31, 1998. This increase was mainly due to the growth of the business
and number of customers served. The number of Web sites increased from 10,611 at
December 31, 1998 to 46,094 at December 31, 1999. Approximately 42% of
Interland's fiscal 1999 revenue was recognized in the fourth quarter.

Cost of revenue

     Interland's cost of revenue increased $6.0 million to $7.0 million, or
77.3% of revenue, during the year ended December 31, 1999 from $1.0 million, or
73.6% of revenue during the year ended December 31, 1998, due to the growth of
the business and related expenses, including increased salary costs of $3.2
million related to additional systems and customer support personnel, increased
telecommunication and Internet connection costs of $1.3 million, and increased
license fee payments of $655,000.

Sales and marketing

     Sales and marketing expenses increased $6.1 million to $7.9 million, or
86.6% of revenues, during the year ended December 31, 1999 from $1.8 million, or
130.0% of revenues during the year ended December 31, 1998. This increase was
largely due to a $1.8 million increase in salary expense due to an increase in
the number of sales personnel at higher compensation levels and increased
placement of advertising of $4.0 million.

General and administrative

     General and administrative expense increased $9.2 million to $9.9 million,
or 109.0% of revenue, during the year ended December 31, 1999 from $768,000, or
55.4% of revenue, during the year ended December 31, 1998. This increase was
mostly due to increased salary expense of $2.0 million, increased professional
fees of $401,000 and travel costs of $419,000, as well as severance expense of
$660,000 related to the termination of an officer.

     Interland recorded non-cash stock compensation expense of $3.6 million for
the year ended December 31, 1999, in connection with the grant of stock options
and issuance of common stock to employees and consultants. During the year ended
December 31, 1999, Interland granted stock options to purchase shares of its
common stock to employees and consultants at exercise prices below fair market
value. Interland recorded deferred compensation expense of approximately $4.5
million to additional paid in capital, which will be amortized over the vesting
period. There were no stock based compensation awards before 1999 and
accordingly there was no non-cash stock compensation expense in 1998.

Depreciation and amortization

     Depreciation and amortization expense increased $900,000 to $1.0 million,
or 11.0% of revenues, during the year ended December 31, 1999 from $115,000
during the year ended December 31, 1998, as a result of the growth of
Interland's business and number of customers served.

Interest income (expense), net

     Interest expense, net consists of interest income on Interland's cash
balances less interest expense on its capital lease obligations. Interest earned
on Interland's cash and cash equivalents increased $204,000 to $206,000 during
the year ended December 31, 1999 from $2,000 during the year ended December 31,
1998. This increase was mainly due to the closing of private placements of
preferred stock in December 1999, which resulted in higher cash balances
available for investment. During the year ended December 31, 1999, Interland
incurred interest expense of $220,000, compared to $20,000 in 1998.

Income taxes

     No provision for federal income taxes has been recorded as Interland has
incurred net operating losses from inception through December 31, 1999. As of
December 31, 1999, Interland had approximately $19.8 million of federal net
operating loss carry-forwards available to offset future taxable income, which
expire in varying amounts beginning in 2013. Interland has recorded a valuation
reserve for all net deferred tax benefit for the year ended December 31, 1999
due to uncertainty that it will generate sufficient taxable income during the
carry-forward period to realize the benefit of its net deferred tax asset.

Net loss

     Interland's net loss increased $14.5 million to $16.8 million during 1999
from $2.3 million during 1998. Its net loss increased mainly as a result of
increased cost of revenue, sales and marketing, and general and administrative
expense in 1999 from 1998. These increases were partially offset by an increase
in revenue of $7.7 million to $9.1 million for 1999 from $1.4 million for 1998.

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

     Interland has financed its operations to date mainly through public and
private equity placements and capital leases from vendors. At March 31, 2001 and
December 31, 2000, Interland had an accumulated deficit of $103.1 million and
$86.2 million, respectively, and cash and cash equivalents of $37.0 million as
of March 31, 2001. This balance of cash and cash equivalents is largely the
result of its completion of an initial public offering on July 25, 2000, which
raised net proceeds of $53.0 million and by Interland raising an additional
$28.5 million from the sale of 2,375,000 shares of common stock to three
investors on July 26, 2000.

     During the years ended December 31, 1998, 1999, and 2000, Interland used
cash to fund operations of $30,000, $2.2 million, and $37.3 million,
respectively. The increase in cash used in operations was due mainly to working
capital requirements and net losses, offset by increases in accounts payable,
unearned revenue and accrued expenses. Net cash used in investing activities was
$1.1 million, $8.8 million, and $39.9 million for the years ended December 31,
1998, 1999, and 2000, respectively, and is comprised mainly of equipment
purchases of $1.1 million, $7.7 million, and $37.0 million, respectively. Net
cash provided by financing activities was $1.8 million, $35.0 million, and
$109.0 million during the years ended December 31, 1998, 1999, and 2000,
respectively, and is related mainly to public and private equity placements as
well as borrowings under capital leases. Total borrowings under Interland's
capital lease obligations as of December 31, 2000 were approximately $15.7
million.

     During the three months ended March 31, 2001 and 2000, Interland used cash
to fund operations of $17.2 million and $2.1 million, respectively. The increase
in cash used in operations was due mainly to working capital requirements and
net losses. Net cash used in investing activities was $5.0 million and $7.8
million for the three months ended March 31, 2001 and 2000, respectively, and is
comprised mainly of equipment purchases of $4.6 million and $7.6 million,
respectively. Net cash (used in)/provided by financing activities was $(1.0)
million and $4.3 million during the three months ended March 31, 2001 and 2000,
respectively, and is related mainly to the sale of our series A preferred stock
in private placements, as well as borrowings and payments under capital leases.
Total borrowings under our capital lease obligations as of March 31, 2001 were
approximately $14.8 million.

     Interland is pursuing an internal growth strategy that it anticipates may
require additional funding before it begins to generate positive cash flow.
Interland believes that its current cash and cash equivalent balances will be
sufficient to fund execution of its current business plan through the end of
2001. However, the execution of Interland's business plan may require additional
capital to fund its operating losses, working capital needs, sales and marketing
expenses, lease payments and capital expenditures. In view of future expansion
plans, Interland will consider its financing alternatives, which may include the
incurrence of debt, additional public or private equity offerings, or an equity
investment by a strategic partner. Actual capital requirements may vary based
upon the timing and success of the expansion of Interland's operations.
Interland's capital requirements may also change based upon technological and
competitive developments. In addition, several factors may affect Interland's
capital requirements:

          - demand for Interland's services or its anticipated cash flow from
            operations being less than expected;

          - Interland's development plans or projections proving to be
            inaccurate;

          - Interland engaging in strategic relationships or acquisitions; and

          - Interland accelerating, or otherwise altering, the schedule of its
            expansion plan.

     On May 15, 2000 Interland executed a loan agreement in the amount of $3.0
million to finance a portion of these capital expenditures. The loan is secured
by the related assets, bears interest at 16.1% per year and has a three-year
term. On October 3, 2000 Interland received an additional $3.0 million under
this loan, and as of December 31, 2000, Interland had drawn down approximately
$2.0 million.

     On June 30, 2000 Interland executed an amendment to a master lease and
financing agreement with Compaq Financial Services Corporation, which provides a
line of credit for the purchase and lease of equipment in the amount of $29.5
million. Additionally, on June 30, 2000 Interland executed a supplemental master
lease and financing agreement with Hewlett-Packard Corporation, which increased
the equipment financing line of credit by $12.0 million to $20.0 million.

     On December 14, 2000 Interland executed a master lease agreement with a
diversified financial services company for up to $12.0 million to finance
expansion of its data center.

     At December 31, 2000 Interland had made commitments of approximately $2.3
million in capital expenditures outstanding for expanded network and facilities.

     On March 5, 2001 Interland entered into a Service Provider Agreement with
MCI WorldCom Network Services, Inc. The term of the agreement is three years,
and grants to WorldCom the non-exclusive right to resell Interland's shared and
dedicated hosting plans, e-commerce solutions, web design services, and related
support services directly to its customer base. Over the course of the
agreement, WorldCom has guaranteed Interland revenue of at least $3,000,000.

     On March 22, 2001 Interland guaranteed loan obligations of Ken Gavranovic,
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, to Bear Stearns to repay a $3.4 million
loan. Mr. Gavranovic has entered into an agreement with Interland under which he
has agreed to promptly repay Interland any amounts that Interland may pay under
that guarantee. Micron Electronics, Inc. will assume the rights and obligations
of the guarantee at the effective time of the merger described below. This loan
is secured by a lien on all the shares of Interland owed by Mr. Gavranovic, and
salary, severance pay, or other amounts payable to Mr. Gavranovic may be offset
against the loan.

     On March 23, 2001, Micron Electronics, Inc., Interland, Inc., and Imagine
Acquisition Corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary of Micron Electronics entered
into an Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of March 22, 2001. Subject to the
terms and conditions of the merger agreement, Imagine will merge with and into
Interland, with Interland to survive the merger and become a wholly owned
subsidiary of Micron Electronics. Each outstanding share of Interland's common
stock will be exchanged for 0.861 shares of Micron Electronics' common stock and
options and warrants to purchase Interland's common stock will be exchanged for
options or warrants, respectively, to purchase shares of Micron Electronics'
common stock according to the exchange ratio. In the event that Micron
Electronics' cash and cash equivalents net of those liabilities and related
reserves that do not relate to its hosting business, Net Available Cash, are
less than $200 million, less the amount of any loans made to Interland by Micron
Electronics under the bridge loan and security agreement as of closing, the
exchange ratio will be adjusted as provided in the schedule attached as Annex D.
If the Net Available Cash is less than $100 million at the closing, then
Interland will have the right to terminate the merger agreement; provided,
however, that such termination right may not be exercised by Interland if it has
been advanced more than $10.0 million by Micron Electronics pursuant to the
bridge loan and security agreement entered into contemporaneously with the
merger agreement.

     Pursuant to the bridge loan agreement, if the closing of the merger has not
occurred prior to June 30, 2001, Micron Electronics has agreed to advance up to
an aggregate principal amount of $10 million to Interland between June 30, 2001
and August 31, 2001, and if the closing has not occurred prior to August 31,
2001, up to an aggregate principal amount of $20 million (including all amounts
previously advanced under the bridge loan agreement) between August 31, 2001 and
the earlier to occur of (1) the closing or (2) the termination of the merger
agreement. Interest accrues on amounts advanced under the bridge loan agreement
at the rate of 10% per annum.

     There can be no assurance that additional financing, if required, will be
available on satisfactory terms, or at all. If Interland does not obtain
additional financing, it intends to reduce its level of spending on both capital
and operating expenses in order to utilize its existing cash balances to
continue expanding the operations on a reduced scale.

RECENT AND PROPOSED ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS

     In September 1999, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued a
Proposed Statement of Financial Accounting Standards, or the Exposure Draft,
entitled Business Combinations and Intangible Assets. The issuance of a final
statement is currently expected in June 2001. The statement would prohibit the
application of the pooling-of-interests method for any business combination
initiated after June 30, 2001. Goodwill arising from business combinations
completed after the release of the statement will not be amortized and the
acquisition of identifiable intangible assets that occur after release of the
statement must be accounted for by allocating the purchase price to the
intangible assets.

     In June 1998 the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards No. 133, or SFAS 133, "Accounting for Derivative
Instruments and Hedging Activities."

SFAS 133 established accounting and reporting standards for derivative
instruments and for hedging activities. SFAS is effective for fiscal years
beginning after June 15, 2000. Interland adopted SFAS 133, as amended by SFAS
138, as of January 1, 2001. The adoption did not have a material effect on its
results of operations or financial condition.

                              INTERLAND'S BUSINESS

OVERVIEW

     Interland provides a broad range of Web and applications hosting, managed
services and other related Web-based business solutions specifically designed to
meet the needs of small to medium-sized businesses. Interland's Web hosting
services include the computer hardware, software, network technology and systems
management necessary to support its customers' Web sites. Through application
hosting services, Interland deploys, configures and supports various software
applications that customers can access over the Internet. Interland's managed
services include system administration, data backup and recovery, and network
monitoring.

     Interland's Web hosting business began in September 1997 and as of March
31, 2001 had approximately 54,000 customer accounts. During this time, Interland
has developed key strategic relationships with Microsoft, Verizon, and VeriSign,
all of which have made equity investments in Interland. In addition, Interland
has a private label distribution relationship with Road Runner. Interland also
has strong business relationships with leading technology providers including
Cisco, Cobalt Networks, Compaq, Hewlett-Packard, Red Hat, Internet Security
Systems, Veritas and Open Wave.

     Interland bases its hosting services mainly on the Microsoft NT and Red Hat
Linux operating systems. Interland generally sells services to customers under
fully pre-paid contracts that are typically between three months and two years
in length. Interland's operations are currently carried out in a single data
center located in Atlanta, Georgia. This data center is located in close
proximity to the major access points of Internet connectivity providers.

INTERLAND'S SERVICES

     Interland offers an integrated suite of Web and applications hosting and
related business services designed to specifically address the needs of small
and medium-sized businesses. These services include:

          - shared hosting;

          - dedicated hosting (including high availability hosting) and managed
            services;

          - applications hosting; and

          - consulting services.

During the year ended December 31, 2000, Interland derived 60.6% of its revenues
from its shared services, 25.1% from dedicated services and 14.3% from
applications hosting and consulting services.

Shared hosting

     Shared hosting services are entry-level service plans designed for Web
sites with relatively low volumes of traffic. Interland's shared hosting
packages minimize the cost for customers by providing hosting services for
multiple customers on a single shared server, spreading the cost of the service
over many users. Shared hosting is particularly attractive to small- to
medium-sized businesses looking to build their Web presence. Interland's shared
hosting service plans also include many standard features and more complex
options for database support, e-commerce support, multi-media services and
extensive e-mail support. The large majority of its customers currently use its
shared hosting services. Interland intends to reassess continually the needs of
its shared hosting customers and, when appropriate, to encourage them to add
capacity and the ability to provide additional functions to their Web sites by
migrating to dedicated and high availability hosting and managed services.

Dedicated hosting and managed services

     Dedicated hosting services are designed for customers with complex
requirements and high traffic volumes. Web sites on dedicated servers typically
have database driven content that requires multiple

applications and database servers to operate. Interland's dedicated service
plans provide each customer with a complete Web site hosting solution including
all of the hardware, software, network equipment and support necessary to run
the Web site. These service plans offer a number of advantages to its customers
in addition to those received in its shared hosting packages, including:

          - Capacity -- the customer receives greater processing and storage
            resources;

          - Reliability -- the customer's Web site is located on its own server
            reducing the possibility of server related difficulties;

          - Flexibility -- it can customize a specific customer's server or
            servers to optimize performance and enhance security; and

          - Speed -- dedicated servers can reduce response time and increase
            processing speed of the customer's Web site, allowing for faster
            access to the Web sites information and services and an improved
            experience for the end-user.

     Interland also offers its high availability, dedicated services to
customers whose Web sites typically require sophisticated databases for critical
application needs or typically experience high user traffic volumes. This
service allows customers to use multiple servers and is designed to allow its
customers' applications to continue operating in the event of a server failure.
The use of multiple servers therefore provides enhanced reliability and
performance to its customers so that they may securely and efficiently
distribute Web site content and related data. Interland's high performance, high
availability dedicated hosting service plans provide each customer with
hardware, software, network equipment and high-end customer support necessary to
run the Web site.

     In October 2000, Interland began offering managed services, including
system administration, data backup and recovery, and network monitoring. These
services complement its dedicated hosting plans and are utilized by customers
that choose high performance Web hosting that is fully managed by Interland.
Some of these managed services agreements are backed by service level agreements
which provide for specific parameters relating to the uptime and availability of
a customer's Web site.

Applications hosting

     Interland's applications hosting services allow its customers to outsource
to it the deployment, configuration, hosting, management and support of various
software applications. Its applications hosting services allow its customers to
deploy a software application more quickly and with reduced up-front costs. In
addition, many small and medium-sized businesses do not have the internal
technical resources to support multiple software applications. Interland
therefore believes that outsourcing these functions to it is a desirable and
increasingly preferred alternative for these businesses. The types of
applications it hosts for its customers include collaboration tools, business
tools, mail-service tools, and e-commerce applications. Currently, the
applications it hosts consist mainly of Microsoft Exchange Server, Office Server
Extension and various e-commerce and security products.

Consulting services

     Interland's consulting and professional services provide assistance to
customers with unique requirements. These services include:

          - Web site design and re-modeling or enhancement of existing sites to
            optimize performance;

          - e-commerce enabling;

          - system configuration and integration; and

          - provisioning of customized applications.

     Interland's consulting engagements typically range from a few hours to a
few days depending upon the complexity of the services needed. Because many of
its customers are new to the Internet, Interland

believes these services are critical to the success of its customers and are
necessary for it to be a complete hosting services provider. It bills most of
the services on an hourly basis that it pre-packages and prices in standard
blocks.

Pricing

     Interland sells its hosting services under contracts that typically range
from three months to two years in length for shared servers. It typically
requires payment for the full contract amount at the initiation of the service.
Its Web site hosting offerings and prices for new installations as of April 15,
2001 are generally described in the table below.

       SERVICE TYPE               SERVICE LEVEL              SET-UP FEE            MONTHLY FEE(1)
       ------------         --------------------------  ---------------------   ---------------------

Shared Hosting Services     Microsoft:
                            TrueBasic                                  $49.95                  $27.95
                            TrueAdvantage                              $49.95                  $55.95
                            TrueBusiness                               $49.95                 $105.95
                            TrueEnterprise                            $449.95                 $499.95
                            Unix:
                            TrueBasic                                  $49.95                  $22.95
                            TrueAdvantage                              $49.95                  $49.95
                            TrueBusiness                               $49.95                  $99.95
                            TrueEnterprise                  $399.95 - $699.95                 $499.95
Dedicated Hosting Services  Basic Business                  $599.00 - $699.00                 $499.95
                            Select Business                 $699.00 - $899.00                 $799.95
                            Corporate Business          $1,199.00 - $1,399.00                 $999.95
                            Corporate Business Plus     $2,299.00 - $2,499.00               $1,499.95
                            Advanced Business           $2,799.00 - $2,999.00               $2,799.95
Managed Services            Managed Web Services             $350.00 - 525.00       $599.00 - $899.00
                            Managed Database Services               $1,199.00               $1,999.00
                            Managed Web & Database
                            Services                                $1,999.00               $1,999.00
High Availability Services  High Availability Silver    $3,499.00 - $6,599.00   $3,999.00 - $7,599.00
                            High Availability Platinum  $14,599.00 - $17,599.00 $15,599.00 - $18,599.00

- -------------------------
(1) The monthly fees listed above are for short-term contracts. Interland
    typically offers its customers discounts for longer-term contracts.

     Interland's applications hosting services are also provided on a monthly
basis. The fees for these services vary depending on the applications being
provided.

     To further simplify the purchasing process for its customers, Interland
describes all Web hosting service plans, including features and prices, on its
Web site. This enables its customers to evaluate the various service offerings
before contacting one of its sales representatives, which in turn shortens its
selling cycle, reduces its customer acquisition costs and ultimately enhances
customer satisfaction by making readily available the necessary technical and
business information for choosing the appropriate service level. Interland
upgrades its Web site regularly to provide more product information and enhanced
purchasing capabilities for its existing and prospective customers.

SALES AND MARKETING

     Interland utilizes multiple sales and distribution channels in an effort to
maximize its market share. These channels include direct sales through sales
professionals, indirect sales through reseller and private-label arrangements,
co-marketing relationships, and other channels.

Direct sales

     Interland's direct sales efforts are carried out by three primary groups,
in-bound and out-bound sales professionals, both located in Atlanta, and an
outside sales force based in five regional offices.

Inbound sales force

     Interland's in-bound sales force responds to incoming inquiries about its
services. Its sales force is trained in a relationship selling methodology that
allows them to better assess the needs of customers and to recommend tailored
solutions. This methodology gives its customers a one-on-one consultative
relationship with a sales professional in which the specific desires of the
customer are appropriately addressed. As this relationship develops and its
customer grows, the salesperson can assess the customer's needs and work to
provide the customer with tailored services. The salesperson can also carefully
monitor the customer's account to make sure that it is proactive in offering
additional products and services as the customer's needs change and expand.

Outbound sales force

     Interland's out-bound sales force generates sales leads through direct
contact with potential customers. These sales specialists generate new business
through telemarketing, direct mail and Internet contact. These sales specialists
are also provided specific training so that they can effectively consult and
sell to potential customers.

Outside regional sales force

     During the second half of 2000, Interland initiated the deployment of its
outside sales force. This sales team focuses on selling its higher-value
solutions, including dedicated hosting, high availability hosting and managed
services, to customers. Currently, there are five regional sales offices located
in Atlanta, Chicago, Dallas, Los Angeles and New York with approximately 20
sales representatives. These sales specialists are also actively involved with
managing the customer relationship through the entire Web development and
building process.

     In addition to initial training, every sales specialist must attend two
hours per week of on-going training. This training helps to educate all of its
sales personnel about its technological advances and its latest service
offerings.

Resellers and private label relationships

     Interland currently has a network of resellers consisting of businesses
including system integrators, value added hardware and software resellers, Web
developers and Web consulting companies and Internet service providers. These
resellers allow it to cost-effectively address a large customer audience that
Interland could not otherwise reach. Its largest reseller is Road Runner.

Other sales and distribution channels

     Interland also pursues sales through a number of other indirect channels,
including Internet marketing, customer referrals, and industry referrals.

Internet marketing

     A portion of Interland's new customers come to it through on-line
registrations. Its Internet marketing sales programs offer an automated on-line
sales interface to potential customers. This enables its customers to purchase
services at any time from its Web site.

Customer referrals

     Interland believes that customer referrals are an excellent source of new
customers. Many new customers have come to Interland through referrals from
other customers who have had a good relationship with it. While it rewards its
customers for these referrals with discounts on their services, Interland also
believes that its reputation for excellent customer service leads to many of
these referrals.

Industry referrals

     Interland received many referral customers from other providers of Internet
related services, including Web designers and other Internet industry
professionals. These other service providers who work with Interland on a
regular basis have experience and knowledge of its services that make them a
valuable source of new customers.

Customer manager system

     All of Interland's sales efforts are supported by its customer manager
system, a proprietary system that helps it manage its entire relationship with
its customers. After a customer has initiated service with Interland, the
customer manager system automatically provisions the service on the Web server
the customer has selected, verifies correct setup, e-mails the customer its
contract and service information, prints a label to mail the new customer
information (including a 30-page manual), and queues the customer for future
billing. All calls for customer service and any invoicing are also stored inside
the customer manager system, along with usage statistics, referral information,
and other pertinent customer information. The system automatically invoices,
debits checking accounts and credit cards, generates late notices, initiates
human follow-up calls, and cancels delinquent accounts. The system also provides
Interland with useful information to spot troubled servers, estimate cost of
customer acquisitions by advertising medium or lead source, and spot abusive
users, among dozens of other reports.

Marketing

     Interland's product marketing team supports the direct advertising and
marketing activities that it conducts. The focus of this team is to develop and
launch a range of products and services that will meet its customer's needs.
Product marketing activities include product strategy and definition, pricing,
competitive analysis, product launch, channel program management and product
life cycle management. By aligning the product marketing organization around its
three key services areas, Interland is able to focus and deliver products and
services quickly.

KEY STRATEGIC RELATIONSHIPS

     Interland has established and will continue to forge strategic
relationships with leading technology providers, including major software,
hardware, development and Internet marketing organizations, to enhance its
products and services. These relationships enable it to more quickly gain access
to innovative technologies, provide more creative solutions for its customers,
and allow it to offer its customers many of the same resources that would
otherwise be prohibitively expensive for them to acquire. Interland is also able
to build upon the research and development and expertise of these companies in
developing and launching new products. It therefore believes that these
relationships will enable it to continue to provide its customers with the
necessary tools to create, host and maintain a successful Web presence and have
access to sophisticated e-commerce and applications solutions. These
relationships also provide it with unique marketing and sales opportunities to
customers to which it might not otherwise have access.

Microsoft Corporation

     Interland is a Microsoft Certified Solution Partner and is currently
engaged in several initiatives with Microsoft. Interland recently entered into a
development, license and co-marketing agreement with Microsoft. Interland agreed
to develop software and related materials that will enable the installation of
packaged hosted service on Microsoft's Windows 2000 and NT platforms and have
granted Microsoft a perpetual, irrevocable license to the software. It will pay
Microsoft five percent of the total gross revenues that it receives from
licensing or otherwise exploiting the software for five years following
Microsoft's acceptance of the software. In return, Microsoft provides Interland
with an opportunity to be involved in beta programs and training initiatives for
Microsoft's IIS program and the Windows 2000 and Exchange Server products. In
addition, Microsoft has agreed to include it at trade show events. The agreement
will continue until terminated by either party for cause or by Microsoft if
Interland fails to deliver the software or related documentation. Microsoft has
invested $12.5 million in Interland's common stock and holds warrants to
purchase 1,015,230 shares of its common stock.

     Interland has recently entered into an updated application services
agreement that revises the framework under which it can obtain and license
various Microsoft products. The updated agreement governs its use of Exchange
Server, Officer Server Extension and other products in its hosting operations
and requires it to flow-down particular licensing terms to its end-users. Under
the agreement, Interland has a choice of paying Microsoft on a per processor or
unique individual user basis for each of the covered products. The agreement has
a term of two years, and expires on January 31, 2003.

VeriSign

     Interland has a strategic alliance with VeriSign, the leading Internet
trust authority. Through a premier program agreement, Interland utilizes
VeriSign's domain name registration, secure socket layer digital certificate,
and secure payment processing services. This relationship provides Interland
with the ability to license access to VeriSign's domain name record servers and
registry database. VeriSign promotes Interland as a preferred hosting partner
and in return Interland uses VeriSign as its exclusive registrar of generic
top-level domain names. Interland pays for domain registration services through
a wholesale cost model and can offer domain name registration services for a
period of ten years. The term of the agreement is four years and will renew
automatically for one-year terms. In addition, VeriSign has invested $10.0
million in Interland's common stock and holds warrants to purchase 747,313
shares of its common stock.

Road Runner

     Road Runner is an affiliate of AOL Time Warner Inc. Road Runner provides
high-speed Internet access through the cable television infrastructure. One of
the services Road Runner offers to its customers is Web hosting. Pursuant to a
reseller agreement, Road Runner has engaged Interland as the exclusive provider
of these services. These services are branded under the Road Runner brand, but
Interland provides all Web hosting and support services. Road Runner is
responsible for the collection of payments from its customers and pays Interland
with respect to each of its customers. Interland also provides training for the
sales and support representatives of Road Runner. The term of this agreement is
for two years, but may be terminated by either party upon 120 days written
notice. In connection with this relationship, Interland granted a warrant to
Road Runner to purchase up to 376,920 shares of its common stock based on its
achievement of performance criteria.

Verizon

     In October 2000, Interland entered into a business relationship with
Verizon, Inc., a leading provider of communications and information services.
The business relationship consists of a marketing channel relationship and a
service provider relationship. Under the marketing channel relationship,
Interland jointly markets and promotes a co-branded version of its products and
services to some of Verizon's customers. In return for Verizon's identification
of customers, Interland will pay Verizon 12.5% of revenue received by it

under the marketing channel relationship. Under the service provider
relationship, Verizon has the right to market and sell a co-branded version of
Interland's products and services to its business customers. In addition,
Interland is the only shared Web hosting service provider with which Verizon has
a co-branded marketing arrangement, other than Verizon's existing arrangements.
The term of the business relationship is three years and automatically renews
for three-year terms. As part of the Marketing Channel relationship, Verizon and
Interland have committed $6.0 million towards marketing efforts over the term of
the agreement. Verizon has invested $25.0 million in Interland's common stock
and holds a warrant to purchase 3,132,000 shares of its common stock.

Other co-marketing and supplier arrangements

     Interland has entered into a number of other co-marketing and supplier
relationships. Some of these relationships include:

CO-MARKETING RELATIONSHIPS        SUPPLIER RELATIONSHIPS              REFERRAL RELATIONSHIPS
- --------------------------        ----------------------              ----------------------

Stamps.com                  Allaire (Software -- Cold Fusion)   International Webmasters
Verizon                     Cisco (Hardware)                    Association
VeriSign                    Sun Cobalt Networks (Hardware)      Small Business Alliance
Microsoft                   Red Hat (Linux platform)            World Organization of Webmasters
                            SoftQuad Software Inc.              SmallBusinessDepot.com
                            (Software -- HotMetal Pro 6.0)      International Profit Associates
                            Miva (software -- E-commerce)       (IPA)
                            Hewlett-Packard (Hardware)          Online Data Corp (Merchant
                            Openwave Systems (Hardware/Email)   Accounts)
                            Veritas (Backup Software)           Fleet Financial of Boston
                            Internet Security Systems
                            (Security -- Managed Services)
                            Inex (Software -- E-commerce)
                            Webtrends (Software)
                            RealNetworks (Software)
                            Systar (Server Management
                            Software)
                            BMC (Server Management Software)
                            MacroMedia
                            Adobe
                            Compaq
                            Worldpay
                            Software.com

     The nature of these relationships is generally to enable Interland to
further promote its brand identity while seeking cost-effective access to a
larger addressable market. Some of these relationships impose mutual minimum
levels of advertising expenditure commitments.

CUSTOMERS

     Interland began its operations in the Web solutions market in September
1997. As of March 31, 2001, it was delivering services to 88,571 customer Web
sites. A large majority of its customers are located in the United States and
are traditional small- and medium-sized businesses. Approximately 10% of its
customers are in other countries with some of them being local Internet service
providers in their countries.

     The number of its customer Web sites grew from 10,611 at December 31, 1998
to 46,094 at December 31, 1999, to 86,010 at December 31, 2000 and to 88,571 at
March 31, 2001. This growth resulted from the internal development of its
customer base through advertising and reseller efforts.

     Interland enters into contracts with shared and low-end dedicated
customers, the majority of which range from three months to two years. As of
March 31, 2001, it had contracts with an average length of 12.9 months and
approximately 72% of its contracts have a length of at least 12 months. These
contracts are typically prepaid at the time they are initiated. If the contract
is canceled in the first thirty days, it gives the customer a full refund.

     Interland enters into 12 or 24-month non-cancelable contracts with its
high-end dedicated customers. These contracts are typically paid on a
month-to-month basis, one month in advance.

CUSTOMER SERVICE AND SUPPORT

     Interland believes customer service and support is critical to its future
success and growth. It offers superior customer service by understanding the
technical requirements and business objectives of its customers and by
fulfilling their needs proactively on an individual basis. Its customer service
staff is focused on direct and indirect customer service and support. It
provides technical support 24 hours a day, seven days a week, 365 days a year,
and has developed a customized, life-cycle support management approach to
Interland's operations.

     In servicing and supporting its customers, Interland utilizes a number of
sophisticated automated systems, including a problem resolution and
trouble-ticketing system, an enterprise system-monitoring platform,
sophisticated telephone system, on-line trouble management system, and workforce
management system. It also conducts customer satisfaction surveys on a regular
basis to help it improve its support and product offerings. Interland believes
that its approach to customer service and its ability to respond rapidly to
customer needs provides it with a significant competitive advantage.

NETWORK AND TECHNOLOGY INFRASTRUCTURE

     Interland designed its high performance server network to provide superior
availability and reliability for its customers' hosting operations. The network
currently consists primarily of one data center in Atlanta connected by a high
performance network to the Internet. Within the data center a virtual
local-area-network provides redundant, high-speed internal connectivity.

Data center

     Interland's new data center is a secure, redundant, and high-speed hosting
facility. The data center is in close proximity to all major carrier network
centers and is capable of supporting any of the current and future products it
plans to deploy. It maintains two backup systems for each component of the
hosting process ranging from backup servers to multiple access lines.
Additionally, it has purchased several power generators to ensure that even in
the event of a power failure, its facilities will continue to operate. Its
server computer rooms have cooling and fire suppression systems. It removes all
tape backups to a remote facility for storage in a fireproof facility. It also
has a highly trained and experienced technical staff that continually monitors
the operations of the network and servers on a 24 hours a day, seven days a week
basis through its network operations center.

Customer load balancing

     Interland maintains a customer ratio on its shared servers that allows
quick access to its shared customers' Web sites, even under heavy loads. More
importantly, as its customer's Web sites become more interactive, its customer
ratio will allow the Web server to handle the additional loads without further
hardware investment. It believes that this future planning will offer
significant advantages over competitors who have higher customer ratios and
central processing unit utilization. It believes these competitors will have to
purchase additional hardware and move customers onto multiple Web servers as the
sites become more interactive, and thus more central processing unit intensive.

Proprietary technology

     Interland has developed various proprietary technologies that address the
back-end processing and customer interface components of its services, allowing
customers to order, change and manage their Web hosting accounts easily
regardless of their level of technical expertise. It designed its auto-provision
technology to let customers make modifications to their sites from the Internet
without having to contact one of its support staff members. For example, it
provides customers with the ability to change passwords, protect specific
directories, and create database sources without interacting with one of its
representatives. The technology allows it to provide graphical statistics free
to all customers. These statistics provide detailed reports on Web site usage,
including categories such as top referring sites, number of unique Web hits,
origin of Web hits, and periods of highest usage. In sum, Interland's
proprietary technology allows it to provide flexibility to its customers and
help them create the services they need.

     Interland's proprietary technology also results in greater operational
efficiency. It has developed innovative billing technology that simplifies the
accounting process and leads to effective cash management.

Connectivity

     Interland utilizes multiple DS-3 connections to the Internet. Its data
center is provisioned directly off Packet of Sonet interconnections to the major
Internet carriers. Its new facility opened in March 2000 with multiple OC3 and
OC12 connections.

     Interland designed its high-speed network and high-speed Internet backbone
to have sufficient capacity to assure that its customers' Web site traffic is
processed as quickly as possible. By utilizing top tier connectivity, it is able
to offer highly resilient, redundant, and high-speed connectivity between the
Internet and Interland's data center.

Location advantage

     An important component of Interland's connectivity is its Atlanta location.
It uses multiple connectivity providers, including UUnet, Sprint, Qwest, Cable &
Wireless, and Digex, to prevent any single failure point.

     Interland's proximity to its connectivity providers provides it with
several benefits. First, it enhances the connection speed to the Internet as the
distance to the providers has been reduced. Second, the cost of connecting to
its connection points of its major providers is minimized. Third, it is able to
add capacity to its connections to Internet access providers more quickly as its
needs expand. It therefore believes that its location provides it with a
competitive advantage over hosting companies located in remote locations,
relative to major Internet connection points. These competitors may experience
delays in adding capacity to handle increased demand and will probably pay
premiums to have the capacity delivered to their locations.

Network operations center

     Interland fully staffs its Atlanta network operations center 24 hours a
day, seven days a week with technical experts in Windows 2000 and NT and Linux
operating platforms. The network operations center personnel monitor each piece
of equipment, including routers, switches, and servers. The design and systems
used in the network operations center allow its systems engineers and
administrators and support staff to be promptly alerted to problems. It has
documented procedures for rapidly resolving any technical problems that arise.
The network operations center and its customer care center are fully integrated
and have documented communication and escalation procedures. Its network
operations center is also responsible for monitoring all Internet and
communication connections to make sure they are functional and properly loaded.

Network security

     Interland's network incorporates host-based security with Cisco router
access control lists, as well as SecurID token-based authentication. In addition
to these physical security measures, it has a formal security policy in place,
including employee training, that governs all facets of its business and
guidelines governing internal and external access to information housed in its
network system.

COMPETITION

     The markets in which Interland competes are highly competitive. Because
there are no substantial barriers to entry, it expects that it will face
competition from both existing competitors and new market entrants in the
future. It believes that participants in these markets must grow rapidly and
achieve a significant presence to compete effectively. It believes that the
primary competitive factors determining success in its markets include:

     - technical expertise in developing advanced Web hosting solutions;

     - Internet system engineering and technical expertise;

     - quality of service, including speed, network capability, expansion
       capability, reliability, security and ability to support multiple
       functions;

     - brand name recognition;

     - competitive pricing;

     - ability to maintain and expand distribution channels;

     - customer service and support;

     - broad geographic presence;

     - a complete range of services and products;

     - timing of introductions of new and enhanced services and products;

     - network security and reliability;

     - financial resources; and

     - conformity with industry standards.

     As a developing company, Interland may lack the financial and other
resources, expertise or capabilities to capture increased market share in this
environment in the future.

     Interland's current and prospective competitors include:

     - Web site hosting and related services providers, including Digex
       Corporation, Globix Corporation, Interliant, Inc., Data Return Corp.,
       Inflow Inc., Navisite, Inc. and USinternetworking, Inc. and a large
       number of local and regional hosting providers;

     - application-specific hosting service providers such as Critical Path;

     - co-location providers such as AboveNet Communications, Inc., Exodus,
       Digital Island and Frontier GlobalCenter Inc.;

     - national and regional Internet service providers, including XO,
       EarthLink, Inc., PSINet Inc., UUnet, NTT Verio, Inc., and Genuity;

     - customized application service providers, including AppNet Systems, Inc.,
       CORIO, Inc., USinternetworking, Inc. and USWeb/CKS;

     - application developers and Internet application software vendors,
       including Open Market, Inc., DoubleClick Inc. and Broadcast.com, inc.;

     - large system integrators and information technology outsourcing firms,
       including Electronic Data Systems Corporation and International Business
       Machines Corporation;

     - global telecommunications companies, including AT&T Corp., MCI WorldCom,
       Inc. and Sprint Corporation, and regional and local telecommunications
       companies, including AT&T Broadband, Inc. and regional Bell operating
       companies; and

     - computer hardware providers, including Dell Computer Corporation,
       Gateway, Inc., and Compaq Computer Corporation.

     Although it is impossible to quantify its relative competitive position in
its market, many of these competitors have substantially greater financial,
technical and marketing resources, larger customer bases, longer operating
histories, greater name recognition and more established relationships in the
industry than Interland has. As a result, many of these competitors may be able
to develop and expand their network infrastructures and service offerings more
rapidly, adapt to new or emerging technologies and changes in customer
requirements more quickly, take advantage of acquisitions, consolidation
opportunities and other opportunities more readily, devote greater resources to
the marketing and sale of their services and adopt more aggressive pricing
policies than Interland can. In addition, these competitors have entered and
will likely continue to enter into joint ventures or consortia to provide
additional services competitive with those provided by Interland.

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS

     Interland relies on a combination of trademark, service mark, copyright and
trade secret laws and contractual restrictions to establish and protect its
proprietary rights and promote its reputation and the growth of its business. It
does not own any patents that would prevent or inhibit competitors from using
its technology or entering its market although it is evaluating whether to apply
for patent protection on aspects of its technology and business. While it is its
practice to require all of its employees to enter into agreements containing
non-disclosure, non-competition and non-solicitation restrictions and covenants,
and while its agreements with some of its customers and suppliers include
provisions prohibiting or restricting the disclosure of proprietary information,
Interland cannot be sure that these contractual arrangements or the other steps
taken by it to protect its proprietary rights will prove sufficient to prevent
illegal use of its proprietary rights or to deter independent, third-party
development of similar proprietary assets. In addition, Interland provides its
services in other countries where the laws may not afford adequate protection
for its proprietary rights.

     Interland licenses or leases many technologies used in its Internet
application services. Its technology suppliers may become subject to third-party
infringement claims, which could result in their inability or unwillingness to
continue to license their technology to it. The loss of some of its technologies
could impair its ability to provide services to its customers or require it to
obtain substitute technologies of lower quality or performance standards or at
greater cost. Interland expects that it and its customers increasingly will be
subject to third-party infringement claims as the number of Web sites and
third-party service providers for Web-based businesses grows. Although it does
not believe that its technologies or services otherwise infringe the proprietary
rights of any third parties, Interland cannot be sure that third parties will
not assert claims against it in the future or that these claims will not be
successful. Any infringement claim as to Interland's technologies or services,
regardless of its merit, could be time-consuming, result in costly litigation,
cause delays in service, installation or upgrades, adversely impact its
relationships with suppliers or customers or require it to enter into royalty or
licensing agreements.

GOVERNMENT REGULATION

     Interland is not currently subject to direct federal, state or local
government regulation, other than regulations applicable to businesses
generally. There is currently only a limited body of laws and regulations
directly applicable to businesses that provide access or commerce on the
Internet.

     The "Digital Millennium Copyright Act" became effective in October 1998 and
provides a limitation on liability of on-line service providers for copyright
infringement for transmitting, routing or providing connections, transient
storage, caching or storage at the direction of a user, if the service provider
had no knowledge or awareness that the transmitted or stored material was
infringing and meets other conditions. Since this law is new and does not apply
outside of the United States, Interland is unsure of how it will be applied to
limit any liability it may face in the future for any possible copyright
infringement or copyright-related issues. This new law also requires service
providers to follow "notice and take-down" procedures and to meet other
conditions in order to be able to take advantage of the limitation on liability.
Interland has recently implemented the procedures and believes it meets the
conditions to qualify for the protection provided by the Digital Millennium
Copyright Act. Moreover, its customers are subject to an acceptable use policy
which prohibits them from transmitting, storing or distributing material on or
through any of its services which, in Interland's sole judgment is (1) in
violation of any United States local, state or federal law or regulation, or
infringes on the copyright of a third party (2) fraudulent on-line marketing or
sales practices or (3) fraudulent customer information, including identification
and payment information. Although this policy is designed to promote the
security, reliability and privacy of Interland's systems and network, it cannot
be certain that its policy will accomplish this goal or effectively limit its
liability.

     Despite enactment of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, the law relating
to the liability of on-line services companies and Internet access providers for
information carried on or distributed through their networks remains largely
unsettled. It is possible claims could be made against on-line services
companies and Internet access providers under both United States and foreign law
for defamation, obscenity, negligence, copyright or trademark infringement, or
other theories based on the nature and content of the materials distributed
through their networks. Several private lawsuits seeking to impose such
liability upon on-line services companies and Internet access providers are
currently pending.

     Although sections of the Communications Decency Act of 1996 that proposed
to impose criminal penalties on anyone distributing indecent material to minors
over the Internet were held to be unconstitutional by the U.S. Supreme Court, in
October 1998, Congress passed the Child Online Privacy Protection Act, which
sought to make it illegal to communicate, for commercial purposes, information
that is harmful to minors. In February 1998, the United States District Court
judge issued a preliminary injunction against the enforcement of the Child
Online Protection Act on constitutional grounds. An appeal from the District
Court's ruling is pending. While Interland cannot predict the ultimate outcome
of this proceeding, even if the Child Online Protection Act is ruled
unconstitutional, similar laws may be proposed, adopted, or upheld in the
future. The nature of future legislation and the manner in which it may be
interpreted and enforced cannot be fully determined and, therefore, legislation
similar to the Communications Decency Act could subject Interland and/or its
customers to potential liability, which in turn could harm its business. The
adoption of any of these types of laws or regulations might decrease the growth
of the Internet, which in turn could decrease the demand for its services or
increase its cost of doing business or in some other manner harm its business.

     The Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998, and the rules
promulgated by the Federal Trade Commission implementing the provisions of the
act, regulate the collection, use or disclosure of personally identifiable
information from and about children on the Internet by operators of Web sites or
on-line services directed to children, and operators of general audience Web
sites who knowingly collect information from children. The act and the FTC rules
require the operators of such Web sites and on-line services to (1) provide
notice of its information collection, use, and disclosure practices, (2) obtain
parental consent before any collection, use or disclosure of personal
information collected from children, (3) provide an opportunity for parental
review of personal information collected from children and the right to prohibit
further use or maintenance of that information, (4) not condition a child's
participation in any on-line activity on disclosing more personal information
than is necessary, and (5) to establish and maintain reasonable procedures to
protect the confidentiality, security and integrity of personal information
collected from children. An operator will be deemed to be in compliance with the
requirements of the act and the FTC rules if the operator complies with any
industry self-regulatory guidelines approved by the FTC. The FTC is authorized
to bring enforcement actions and impose civil penalties for violations of the

FTC rule. Interland may operate Web sites that are directed to children on
behalf of some of its customers. The Children's Online Privacy Protection Act
and the FTC rules implementing it went into effect on April 21, 2000. Interland
has not yet taken affirmative steps to adopt or comply with any FTC-approved
industry self-regulatory guidelines.

     In February 1995, the European Union adopted Directive 95/46/EC on the
protection of individuals with regard to the processing of personal data and on
the free movement of such data. As a result of this directive the 15 member
countries of the European Union are required to pass specific privacy protection
legislation by October 1998 regarding the collection and use of personally
identifiable information. One section of the directive requires member states to
ensure that personally identifiable information is only transferred outside of
the EU to countries with adequate privacy protection. In response to the
directive, the U.S. Department of Commerce has proposed seven "Safe Harbor"
principles designed to serve as guidelines for United States companies. In light
of the "Safe Harbor" principles, the EU announced in the fall of 1998 that it
would avoid disrupting the exchange of information with the United States by
allowing its member countries to transfer information to the U.S. so long as it
continues good faith negotiations with the EU. However, if an EU member country
determines that a Web site administered by a U.S. company has a significant
presence in the country and is in violation of the Safe Harbor Principles, it
may nonetheless prosecute and sanction the U.S. company through its regulatory
agency for improper data collection. Most EU member countries, including the
United Kingdom, have enacted legislation consistent with the directive that has
forced some U.S. companies to take actions to comply with the directive.
Although Interland currently provides services over the Internet in the United
Kingdom and other countries that are members of the EU, it has not taken
affirmative steps to comply with the "Safe Harbor" principles announced by the
Department of Commerce.

     While there currently are relatively few laws or regulations directly
applicable to the Internet or to applications hosting providers, due to the
increasing popularity of the Internet and Web-based applications it is likely
that such laws and regulations may be adopted. These laws may cover a variety of
issues including, for example, user privacy and the pricing, characteristics and
quality of products and services. The adoption or modification of laws or
regulations relating to commerce over the Internet could substantially impair
the future growth of Interland's business or expose it to unanticipated
liabilities. Moreover, the applicability of existing laws to the Internet and
Internet application service providers is uncertain. These existing laws could
expose it to substantial liability if they are found to be applicable to its
business. For example, Interland provides services over the Internet in many
states in the United States and in the United Kingdom, and it facilitates the
activities of its customers in those jurisdictions. As a result, it may be
required to qualify to do business, be subject to taxation or be subject to
other laws and regulations in these jurisdictions, even if it does not have a
physical presence or employees or property there. The application of existing
laws and regulations to the Internet or its business, or the adoption of any new
legislation or regulations applicable to the Internet or its business, could
materially adversely affect its financial condition and operating results.

EMPLOYEES

     As of April 20, 2001, Interland had 525 employees, of which 149 were in
sales and marketing, 48 were in information technology, 282 were in customer
service, engineering, consulting and technical support and 46 were in finance
and administration. None of its employees are represented by a labor union, and
management believes that employee relations are good.

LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

     Interland is currently a party to various legal proceedings arising out of
its normal course of business, none of which is expected to have a material
adverse effect on the combined company's business.

                   SHARE OWNERSHIP BY PRINCIPAL SHAREHOLDERS,
                     MANAGEMENT AND DIRECTORS OF INTERLAND

     The following table sets forth as of April 15, 2001, some information
concerning the beneficial ownership of Interland's common stock, which is its
only outstanding class of voting stock, by (1) each person known to Interland to
beneficially own more than 5% of its common stock, (2) each director and
designated highly compensated executive officer, and (3) all of the directors
and executive officers as a group. Unless otherwise indicated below, the persons
named below had sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of
common stock shown as beneficially owned by them.

                                                                 SHARES
                                                              BENEFICIALLY
                  NAME OF BENEFICIAL OWNER                       OWNED        PERCENT(1)
                  ------------------------                    ------------    ----------

Kenneth Gavranovic(2).......................................    9,120,523       19.22%
David N. Gill(3)............................................      625,000        1.31
H. Christopher Covington(4).................................      147,000           *
Mark K. Alexander(5)........................................      138,000           *
Robert Malally(6)...........................................       70,000           *
Nicholas Farsi(7)...........................................       50,000           *
Jeffrey L. Ehrlich(8).......................................       25,000           *
Maryjane Stevens(9).........................................       62,800           *
Andrew E. Jones(10).........................................    1,733,945        3.66
Clyde A. Heintzelman(11)....................................       41,535           *
Gregg A. Mockenhaupt(12)....................................    3,963,302        8.37
William E. Whitmer(13)......................................       41,960           *
Frederick W. Field(14)......................................       37,811           *
Waldemar Fernandez(15)......................................    8,272,523       17.39
Crest Partners II, LLC(16)..................................    3,963,302        8.37
Microsoft Corporation(17)...................................    4,124,230        8.53
BancBoston Ventures, Inc.(18)...............................    2,482,064        5.24
Bell Atlantic Investments, Inc.(19).........................    2,449,999        5.17
West Highland Capital, Inc.(20).............................    2,773,800        5.86
All executive officers and directors as a group(13
  persons)(21)..............................................   16,056,876       33.38

- -------------------------
  *  Denotes less than 1%.

 (1) The percentages shown are based on 47,348,585 shares of common stock
     outstanding on April 15, 2001 plus, as to each person and group listed, the
     number of shares of common stock deemed owned by such holder pursuant to
     Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act assuming the exercise of options held by
     such holder that are exercisable within 60 days of April 15, 2001.

 (2) Includes 108,000 shares subject to exercisable options. Does not include an
     aggregate of 70,200 shares issuable to Mr. Gavranovic's mother pursuant to
     exercisable options, with respect to which Mr. Gavranovic disclaims
     beneficial ownership. Mr. Gavranovic's address is 303 Peachtree Center
     Avenue, Suite 500, Atlanta, Georgia 30303.

 (3) Includes 324,000 shares subject to exercisable options. Also includes
     300,000 shares that are restricted and subject to forfeiture over an
     18-month period from December 22, 2000.

 (4) Includes 72,000 shares subject to exercisable options. Also includes 75,000
     shares that are restricted and subject to forfeiture over an 18-month
     period from December 22, 2000.

 (5) Includes 63,000 shares subject to exercisable options. Also includes 75,000
     shares that are restricted and subject to forfeiture over an 18-month
     period from December 22, 2000.

 (6) Includes 45,000 shares subject to exercisable options. Also includes 25,000
     shares that are restricted and subject to forfeiture over an 18-month
     period from December 22, 2000.

 (7) Includes 50,000 shares that are restricted and subject to forfeiture over
     an 18-month period from December 22, 2000.

 (8) Includes 25,000 shares that are restricted and subject to forfeiture over
     an 18-month period from December 22, 2000.

 (9) Includes 27,000 shares subject to exercisable options. Also includes 25,000
     shares that are restricted and subject to forfeiture over an 18-month
     period from January 8, 2001.

(10) Includes 1,733,945 shares beneficially owned by BV Partners III, L.L.C., of
     which Andrew E. Jones is a general partner, and with respect to which he
     disclaims beneficial ownership. The 1,733,945 shares consist of 1,634,595
     shares held by Boulder Ventures III, L.P. and 99,350 shares held by Boulder
     Ventures III (Annex), L.P. BV Partners III, L.L.C. serves as the general
     partner of both Boulder Ventures III, L.P. and Boulder Ventures III
     (Annex), L.P.

(11) Includes 41,535 shares subject to exercisable options.

(12) Includes 3,963,302 shares beneficially owned by Crest Partners II, LLC, of
     which Mr. Mockenhaupt is a managing director. Crest Partners II, LLC is the
     general partner of Crest Communications Partners L.P., which owns 3,851,432
     shares, and Crest Entrepreneurs Fund L.P., which owns 111,870 shares. Mr.
     Mockenhaupt disclaims beneficial ownership of the shares held by these
     funds, except to the extent of his pecuniary interest in such funds.

(13) Includes 39,960 shares subject to exercisable options.

(14) Includes 36,811 shares subject to exercisable options.

(15) Includes 270,000 shares subject to exercisable options, 5,936,000 shares
     owned by a family limited partnership, of which Mr. Fernandez serves as the
     general partner and 83,399 shares owned by a trust for the benefit of Mr.
     Fernandez and certain members of his family. Does not include an aggregate
     of 216,000 shares owned by Mr. Fernandez' daughter, with respect to which
     Mr. Fernandez disclaims beneficial ownership. Mr. Fernandez' address is
     6268 Jericho Turnpike, Commack, New York 11725.

(16) The 3,963,302 shares consist of 3,851,432 shares held by Crest
     Communications Partners L.P. and 111,870 shares held by Crest Entrepreneurs
     Fund L.P. Crest Partners II, LLC serves as the sole general partner of both
     Crest Communications Partners L.P. and Crest Entrepreneurs Fund L.P. Gregg
     A. Mockenhaupt, who is a managing director of Crest Partners II, LLC, may
     be deemed to be a controlling person of Crest Communications Partners L.P.
     and Crest Entrepreneurs Fund L.P. Mr. Mockenhaupt disclaims beneficial
     ownership of the shares held by these funds, except to the extent of his
     proportionate pecuniary interest in such funds. The address of Crest
     Partners II, LLC is 320 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10022.

(17) Includes 1,015,230 shares subject to exercisable warrants. The address of
     Microsoft Corporation is One Microsoft Way, Redmond, Washington 98052-6399.

(18) BancBoston Ventures, Inc. is a wholly owned subsidiary of Bank Boston,
     N.A., which is a wholly owned subsidiary of Fleet Boston Financial
     Corporation. The address of BancBoston Ventures, Inc. is 100 Federal
     Street, Boston, Massachusetts 02110.

(19) The address of Bell Atlantic Investments, Inc. is 1095 Avenue of the
     Americas, New York, New York 10036.

(20) The address of West Highland Capital, Inc. is 300 Drake's Landing Road,
     Suite 290, Greenbrae, California 94904.

(21) Includes an aggregate of 757,306 shares subject to exercisable options.

                ADDITIONAL INFORMATION WITH RESPECT TO INTERLAND

SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE

     The following table sets forth certain information for the last fiscal year
concerning compensation paid by Interland to its chief executive officer who is
being nominated to serve as a director of Micron Electronics and will serve as
the vice chairman and chief technical officer of the combined company following
the completion of the merger.

                                                                                  LONG-TERM
                                                                                COMPENSATION
                                              ANNUAL COMPENSATION                  AWARDS
                                       ---------------------------------   -----------------------
                                                               OTHER       RESTRICTED   SECURITIES
                                                               ANNUAL        STOCK      UNDERLYING    ALL OTHER
NAME AND PRINCIPAL POSITION(S)  YEAR    SALARY     BONUS    COMPENSATION     AWARDS      OPTIONS     COMPENSATION
- ------------------------------  ----   --------   -------   ------------   ----------   ----------   ------------

Kenneth Gavranovic..........    2000   $251,158   $58,600         --            --           --            --
  Interland chairman and chief
  executive officer

OPTION GRANTS IN LAST FISCAL YEAR

     Interland did not make any option grants or grants of stock appreciation
rights to its chief executive officer in 2000.

FISCAL YEAR-END OPTION VALUES

     The following table sets forth the fiscal year-end value of unexercised
options held by Interland's chief executive officer at the end of fiscal 2000.

                                                             NUMBER OF SECURITIES          VALUE OF UNEXERCISED
                                                            UNDERLYING UNEXERCISED        IN-THE-MONEY OPTIONS AT
                                   SHARES                 OPTIONS AT FISCAL YEAR END        FISCAL YEAR END(1)
                                  ACQUIRED      VALUE     ---------------------------   ---------------------------
             NAME                ON EXERCISE   REALIZED   EXERCISABLE   UNEXERCISABLE   EXERCISABLE   UNEXERCISABLE
             ----                -----------   --------   -----------   -------------   -----------   -------------

Kenneth Gavranovic.............      --          --         108,000        216,000        $77,760       $155,520

- -------------------------
(1) As required by the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission, the
    value of unexercised in-the-money options is calculated based on the closing
    sale price of our common stock on the Nasdaq National Market as of the last
    business day of Interland's fiscal year, December 31, 2000, which was $3.50
    per share.

RELATED TRANSACTIONS

     In December 1998, Interland loaned $25,000, and in May 1999, Interland
loaned $200,000 to Kenneth Gavranovic, its chairman and chief executive officer.
Each loan is evidenced by a full-recourse promissory note that bears interest at
the rate of 10% per annum. The principal balances of Mr. Gavranovic's notes are
payable on demand. Interest on each of the notes is payable quarterly on the
first day of the calendar month following the quarter in which it accrues. The
rate of interest payable under each promissory note may be increased upon the
occurrence of any event of default, as specified in the notes.

     The notes are secured by a stock pledge agreement, whereby Mr. Gavranovic
pledged 432,000 of his shares of common stock to secure his obligations under
his respective notes. The stock pledge agreement permits Interland to dispose of
the pledged shares upon the occurrence of an event of default, as that term is
described in the stock pledge agreement. The proceeds of any disposition will be
applied first to any unpaid balance due under the respective note, and any
remaining surplus will be distributed to Mr. Gavranovic.

     Interland has guaranteed Kenneth Gavranovic's loan obligations to Bear,
Stearns & Co. Inc., to repay a $3.4 million loan. Mr. Gavranovic has entered
into an agreement with Interland pursuant to which he

has agreed to promptly repay Interland any amounts that Interland may pay under
that guarantee. Micron Electronics will assume the rights and obligations of the
guarantee at the effective time of the merger. This loan is secured by a lien on
all the shares of Interland owed by Mr. Gavranovic, and salary, severance pay,
or other amounts payable to Mr. Gavranovic may be offset against the loan.

OPTION REPRICING

     On May 18, 2001, Interland repriced all outstanding options to purchase
shares of Interland common stock held by currently active employees and
directors. All Interland stock options with an exercise price greater than $2.75
were repriced to have an exercise price of $2.75. This repricing was independent
of the merger and will be effective whether or not the merger is approved or the
merger agreement is approved and adopted.

                    MICRON ELECTRONICS SHAREHOLDER PROPOSALS

     Under Rule 14a-8 of the Exchange Act, Micron Electronics shareholders may
present proper proposals for inclusion in Micron Electronics' proxy statement
and for consideration at the next annual meeting of its shareholders by
submitting those proposals to Micron Electronics in a timely manner. As noted in
Micron Electronics' proxy statement relating to its 2000 annual meeting of
shareholders, in order to be so included for the 2001 annual meeting,
shareholder proposals must be received by Micron Electronics no later than
            , 2001, and must comply with the requirements of Rule 14a-8.

                        INTERLAND SHAREHOLDER PROPOSALS

     Interland will hold an annual meeting in 2002 only if the merger has not
already been completed. If such meeting is held, Interland expects that it will
take place in May 2002. Any shareholder who wishes to present a proposal
appropriate for consideration at the 2002 annual meeting must submit the
proposal in proper form at the address set forth on the first page of this proxy
statement no later than November 30, 2001 for the proposal to be considered for
inclusion in Interland's proxy statement and form of proxy relating to such
annual meeting. Unless Interland is notified of any other shareholder proposal
intended to be presented for action at the 2002 annual meeting not later than 45
days before the day and month of mailing proxy statements in 2002, which mailing
is expected to occur in April 2002, proxies may be voted on such proposal at the
discretion of the person or persons holding those proxies.

                                 LEGAL OPINION

     The validity of the shares of Micron Electronics common stock offered by
this joint proxy statement/prospectus will be passed upon for Micron Electronics
by Dorsey & Whitney LLP.

                                    EXPERTS

     The consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule of
Micron Electronics, Inc., as of August 31, 2000 and September 2, 1999 and for
each of the three years in the period ended August 31, 2000 included in this
joint proxy statement/prospectus have been so included in reliance on the report
of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, independent accountants, given on authority of
said firm as experts in auditing and accounting.

     The audited financial statements and schedule of Interland, Inc. as of
December 31, 1999 and 2000 and for the three years ended December 31, 2000,
included in this joint proxy statement/prospectus and elsewhere in the
registration statement have been audited by Arthur Andersen LLP, independent
public accountants, as indicated in their reports with respect thereto, and are
included herein in reliance upon the authority of said firm as experts in giving
said reports.

                STATEMENTS REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION

     This joint proxy statement/prospectus and the documents incorporated in
this document by reference contain forward-looking statements within the "safe
harbor" provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995,
Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. These
forward-looking statements include the expected effects of the merger of Micron
Electronics and Interland (such as the establishment of the combined company as
a leading provider of Web hosting solutions and some merger synergies and
expected future operating results of the combined company), the timing of the
expected closing of the merger, the planned sale of Micron Electronics' PC
Systems business and information relating to the expected financial condition,
results of operations and business of the combined company. Words such as
"anticipates," "expects," "intends," "plans," "believes," "seeks," "estimates"
and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements. These
forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are
subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ
materially from the results contemplated by the forward-looking statements.
These risks and uncertainties include:

     - the risk that the investment community may not embrace the proposed
       merger, which could lead to a decline in Micron Electronics' or
       Interland's stock price;

     - the likelihood that there will not be Excess Cash or Net Proceeds
       available to be distributed to Micron Electronics' shareholders;

     - the possibility that the value of the Micron Electronics common stock to
       be issued to Interland shareholders in the merger will decrease before
       the merger closes, in which event the number of shares of Micron
       Electronics stock to be received by Interland shareholders would not be
       adjusted;

     - the possibility that the merger will not be consummated due to failure to
       obtain regulatory approvals, the failure of the shareholders of Micron
       Electronics or Interland to approve the merger or other reasons;

     - the possibility that the anticipated benefits from the merger, including
       the potential operating efficiencies, strategic synergies and the
       possibility of increased overall sales, will not be fully realized;

     - the possibility that the integration of Micron Electronics' and
       Interland's operations, products and technologies may not be completed in
       a timely manner, or at all, or may cost more than anticipated;

     - the uncertainty of the combined company to expand its customer base as
       planned, the acceptance by the customers of each of Micron Electronics
       and Interland of the combined company's products and services, and
       overall market acceptance of the integrated Micron Electronics/Interland
       solution;

     - the operational and personnel-related challenges in integrating Micron
       Electronics and Interland;

     - the possible loss of key employees as a result of the merger;

     - the risk of disruption of sales momentum as a result of the merger or
       that the merger could adversely affect Micron Electronics' or Interland's
       relationships with strategic partners;

     - investments in new business opportunities and the ability of Micron
       Electronics to reach a definitive agreement to sell its PC Systems
       business;

     - risks of product returns related to the PC Systems business;

     - the impact of competition on revenues and margins;

     - quarterly fluctuations in operating results;

     - rapidly changing technology and shifting demand requirements and Internet
       usage patterns;

     - other risks and uncertainties, including general economic conditions, the
       unsettled conditions in the Internet and other high-technology industries
       and the ability to attract and retain key personnel; and

     - other risk factors as may be detailed from time to time in Interland's
       and Micron Electronics' filings with the Securities and Exchange
       Commission.

     In evaluating the merger, you should carefully consider the discussion of
these and other factors in the section entitled "Risk Factors" beginning on page
20.

                   INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                              PAGE
                                                              ----

MICRON ELECTRONICS, INC.
Consolidated Financial Statements:
  Report of Independent Accountants.........................   F-2
  Consolidated Statements of Income for the Fiscal Years
     Ended August 31, 2000, September 2, 1999 and September
     3, 1998................................................   F-3
  Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the
     Fiscal Years August 31, 2000, September 2, 1999 and
     September 3, 1998......................................   F-4
  Consolidated Balance Sheets as of August 31, 2000 and
     September 2, 1999......................................   F-5
  Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity for the
     Fiscal Years Ended August 31, 2000, September 2, 1999
     and September 3, 1998..................................   F-6
  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Fiscal Years
     Ended August 31, 2000, September 2, 1999 and September
     3, 1998................................................   F-7
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements................   F-8
  Quarterly Financial Information (Unaudited)...............  F-30
Financial statement schedule:
  Schedule II -- Valuation and Qualifying Accounts for the
     Fiscal Years August 31, 2000, September 2, 1999 and
     September 3, 1998......................................  F-31

INTERLAND, INC.
Report of Independent Public Accountants....................  F-32
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 1999 and
  2000......................................................  F-33
Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended
  December 31, 1998, 1999 and 2000..........................  F-34
Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity for the
  Years Ended December 31, 1998, 1999
  and 2000..................................................  F-35
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended
  December 31, 1998, 1999 and 2000..........................  F-36
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements..................  F-37
Report of Independent Public Accountants on Financial
  Statement Schedule........................................  F-50
Schedule -- Valuation and Qualifying Accounts for the Years
  Ended December 31, 2000, December 31, 1999 and December
  31, 1998..................................................  F-51

                                       F-1

                       REPORT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS

The Shareholders and Board of Directors
Micron Electronics, Inc.

     In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements listed in the
accompanying index on page F-1 present fairly, in all material respects, the
financial position of Micron Electronics, Inc. and its subsidiaries at August
31, 2000, and September 2, 1999, and the results of their operations and their
cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended August 31, 2000, in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America. In addition, in our opinion, the financial statement schedule listed in
the accompanying index on page F-1 presents fairly, in all material respects,
the information set forth therein when read in conjunction with the related
consolidated financial statements. These financial statements and financial
statement schedule are the responsibility of the Company's management; our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and
financial statement schedule based on our audits. We conducted our audits of
these statements in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the
United States of America, which require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of
material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence
supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing
the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, and
evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our
audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

                                          /s/ PRICEWATERHOUSECOOPERS LLP

Boise, Idaho
September 29, 2000, except as to the
notes entitled "History of Operating Losses,"
"Discontinued Operations" and
"Subsequent Events" as to which the
date is May 18, 2001

                                       F-2

                            MICRON ELECTRONICS, INC.

                       CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME
                    (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)

                                                                   FISCAL YEAR ENDED
                                               ---------------------------------------------------------
                                               AUGUST 31, 2000    SEPTEMBER 2, 1999    SEPTEMBER 3, 1998
                                               ---------------    -----------------    -----------------

Revenues.....................................     $ 32,862             $   464              $    --
Cost of revenues.............................       24,335                 103                   --
                                                  --------             -------              -------
  Gross margin...............................        8,527                 361                   --
Operating expenses:
  Sales, marketing and technical support.....       26,157                 143                   --
  General and administrative.................       23,640               3,894                2,678
  Goodwill amortization......................        4,920                 121                   --
  Other expense, net.........................          634               1,442                  605
                                                  --------             -------              -------
     Total operating expenses................       55,351               5,600                3,283
                                                  --------             -------              -------
Operating loss...............................      (46,824)             (5,239)              (3,283)
Loss on equity investments...................         (592)                 --                   --
Interest income, net.........................       11,476              12,635               11,488
                                                  --------             -------              -------
Income (loss) from continuing operations
  before taxes...............................      (35,940)              7,396                8,205
Income tax benefit (provision)...............        9,748              (2,209)              (3,124)
                                                  --------             -------              -------
Income (loss) from continuing operations.....      (26,192)              5,187                5,081
Income from discontinued operations, net of
  tax........................................       67,735              31,337               42,872
                                                  --------             -------              -------
Net income...................................     $ 41,543             $36,524              $47,953
                                                  ========             =======              =======
Income (loss) per share, basic:
  Continuing operations......................     $  (0.27)            $  0.05              $  0.05
  Discontinued operations....................         0.70                0.33                 0.45
                                                  --------             -------              -------
     Net income..............................     $   0.43             $  0.38              $  0.50
                                                  ========             =======              =======
Income (loss) per share, diluted:
  Continuing operations......................     $  (0.27)            $  0.05              $  0.05
  Discontinued operations....................         0.70                0.33                 0.45
                                                  --------             -------              -------
     Net income..............................     $   0.43             $  0.38              $  0.50
                                                  ========             =======              =======
Number of shares used in per share
  calculation:
  Basic......................................       96,447              96,127               95,657
  Diluted....................................       96,447              96,633               96,027

      The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.
                                       F-3

                            MICRON ELECTRONICS, INC.

                CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                 (IN THOUSANDS)

                                                                   FISCAL YEAR ENDED
                                               ---------------------------------------------------------
                                               AUGUST 31, 2000    SEPTEMBER 2, 1999    SEPTEMBER 3, 1998
                                               ---------------    -----------------    -----------------

Net income...................................      $41,543             $36,524              $47,953
                                                   -------             -------              -------
Other comprehensive income (loss):
  Reclassification adjustment for loss (gain)
     included in net income..................           --                 (31)               2,514
  Foreign currency translation...............           --                  (6)              (1,845)
                                                   -------             -------              -------
                                                        --                 (37)                 669
                                                   -------             -------              -------
Comprehensive income.........................      $41,543             $36,487              $48,622
                                                   =======             =======              =======

      The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.
                                       F-4

                            MICRON ELECTRONICS, INC.

                          CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
                    (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PAR VALUE AMOUNTS)

                                                                             AS OF
                                                              ------------------------------------
                                                              AUGUST 31, 2000    SEPTEMBER 2, 1999
                                                              ---------------    -----------------

ASSETS
Cash and cash equivalents...................................     $200,002            $200,950
Liquid investments..........................................      126,032             137,528
Receivables, net............................................        4,404               6,897
Deferred income taxes.......................................       13,152              14,819
Other current assets........................................        2,847               1,114
                                                                 --------            --------
  Total current assets......................................      346,437             361,308
Property plant and equipment, net...........................       37,673               2,887
Goodwill and intangibles, net...............................       81,821              22,580
Equity investment...........................................        6,408                  --
Other assets................................................        3,353               1,256
Net assets of discontinued operations.......................       88,228             114,795
                                                                 --------            --------
  Total assets..............................................     $563,920            $502,826
                                                                 ========            ========
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
Accounts payable and accrued expenses.......................     $ 28,004            $ 12,256
Current debt................................................        1,971               4,992
                                                                 --------            --------
  Total current liabilities.................................       29,975              17,248
Long-term debt..............................................           --               5,001
Deferred income taxes.......................................       16,082              11,926
Other liabilities...........................................       11,283              10,152
                                                                 --------            --------
  Total liabilities.........................................       57,340              44,327
                                                                 --------            --------
Commitments and contingencies
Common stock, $.01 par value, authorized 150 million shares;
  issued and outstanding 96.7 million and 96.3 million
  shares, respectively......................................          967                 963
Additional capital..........................................      134,485             127,951
Retained earnings...........................................      371,128             329,585
                                                                 --------            --------
  Total shareholders' equity................................      506,580             458,499
                                                                 --------            --------
  Total liabilities and shareholders' equity................     $563,920            $502,826
                                                                 ========            ========

    The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.
                                       F-5

                            MICRON ELECTRONICS, INC.

                CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
                                 (IN THOUSANDS)

                                                               FISCAL YEAR ENDED
                                           ---------------------------------------------------------
                                            AUGUST 31, 2000    SEPTEMBER 2, 1999   SEPTEMBER 3, 1998
                                           -----------------   -----------------   -----------------
                                           SHARES    AMOUNT    SHARES    AMOUNT    SHARES    AMOUNT
                                           ------   --------   ------   --------   ------   --------

COMMON STOCK
Balance at beginning of year.............  96,272   $    963   95,863   $    959   95,555   $    956
Stock sold...............................     169          2      184          2      254          2
Purchase and retirement of stock.........      --         --       --         --      (14)        --
Stock options............................     222          2      225          2       68          1
                                           ------   --------   ------   --------   ------   --------
Balance at end of year...................  96,663   $    967   96,272   $    963   95,863   $    959
                                           ======   ========   ======   ========   ======   ========
ADDITIONAL CAPITAL
Balance at beginning of year.............           $127,951            $122,837            $120,108
Stock sold...............................              1,518               1,412               1,912
Purchase and retirement of stock.........                 --                  --                 (15)
Stock options............................              2,680               3,295                 801
Sale of patents to MTI...................              2,285                  --                  --
Tax effect of stock options..............                 51                 407                  31
                                                    --------            --------            --------
Balance at end of year...................           $134,485            $127,951            $122,837
                                                    ========            ========            ========
RETAINED EARNINGS
Balance at beginning of year.............           $329,585            $293,061            $245,139
Purchase and retirement of stock.........                 --                  --                 (31)
Net income...............................             41,543              36,524              47,953
                                                    --------            --------            --------
Balance at end of year...................           $371,128            $329,585            $293,061
                                                    ========            ========            ========
ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
Balance at beginning of year.............           $     --            $     37            $   (632)
Other comprehensive income...............                 --                 (37)                669
                                                    --------            --------            --------
Balance at end of year...................           $     --            $     --            $     37
                                                    ========            ========            ========

    The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.
                                       F-6

                            MICRON ELECTRONICS, INC.

                     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
                                 (IN THOUSANDS)

                                                                     FISCAL YEAR ENDED
                                                         ------------------------------------------
                                                         AUGUST 31,    SEPTEMBER 2,    SEPTEMBER 3,
                                                            2000           1999            1998
                                                         ----------    ------------    ------------

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Net income.............................................  $  41,543      $  36,524        $ 47,953
Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash
  (used in) provided by operating activities from
  continuing operations:
  Depreciation and amortization of intangibles.........     12,257            278              --
  Income from discontinued operations..................    (67,735)       (31,337)        (42,872)
  Write-off of purchased in-process research and
     development.......................................         --          1,000              --
  Provision for doubtful accounts......................        570              6              --
  Other non-cash adjustments...........................     (1,431)          (411)           (507)
  Changes in operating assets and liabilities net of
     the effect of the acquisition transactions:
     Receivables.......................................      2,121          1,550          (5,734)
     Other current assets..............................     (1,732)          (788)            311
     Deferred income taxes.............................        142            (29)             --
     Accounts payable and accrued expenses.............     13,292         (2,746)        (13,769)
     Other.............................................      1,354            100            (363)
                                                         ---------      ---------        --------
Net cash provided by (used for) operating activities of
  continuing operations................................        381          4,147         (14,981)
                                                         ---------      ---------        --------
CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Expenditures for property plant and equipment..........    (36,904)           (92)             --
Purchases of held-to-maturity investment securities....   (245,949)      (205,294)        (52,527)
Proceeds from maturities of investment securities......    260,700         98,391          34,000
Acquisitions, net of cash acquired.....................    (58,297)       (21,348)             --
Equity investment......................................     (7,000)            --              --
Other..................................................     (2,351)        (1,250)             --
                                                         ---------      ---------        --------
Net cash used for investing activities of continuing
  operations...........................................    (89,801)      (129,593)        (18,527)
                                                         ---------      ---------        --------
CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Repayments of debt.....................................    (10,016)        (4,475)         (4,192)
Proceeds from issuance of common stock.................      4,202          4,836           2,716
Purchase and retirement of stock.......................         --             --             (46)
Capital contribution from MTI..........................      2,285             --              --
Other..................................................         52             --              --
                                                         ---------      ---------        --------
Net cash provided by (used for) financing activities of
  continuing operations................................     (3,477)           361          (1,522)
                                                         ---------      ---------        --------
Net cash used in continuing operations.................    (92,897)      (125,085)        (35,030)
Net cash provided by (used in) discontinued
  operations...........................................     91,949         (2,502)        179,632
                                                         ---------      ---------        --------
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents...       (948)      (127,587)        144,602
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year.........    200,950        328,537         183,935
                                                         ---------      ---------        --------
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year...............  $ 200,002      $ 200,950        $328,537
                                                         =========      =========        ========
SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES
Income taxes paid, net of amounts recovered............  $     652      $   5,237        $ 39,570
Interest paid, net of amounts capitalized..............        495            334             197

    The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.
                                       F-7

                            MICRON ELECTRONICS, INC.

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                    (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)

GENERAL

     Business -- Micron Electronics, Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively the
"Company") provide a variety of computer products and related services through
its PC Systems, SpecTek, and HostPro business segments. The Company has adopted
plans to dispose of its PC Systems and SpecTek business segments, which are
reported separately as discontinued operations -- See the note entitled
"Discontinued operations." The Web hosting business ("HostPro"), will remain as
the Company's sole continuing operations. HostPro offers a range of
business-to-business Internet products and services, including turnkey
e-commerce solutions, Web and applications hosting, co-location and connectivity
services primarily to small- and medium-sized businesses. The PC Systems
business develops, markets, manufactures, sells and supports a wide range of
desktop and notebook systems and network Systems business develops, markets,
manufactures, sells and supports a wide range of desktop and notebook systems
and network servers under the micronpc.com brand name and sells, resells, and
supports a variety of additional peripherals, software and services. SpecTek
processes and markets various grades of memory products in either component or
module form for specific applications.

     History of operating losses -- HostPro has incurred net losses and losses
from operations for each period from inception through August 31, 2000, and
anticipates incurring losses for at least the next two years. The Company does
not expect HostPro to generate positive cash flow from operations for at least
one year. The Company's future success is dependent upon its ability to achieve
profitability prior to the depletion of cash reserves and to raise funds,
thereafter, if needed. While the Company believes that it has adequate resources
to maintain planned operations for at least one year from the balance sheet
date, there is no assurance that HostPro will be profitable in the future under
its current Web and application hosting model or that adequate funding will be
available to allow the Company to continue operations subsequent to the one-year
time period.

SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

     Basis of presentation -- The financial statements include the accounts of
Micron Electronics, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries. Investments in
companies in which the Company has significant influence over operating and
financial policies are accounted for using the equity method. Other investments
are accounted for using the cost method. All significant intercompany balances
and transactions have been eliminated. The Company's operations are reported on
a fiscal basis, which is a 52 or 53-week period ending on the Thursday closest
to August 31. All references to periods including annual and quarterly are on a
fiscal basis. The years ended August 31, 2000 and September 2, 1999 contained 52
weeks compared to 53 weeks for the year ended September 3, 1998. As of August
31, 2000, Micron Technology, Inc. ("MTI") owned 61% of the Company's outstanding
common stock.

     Use of estimates -- The preparation of financial statements in conformity
with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make
estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial
statements. The amounts that we will ultimately incur or recover could differ
materially from our current estimates. The underlying estimates and facts
supporting these estimates could change in 2001 and thereafter.

     Revenue recognition -- Revenue from continuing operations is primarily
generated by providing shared and dedicated hosting, application hosting,
application hosting, and connectivity services. Revenue is recognized as the
services are provided. Hosting contracts generally are for service periods
ranging from 1 to 12 months and typically require up-front fees. Such fees,
including set-up fees for hosting services, are deferred and recognized ratably
over the customers; expected service period.

                                       F-8

                            MICRON ELECTRONICS, INC.

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                    (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)

     Basic and diluted income (loss) per share -- Basic earnings per share are
computed using the weighted average number of common shares outstanding. Diluted
earnings per share are computed using the weighted average number of common
shares outstanding and potential common shares outstanding. Potential common
shares result from the assumed exercise of outstanding stock options.

     In addition to net income (loss) per share, the Company has also reported
per share amounts on the separate income statement components required by
Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 30 ("APB No. 30") "Reporting the Results
of Operations -- Reporting the Effects of Disposal of a Segment of a Business,
and Extraordinary, Unusual and Infrequently Occurring Events and Transactions."
Because the Company has reported a loss from continuing operations during 2000,
the effect of dilutive securities is excluded from the calculation of fiscal
year 2000 per share amounts.

     Comprehensive income -- The Company reports comprehensive income in
accordance with SFAS No. 130, "Reporting Comprehensive Income." This statement
requires the disclosure of accumulated other comprehensive income or loss
(excluding net income or loss) as a separate component of shareholders' equity.

     Financial instruments and concentration of credit risk -- Cash equivalents
include highly liquid short-term investments with original maturities of three
months or less, readily convertible to known amounts of cash. The amounts
reported as cash equivalents, liquid investments, receivables, other assets,
accounts payable and accrued expenses and debt are considered by management to
be reasonable approximations of their fair values, based on information
available as of August 31, 2000. The use of different assumptions could have a
material effect on the estimated fair value amounts. The reported fair values do
not take into consideration potential taxes or other expenses that would be
incurred in an actual settlement.

     Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentration
of credit risk consist principally of cash and cash equivalents and investment
securities. The Company invests its cash in credit instruments of highly rated
financial institutions and performs periodic evaluations of the credit standing
of these financial institutions. The Company's policies limit the concentration
of credit exposure by restricting investments with any single obligor,
instrument, or geographic area.

     Property, plant and equipment -- Property, plant and equipment, including
software, are stated at cost. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line
method over the estimated useful lives of 5 to 10 years for leasehold
improvements and 2 to 5 years for equipment and software.

     Income taxes -- The Company accounts for income taxes under the provisions
of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 109, Accounting for Income
Taxes (SFAS 109). SFAS 109 requires recognition of deferred tax liabilities and
assets for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been
included in the financial statements or tax returns. Under this method, deferred
tax liabilities and assets are determined based on the difference between the
financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities using enacted tax
rates in effect for the year in which the difference is expected to reverse.

     Goodwill and other intangibles -- Goodwill and other intangibles
("intangibles") are amortized on a straight-line basis over their expected
useful lives, not exceeding 10 years. The Company evaluates the carrying value
of its long-lived assets, including goodwill, under the provisions of Statement
of Financial Accounting Standards No. 121, Accounting for the Impairment of
long-lived Assets and for long-lived Assets to be Disposed of (SFAS 121). SFAS
121 requires impairment losses to be recorded on long-lived assets used in
operations when indications of impairment are present and the undiscounted
future cash flows estimated to be generated by those assets are less than the
assets' carrying amount. In addition, the recoverability of goodwill is further
evaluated under the provisions of APB Opinion No. 17, Intangible Assets, based
upon undiscounted cash flows. If such assets are impaired, the impairment to be
recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets
exceeds the estimated fair value of
                                       F-9

                            MICRON ELECTRONICS, INC.

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                    (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)

the assets. Assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower of the carrying
value or fair value, less costs to sell. As of 2000, no such impairments have
been recognized.

     Advertising -- Advertising costs are charged to operations as incurred.

     Recently issued accounting standards -- In June 1998, the Financial
Accounting Standards Board issued Statements of Financial Accounting Standards
("SFAS") No. 133, "Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging
Activities." SFAS No. 133 requires that all derivatives be recorded as either
assets or liabilities in the balance sheet and marked-to-market on an ongoing
basis. SFAS No. 133 applies to all derivatives including stand-alone
instruments, such as forward currency exchange contracts and interest rate
swaps, or embedded derivatives, such as call options contained in convertible
debt instruments. The Company implemented SFAS No. 133 in the first quarter of
fiscal 2001 and it did not have a material impact on its results of operations,
financial position and cash flows.

     In December 1999, the Securities and Exchange Commission issued Staff
Accounting Bulletin (SAB) No. 101 "Revenue Recognition in Financial Statements."
The SAB summarizes certain staff views in applying generally accepted accounting
principles to revenue recognition in financial statements. Adoption is currently
required in fiscal 2001, and early adoption is permitted. The Company does not
expect this Bulletin to have a material affect on its results of operations,
financial condition or cash flows.

     In April 2000, Financial Accounting Standards Board issues Interpretation
No. 44 (FIN 44), Accounting for Certain Transactions Involving Stock
Compensation -- an interpretation of APB Opinion No. 25. FIN 44 clarifies and
modifies APB Opinion No. 25, Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees. The
provisions of FIN 44 became effective in 2000 and did not have a material affect
on the Company's results of operations, financial condition or cash flows.

     Reclassifications -- Certain reclassifications have been made, none of
which affected net income, to present the statements on a consistent basis.

     In addition to the significant accounting policies outlined above, the
Company's significant accounting policies relating specifically to discontinued
operations are listed below.

     Certain concentrations -- Certain components, subassemblies and software
included in our systems are obtained from sole suppliers or a limited number of
suppliers. The Company relies, to a certain extent, upon its suppliers'
abilities to enhance existing products in a timely and cost-effective manner, to
develop new products to meet changing customer needs and to respond to emerging
standards and other technological developments in the personal computer
industry. The Company's reliance on a limited number of suppliers involves
several risks, including the possibility of shortages and/or increases in costs
of components and subassemblies, and the risk of reduced control over delivery
schedules. A concentration of credit risk may exist with respect to trade
receivables, as many customers are affiliated with computer, telecommunications
and office automation industries, or are governmental entities. The Company
performs ongoing credit evaluations on a significant number of its customers and
collateral from its customers is generally not required.

     Revenue recognition -- Revenue from product sales to customers is generally
recognized upon shipment. A provision for estimated sales returns is recorded in
the period in which the sales are recognized. Revenue from service and support
contracts for which we are primarily obligated is recognized over the term of
the contract. Revenue from sales of third party service contracts for which we
are not obligated is recognized at the time of sale.

     Inventories -- Inventory balances are stated at the lower of cost or
market, with cost being determined on an average cost basis.

                                       F-10

                            MICRON ELECTRONICS, INC.

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                    (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)

     Property, plant and equipment -- Property, plant and equipment, including
software, are stated at cost. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line
method over the estimated useful lives of 5 to 30 years for buildings and 2 to
10 years for equipment and software. Effective September 4, 1998, the Company
revised its estimated useful lives of certain information technology assets,
including enterprise software, enterprise hardware and telecommunications
systems. Originally, the estimated lives of these assets were two and three
years. The revision extended the lives to five years, on a prospective basis,
which the Company believes is a more accurate reflection of the assets' actual
useful lives. This revision reduced depreciation and amortization expense by $4
million ($2.5 million net of tax) in 1999.

     The Company adopted Statement of Position ("SOP") 98-1, "Accounting for the
Costs of Computer Software Developed or Obtained for Internal Use" in 1999. SOP
98-1 requires companies to capitalize certain costs of computer software
developed or obtained for internal use, provided that those costs are not
research and development. As a result of the adoption of this statement in 1999,
the Company capitalized $3 million of internal software development costs.

     Product and process technology -- Costs related to the conceptual
formulation and design of products and processes are expensed as research and
development. Costs incurred to establish patents and acquire product and process
technology are capitalized. Capitalized costs are amortized using the
straight-line method over the shorter of the estimated useful life of the
technology, the patent term, or the agreement, ranging up to 10 years.

     Royalties -- The Company has royalty-bearing license agreements allowing
the Company to sell certain hardware and software products and to use certain
patented technology. Royalty costs are accrued and included in cost of goods
sold when the sale is recognized.

     Warranty and services -- The Company provides for estimated costs to be
incurred under its warranty and other service programs at the time sales are
recorded.

     Foreign currency -- The Company uses the United States (U.S.) Dollar as its
functional currency, except for its former operations in Japan and Malaysia. The
assets and liabilities of those operations are translated into U.S. Dollars at
exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date. Income and expense items are
translated at the average exchange rates prevailing during the period. Aggregate
transaction gains and losses included in the determination of net income are not
material for any period presented.

DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS

     The Company has adopted plans to discontinue the operations of its PC
Systems and SpecTek business segments. These segments are accounted for as
discontinued operations in accordance with APB No. 30. Amounts in the financial
statements and related notes for all periods shown have been reclassified to
reflect the discontinued operations.

     Operating results for the discontinued operations are reported, net of tax,
under "Income from discontinued operations" on the accompanying Statements of
Operations. For financial reporting purposes, the assets and liabilities of the
discontinued operations are combined and classified in the accompanying Balance
Sheets under "Net assets of discontinued operations." Cash flows from the
discontinued operations are also stated separately on the accompanying
Statements of Cash Flows, under "Net cash provided by (used in) discontinued
operations."

PC SYSTEMS

     On April 30, 2001, the Company entered into a definitive agreement to sell
its PC Systems business to GTG PC Holdings, LLC, ("GTG PC") an affiliate of the
Gores Technology Group. Under the terms

                                       F-11

                            MICRON ELECTRONICS, INC.

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                    (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)

of the agreement, GTG PC will receive assets, which includes $70.0 million in
cash, and assume specified liabilities of the PC Systems business. The Company
is required to meet specified working capital requirements based on the net
assets and liabilities to be transferred to GTG PC. An additional cash
contribution may be required if the Company does not meet these working capital
requirements. Following necessary regulatory approvals, the sale of the PC
Systems business is expected to close by the end of May 2001.

     The Company will retain all liabilities of the PC Systems business not
assumed by GTG PC, including, for example, liabilities for taxes arising prior
to the closing of the transaction, employee termination and related expenses,
and any litigation arising prior to the closing date. In addition, the Company
has agreed for a period of three years not to compete with the PC Systems
business, and for two years, to not solicit or hire prior employees of the PC
Systems business. For a transition period after the closing of the purchase, the
purchaser agreed to provide some information technology, financial,
telecommunications and human resources services to the Company at its cost plus
10% during the first four months after closing, and at its cost plus 25% for the
following two months.

     For a period of two years following the closing of the purchase, or for the
applicable statute of limitations with respect to taxes and government
contracts, the Company is obligated to indemnify the purchaser and affiliated
entities for any breaches of the representations, warranties or covenants
contained in the agreement. The agreement provides that the maximum aggregate
liability of the Company for indemnification under the agreement is $10.0
million, or, in some limited circumstances, $30.0 million.

     The agreement also provides that the Company would potentially be entitled
to receive a percentage of any proceeds in the event the PC Systems business is
sold or has an initial public offering of its securities within three years of
the closing of the purchase. The Company would receive a payment only after the
repayment of transaction costs, repayment of debt and capital contributions,
payment of a specified amount of cash to GTG PC and obligations under employee
incentive programs.

     At the end of its fiscal second quarter of 2001, the Company announced that
the PC business would be discontinued. Consistent with accounting for
discontinued operations, the Company recorded an estimate of future operating
losses from the discontinued operation between March 2, 2001 and May 31, 2001,
the expected completion date of the sale, and an estimate of the loss on
disposal of the discontinued operation. This estimated loss recorded in the
second fiscal quarter of 2001 was $147.5 million. Based on the final terms of
the agreement to sell the PC Systems business, the revised estimated loss is
approximately $170.5 million. Management believes that the estimated losses are
reasonable; however, they are based on preliminary data and are subject to
revision.

     Summarized below are the operating results for PC Systems business, which
are included together with SpecTek's operating results in the accompanying
Statements of Operations, under "Income (loss) from discontinued operations."

                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED
                                                 ------------------------------------------
                                                 AUGUST 31,    SEPTEMBER 2,    SEPTEMBER 3,
                                                    2000           1999            1998
                                                 ----------    ------------    ------------

Net sales......................................  $1,031,852     $1,237,748      $1,492,602
                                                 ----------     ----------      ----------
Loss before income taxes.......................    (104,797)       (28,419)       (106,248)
Income tax benefit.............................      29,508         10,499          46,813
                                                 ----------     ----------      ----------
Loss from discontinued operations, net of
  tax..........................................  $  (75,289)    $  (17,920)     $  (59,435)
                                                 ==========     ==========      ==========

                                       F-12

                            MICRON ELECTRONICS, INC.

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                    (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)

     Included in other expense of discontinued PC Systems operations in 1999 was
a $4 million charge associated with the closure and consolidation of its Micron
Electronics Japan operation. The charge includes those costs associated with
employee payroll and severance of $1 million for approximately 45 employees,
fixed asset write-downs of $1 million, and other closure related costs of $2
million. All of the closure liabilities had been settled by September 2, 1999.

     Other expense of discontinued PC Systems operations in 1998 included $11
million of costs associated with the realignment of the Company's PC Systems
segment to concentrate on its core markets and customers. The Company
consolidated its domestic and international PC Systems operations and reduced
its workforce by 10%, or approximately 450 employees. The primary realignment
costs consisted of $7 million associated with employee termination benefits, $2
million for the write-down of equipment and leasehold improvements and $2
million in estimated costs for the write-off of current technologies, other
intangible assets and closure related costs. The realignment was substantially
complete and all costs were incurred by September 3, 1998.

     Summarized below are the assets and liabilities of the PC Systems business,
which are included together with the assets and liabilities of SpecTek, in the
accompanying Balance Sheets under "Net assets of discontinued operations."

                                                                 AS OF
                                                      ---------------------------
                                                      AUGUST 31,    SEPTEMBER 2,
                                                         2000           1999
                                                      ----------    -------------

ASSETS
Receivables.........................................    175,496        122,386
Inventories.........................................     17,138          8,788
Other current assets................................      7,524         19,368
Property, plant and equipment, net..................    138,134        116,472
Other assets........................................      6,437          5,599
                                                       --------       --------
Total assets........................................    344,729        272,613
                                                       --------       --------
LIABILITIES
Accounts payable and accrued expenses...............    214,071        200,955
Other liabilities...................................     18,999            450
                                                       --------       --------
Total liabilities...................................    233,070        201,405
                                                       --------       --------
Net assets of discontinued operations...............   $111,659       $ 71,208
                                                       ========       ========

SPECTEK

     The Company has adopted a plan to discontinue the operations of its SpecTek
business segment, which is accounted for as discontinued operations in
accordance with APB No. 30. Pursuant to the Amended and Restated Component
Recovery Agreement (as amended, the "Component Recovery Agreement"), dated
effective September 2, 1999, MTI has exercised its rights to purchase the assets
of the SpecTek business. On March 22, 2001, the Company entered into a Purchase
Agreement (the "Purchase Agreement") to sell all assets primarily used by
SpecTek and certain land, buildings and intellectual property assets, used
primarily by the PC Systems business, to MTI. Pursuant to the terms of the
Purchase Agreement, the Company transferred the land, buildings and intellectual
property to MTI on March 22, 2001. The assets used by SpecTek were transferred
to MTI on April 5, 2001. The Company has leased back a portion of the land and
buildings from MTI and has also been granted a license to use the intellectual
property. The estimated proceeds from the sale of assets under the Purchase
Agreement

                                       F-13

                            MICRON ELECTRONICS, INC.

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                    (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)

are $136 million, less $92 million of inter-company accounts payable to MTI. The
Company received $18 million of cash in excess of the historical cost of the
land, buildings, and intellectual property. This amount will be recorded, net of
tax, as an increase in additional paid in capital during the third quarter of
2001.

     The Company anticipates that SpecTek will provide income from its
operations through the disposal date of April 5, 2001. Income earned by SpecTek
during this period will be recognized in the third quarter of 2001. The Company
continued to purchase components from MTI through April 5, 2001, under the terms
of the Component Recovery Agreement. The cost to obtain components from MTI
during the phase-out period was 90% of pre-tax income attributable to the sale
of such components. Based on the terms of the Purchase Agreement, and in
accordance with APB 30, no estimated loss on disposal was recorded for the sale
of SpecTek in the second quarter of 2001.

     Summarized below are the operating results for SpecTek, which are included
together with the PC Systems business' operating results, in the accompanying
Statements of Operations under "Income (loss) from discontinued operations."

                                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED
                                                  ------------------------------------------
                                                  AUGUST 31,    SEPTEMBER 2,    SEPTEMBER 3,
                                                     2000           1999            1998
                                                  ----------    ------------    ------------

Net sales.......................................   $491,502       $199,617        $240,830
                                                   --------       --------        --------
Income before income taxes......................    200,084         80,141         184,147
Income tax provision............................    (57,060)       (30,884)        (81,840)
                                                   --------       --------        --------
Income from discontinued operations, net of
  tax...........................................   $143,024       $ 49,257        $102,307
                                                   ========       ========        ========

     Summarized below are the assets and liabilities of SpecTek, which are
included with the assets and liabilities of the PC Systems business, in the
accompanying Balance Sheets under "Net assets of discontinued operations."

                                                                        AS OF
                                                              --------------------------
                                                              AUGUST 31,    SEPTEMBER 2,
                                                                 2000           1999
                                                              ----------    ------------

ASSETS
Receivables.................................................   $ 53,968       $23,417
Inventories.................................................     13,620         8,733
Property, plant and equipment, net..........................     35,619        40,499
Other assets................................................        411           279
                                                               --------       -------
  Total assets..............................................    103,618        72,928
                                                               --------       -------
LIABILITIES
Accounts payable and accrued expenses.......................    126,626        29,164
Other liabilities...........................................        423           177
                                                               --------       -------
  Total liabilities.........................................    127,049        29,341
                                                               --------       -------
Net (liabilities) assets of discontinued operations.........   $(23,431)      $43,587
                                                               ========       =======

GAIN ON SALE OF MCMS COMMON STOCK

     On February 26, 1998, the Company sold 90% of its interest in MCMS, its
wholly owned subsidiary. The sale was structured as a re-capitalization of MCMS
(the "Re-capitalization"), whereby Cornerstone

                                       F-14

                            MICRON ELECTRONICS, INC.

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                    (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)

Equity Investors IV, L.P., other investors and certain members of MCMS'
management, including Robert F. Subia, then a director of the Company, acquired
the 90% interest in MCMS. In exchange for the 90% interest in MCMS, the Company
received $249 million in cash. Results of discontinued operations of the SpecTek
business segment in 1998 include a pre-tax gain of $156 million ($95 million or
$0.98 per diluted share, net of taxes) realized from the sale. Subsequent to the
Re-capitalization of MCMS, the Company owned a 10% interest in MCMS, which is
accounted for using the cost basis of accounting. Accordingly, results of
operations of MCMS subsequent to February 26, 1998 have been excluded from the
Company's results of operations.

ACQUISITIONS

     The Company has acquired and strategically invested in a number of
companies to expand its Internet access and Web hosting capabilities through its
HostPro business. In 2000, the Company acquired two Web and application hosting
companies and invested in one start-up company. In the last month of 1999, the
Company acquired one Web hosting company and one Internet access company. On
December 14, 1999 the Company acquired LightRealm, Inc. ("LightRealm"), a
Kirkland, Washington-based Web and applications hosting and Internet access
company serving small- and medium-size businesses. The Company paid
approximately $48 million in cash, including expenses in exchange for 100% of
LightRealm's outstanding stock. On March 16, 2000, the Company acquired
Worldwide International Publishing Corporation ("WIPC"), a Boca-Raton,
Florida-based Web hosting company that also served small- and medium-size
businesses. The Company paid approximately $13 million in cash, including
expenses in exchange for 100% of the outstanding stock of WIPC. The Company
accounted for both transactions as purchases and allocated the purchase price to
the net assets acquired, including intangible assets, based on the their fair
values as determined by an independent appraiser. The Company's results of
operations for 2000 include the results of operations of LightRealm and WIPC,
subsequent to their respective acquisition dates.

     On April 7, 2000, the Company invested $7 million in Bird on a Wire
Networks, Inc., ("BOAW"), a Toronto-based dedicated Web hosting start-up company
in exchange for a non-interest bearing convertible debenture (the "Debenture").
The Debenture is convertible after April 7, 2003 or upon the occurrence of
certain liquidity events, into common shares that will provide the Company with
up to 30% of the issued and outstanding common shares of BOAW at the conversion
date. The Company is accounting for this investment using the equity method of
accounting.

     On March 24, 2000, the Company acquired certain assets and assumed certain
liabilities, which consisted primarily of warranty obligations, of Inacom, for
approximately $5 million in cash. Included in the assets were accounts
receivable and a number of contracts with various federal agencies, including
the Department of Veterans Affairs Procurement of Hardware and Software ("PCHS")
contract. The PCHS contract is currently in its third year of a five-year term
and is open to orders from all government agencies. The operations and the
assets and liabilities of the Inacom acquisition are included with the
discontinued operations of the PC Systems business.

                                       F-15

                            MICRON ELECTRONICS, INC.

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                    (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)

     A summary of the net assets of LightRealm, WIPC and Inacom at their
respective acquisition dates, including deferred tax effects is as follows:

                                                            FAIR VALUE
                                                            ----------

Property and equipment....................................   $ 2,367
Goodwill and other intangibles............................    67,750
Net current assets........................................     6,487
Net non-current liabilities...............................    (3,427)
Net deferred tax liability................................    (7,187)
                                                             -------
                                                             $65,990
                                                             =======

     On August 2, 1999, the Company acquired NetLimited, Inc. (d.b.a.
"HostPro"), a Seattle-based Web and applications hosting provider serving small-
and medium-size businesses. Shortly after the purchase, the Company adopted the
HostPro name for its entire Web hosting and Internet access business. The
Company paid approximately $22 million in cash, including expenses in exchange
for 100% of the outstanding stock of HostPro. The purchase agreement contained a
clause permitting an upward or downward adjustment to the purchase price of up
to 10% depending on the number of subscriber accounts existing on February 24,
2000. The number of subscriber accounts met the requirements as specified in the
agreement, and accordingly the Company paid an additional $2 million in March
2000 to the original shareholders, which was capitalized as part of the purchase
price.

     An independent appraiser through an analysis using a risk adjusted cash
flow model determined the fair value of HostPro's technology. The analysis
estimated future cash flows derived from the technology or products
incorporating the technology. These cash flows were discounted taking into
account the life expectancy of the technology and risks related to existing and
future markets. Technology was segregated into that which was determined to be
completed (those currently technologically feasible but that may require
adjustments or relatively minor enhancements) and in-process (technologies that
require additional research and development efforts to reach technological
feasibility). Estimated future cash flows associated with in-process research
and development were discounted considering risks and uncertainties related to
the viability, stage of completion, work required to establish feasibility, and
to the completion of products the Company would ultimately market. The analysis
resulted in the allocation of $1 million of purchase price to in-process
research and development. In management's opinion, the acquired in-process
research and development had not yet reached a stage where feasibility, delivery
or product features were certain and had no alternative future use. As a result,
acquired in-process research and development was charged to expense during the
fourth quarter of 1999.

     On the last day of the 1999 fiscal year, the Company acquired the property
and equipment of Micron Internet Services ("MIS"), formerly a division of MTI.
MIS is a provider of dedicated, nationwide dial-up and broadband Internet
access, virtual private network solutions, and e-commerce services. The Company
paid approximately $2 million in cash, which was equal to the book value of the
net assets of MIS. The Company accounted for this transaction at historical
cost.

                                       F-16

                            MICRON ELECTRONICS, INC.

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                    (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)

     A summary of the net assets acquired, including the $2 million additional
purchase price paid in March 2000 and deferred tax effects is as follows:

                                                            FAIR VALUE
                                                            ----------

In-process research and development.......................   $ 1,000
Property and equipment....................................     2,812
Goodwill and other intangibles............................    23,849
Net current assets........................................       661
Net deferred tax liability................................    (2,127)
                                                             -------
                                                             $26,195
                                                             =======

     The following unaudited pro forma information reflects the results of the
Company's continuing operations for the years ended August 31, 2000, September
2, 1999 and September 3, 1998 as if the acquisitions of LightRealm, WIPC and
Inacom had occurred at the beginning of 1999 and HostPro and MIS had occurred at
the beginning of 1998, after giving effect to certain adjustments, including
amortization of intangibles, depreciation, and related income tax effects. These
pro forma results have been prepared for comparative purposes only and do not
purport to be indicative of what operating results would have been had the
acquisitions actually taken place at the beginning of the periods presented or
operating results which may occur in the future.

                                                                   FISCAL YEAR ENDED
                                               ---------------------------------------------------------
                                               AUGUST 31, 2000    SEPTEMBER 2, 1999    SEPTEMBER 3, 1998
                                               ---------------    -----------------    -----------------
                                                  UNAUDITED           UNAUDITED            UNAUDITED

Revenue from continuing operations...........     $ 37,358             $22,357              $ 6,736
Income (loss) from continuing operations.....      (27,420)             (7,675)                 839
Net income...................................       38,291              26,378               43,711
Income (loss) per share, basic:
  Continuing operations......................     $  (0.28)            $ (0.08)             $  0.01
  Net income.................................     $   0.40             $  0.27              $  0.46
Income (loss) per share, diluted:
  Continuing operations......................     $  (0.28)            $ (0.08)             $  0.01
  Net income.................................     $   0.40             $  0.27              $  0.46

INVESTMENT SECURITIES

                                                                             AS OF
                                                              ------------------------------------
                                                              AUGUST 31, 2000    SEPTEMBER 2, 1999
                                                              ---------------    -----------------

Held to maturity investment securities, at amortized cost:
  Commercial paper..........................................     $ 128,836           $ 115,579
  State and local government................................        62,077              80,793
  U.S. Government agency....................................        96,018             109,792
                                                                 ---------           ---------
                                                                   286,931             306,164
Less cash equivalents.......................................      (160,899)           (168,636)
                                                                 ---------           ---------
Liquid investments..........................................     $ 126,032           $ 137,528
                                                                 =========           =========

     Securities classified as held-to-maturity have remaining maturities of less
than one year.

                                       F-17

                            MICRON ELECTRONICS, INC.

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                    (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)

RECEIVABLES

                                                                             AS OF
                                                              ------------------------------------
                                                              AUGUST 31, 2000    SEPTEMBER 2, 1999
                                                              ---------------    -----------------

Trade receivables...........................................     $   3,639           $     360
Taxes recoverable...........................................            --               6,602
Other.......................................................         1,070                  --
Allowance for doubtful accounts.............................          (305)                (65)
                                                                 ---------           ---------
                                                                 $   4,404           $   6,897
                                                                 =========           =========

PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

                                                                             AS OF
                                                              ------------------------------------
                                                              AUGUST 31, 2000    SEPTEMBER 2, 1999
                                                              ---------------    -----------------

Computer equipment and software.............................     $  16,429           $     619
Leasehold improvements......................................        10,550                  21
Assets in progress..........................................        14,990               2,264
Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization.............        (4,296)                (17)
                                                                 ---------           ---------
                                                                 $  37,673           $   2,887
                                                                 =========           =========

     Depreciation and amortization of property, plant and equipment was $4.2
million and $0.0 million for 2000 and 1999, respectively. Depreciation and
amortization of property, plant and equipment relating to discontinued
operations was $36 million, $33 million and $39 million for 2000, 1999 and 1998,
respectively.

ACQUIRED INTANGIBLES AND GOODWILL

                                                                       AS OF
                                                        ------------------------------------
                                                        AUGUST 31, 2000    SEPTEMBER 2, 1999
                                                        ---------------    -----------------

Acquired intangibles..................................      $65,375             $ 5,400
Goodwill..............................................       24,700              17,386
                                                            -------             -------
                                                             90,075              22,786
Less accumulated amortization.........................       (8,254)               (206)
                                                            -------             -------
                                                            $81,821             $22,580
                                                            =======             =======

     Amortization of goodwill and acquired intangible assets relating to
continuing operations was $8.0 million and $0.2 million for 2000 and 1999,
respectively. Amortization of goodwill and acquired intangible assets relating
to discontinued operations was $0.5 million for 2000.

EQUITY INVESTMENT

     On April 7, 2000, the Company invested $7 million in BOAW, a dedicated Web
hosting start-up company in exchange for a non-interest bearing convertible
debenture (the "Debenture"). The Debenture is convertible after April 7, 2003,
or upon the occurrence of certain liquidity events, into common shares that will
provide the Company with up to 30% of the issued and outstanding common shares
of BOAW at the conversion date. The Company accounts for this investment using
the equity method of accounting.

                                       F-18

                            MICRON ELECTRONICS, INC.

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                    (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)

ACCOUNTS PAYABLE AND ACCRUED EXPENSES

                                                                       AS OF
                                                        ------------------------------------
                                                        AUGUST 31, 2000    SEPTEMBER 2, 1999
                                                        ---------------    -----------------

Trade payable.........................................      $ 7,670             $   409
Accrued payroll and related liabilities...............        3,442               2,348
Taxes payable.........................................        7,268                  36
Deferred revenue......................................        3,198                 739
Other.................................................        6,426               8,724
                                                            -------             -------
                                                            $28,004             $12,256
                                                            =======             =======

OTHER LIABILITIES

                                                                       AS OF
                                                        ------------------------------------
                                                        AUGUST 31, 2000    SEPTEMBER 2, 1999
                                                        ---------------    -----------------

Accrued stock compensation............................      $ 5,340             $ 3,892
Other.................................................        5,943               6,260
                                                            -------             -------
                                                            $11,283             $10,152
                                                            =======             =======

DEBT

                                                                             AS OF
                                                              ------------------------------------
                                                              AUGUST 31, 2000    SEPTEMBER 2, 1999
                                                              ---------------    -----------------

Notes payable in periodic installments through June 2001,
  weighted average interest rate of 7.93% and 7.85%,
  respectively..............................................      $ 1,854             $ 9,722
Capitalized lease obligations payable in monthly
  installments through October 2002, weighted average
  interest rate of 10.29% and 15.4%, respectively...........          117                 271
                                                                  -------             -------
                                                                    1,971               9,993
Less current portion........................................       (1,971)             (4,992)
                                                                  -------             -------
                                                                  $    --             $ 5,001
                                                                  =======             =======

     The Company has an unsecured credit agreement, expiring June 2001, with a
group of financial institutions providing for borrowings totaling $100 million.
As of August 31, 2000, the Company was eligible to borrow the full amount under
the agreement, but had no borrowings outstanding. Under the agreement, the
Company is subject to certain financial and other covenants including certain
financial ratios and limitations on the amount of dividends we can declare or
pay. On March 28, 2001, we terminated this credit agreement.

     Certain of our notes payable are collateralized by equipment with a total
cost of $10 million and accumulated depreciation of $9 million as of August 31,
2000. Equipment under capital leases net of accumulated amortization was $4
million as of August 31, 2000.

     Interest income is net of approximately $0.2 million, $0.4 million, and
$0.05 million of interest expenses in 2000, 1999, and 1998, respectively.
Construction period interest of approximately $0.2 million, $1 million, and $2
million, was capitalized into the cost of discontinued operations assets in
2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively.

                                       F-19

                            MICRON ELECTRONICS, INC.

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                    (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)

STOCK PURCHASE AND INCENTIVE PLANS

     The Company's 1995 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the "Plan") allows
eligible employees to purchase shares of common stock through payroll
deductions. The shares can be purchased for 85% of the lower of the beginning or
ending fair market value of each six-month offering period and is restricted
from resale for a period of one year from the date of purchase. Purchases are
limited to 20% of an employee's eligible compensation. A total of 2,500,000
shares are reserved for issuance under the plan, of which approximately 861,000
shares had been issued as of August 31, 2000. Shares issued under the Plan
during 2000, 1999 and 1998, were approximately 169,000, 184,000, and 237,000,
respectively.

     The Company's 1995 Stock Option Plan (the "Option Plan") provides for the
granting of incentive and non-statutory stock options. As of August 31, 2000,
there were 15 million shares of common stock reserved for issuance under the
Option Plan. Exercise prices of the incentive and non-statutory stock options
are 100% of the fair market value of the Company's common stock on the date of
grant. Prior to April 28, 1999 exercise prices of the incentive and
non-statutory stock options were generally issued at 100% and 85%, respectively,
of the fair market value of the Company's common stock on the date of grant.
Stock options granted to employees and executive officers after April 28, 1999
typically have a term of ten years and vest twenty-five percent each year for
four years from the date of grant. Stock options granted to employees and
executive officers prior to April 28, 1999 typically have a term of six years
and vest twenty percent each year for five years from the date of grant.

     On March 19, 1998, the Company's Board of Directors approved an option
re-pricing program pursuant to which all employees, except certain executive
officers, could exchange outstanding options under the Option Plan for new
options having an exercise price equal to the average closing price of the
Company's common stock for the five business days preceding April 3, 1998 and
having generally the same terms and conditions, including vesting and expiration
terms, as the options exchanged. The exercise price of the options reissued
under this option re-pricing program is $13.06 per share.

     During 1998, Mr. Joel J. Kocher, the Company's Chief Executive Officer and
Chairman of the Board of Directors, was granted options to purchase a total of
650,000 shares of the Company's Common Stock. Of these 650,000 options, 500,000
were granted under the Option Plan and 150,000 were granted as non-plan grants.
A total of 250,000 options vest after completion by Mr. Kocher of seven (7)
years of employment with the Company, subject to immediate early vesting if the
Company achieves certain financial criteria relating to profitability, net
revenue, net margin and cash balance increases.

                                       F-20

                            MICRON ELECTRONICS, INC.

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                    (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)

     Option activity under the Option Plan is summarized as follows (amounts in
thousands, except per share amounts):

                                                                    FISCAL YEAR ENDED
                                            ------------------------------------------------------------------
                                              AUGUST 31, 2000       SEPTEMBER 2, 1999      SEPTEMBER 3, 1998
                                            --------------------   --------------------   --------------------
                                                        WEIGHTED               WEIGHTED               WEIGHTED
                                                        AVERAGE                AVERAGE                AVERAGE
                                             NUMBER     EXERCISE    NUMBER     EXERCISE    NUMBER     EXERCISE
                                            OF SHARES    PRICE     OF SHARES    PRICE     OF SHARES    PRICE
                                            ---------   --------   ---------   --------   ---------   --------

Outstanding at beginning of year..........    7,448      $12.56      5,292      $12.56      3,559      $16.98
Granted...................................    2,719       10.94      3,713       12.77      5,842       13.20
Exercised.................................     (229)      12.17       (218)      12.28        (68)      11.37
Terminated or canceled....................   (1,735)      13.20     (1,339)      13.21     (4,041)      17.40
                                             ------                 ------                 ------
Outstanding at end of year................    8,203       11.90      7,448       12.56      5,292       12.56
                                             ======                 ======                 ======
Exercisable at end of year................    2,233       12.40      1,426       12.86        747       13.24
Shares available for future grant under
  the Option Plan.........................    6,406                  2,390                  4,764

     The following table summarizes information about the Company's stock
options outstanding under the Option Plan as of August 31, 2000 (amounts in
thousands, except per share amounts):

                                                          OPTIONS OUTSTANDING           OPTIONS EXERCISABLE
                                                  -----------------------------------   --------------------
                                                                WEIGHTED     WEIGHTED               WEIGHTED
                                                                AVERAGE      AVERAGE                AVERAGE
                                                   NUMBER      REMAINING     EXERCISE    NUMBER     EXERCISE
            RANGE OF EXERCISE PRICES              OF SHARES   LIFE (YEARS)    PRICE     OF SHARES    PRICE
            ------------------------              ---------   ------------   --------   ---------   --------

Less than $10.00................................    1,484         6.6         $ 8.32        401      $ 9.17
$10.01 - $15.00.................................    6,196         5.7          12.20      1,620       12.39
$15.01 - $20.00.................................      428         3.5          17.54        175       17.71
Greater than $20.00.............................       95         3.4          22.35         37       22.44
                                                    -----                                 -----
                                                    8,203                                 2,233
                                                    =====                                 =====

     The Company adopted the disclosure-only provisions of SFAS 123, "Accounting
for Stock-Based Compensation." The Company elected to continue to measure
compensation expense for its stock-based employee compensation using the
intrinsic value method prescribed by APB No. 25, "Accounting for Stock Issued to
Employees." The fair value of options at date of grant is estimated using the
Black-

                                       F-21

                            MICRON ELECTRONICS, INC.

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                    (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)

Scholes options pricing model. The weighted average assumptions and resulting
fair values at date of grant for options granted during 2000, 1999 and 1998,
follow:

                                    STOCK OPTION PLAN SHARES        EMPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE PLAN SHARES
                                ---------------------------------   ------------------------------------
                                  2000        1999        1998         2000         1999         1998
                                ---------   ---------   ---------   ----------   ----------   ----------

Assumptions:
  Expected life...............  3.2 years   3.5 years   3.3 years   0.5 years    0.5 years    0.5 years
  Risk-free interest rate.....        6.1%        5.0%        5.6%        5.6%         4.5%         5.1%
  Expected volatility.........       72.0%       70.0%       70.0%       72.0%        70.0%        70.0%
  Dividend yield..............        0.0%        0.0%        0.0%        0.0%         0.0%         0.0%
Weighted average fair values:
  Exercise price equal to
     market price.............      $6.31       $6.88       $6.57          --           --           --
  Exercise price less than
     market price.............       8.83        8.46        9.25       $3.99        $4.79        $3.78

     Stock based compensation costs would have reduced net income by $17
million, $9 million and $11 million or $0.17, $0.09 and $0.11 per diluted share,
respectively, if the fair values of all options granted subsequent to 1995 had
been recognized as compensation expense on a straight-line basis over the
vesting period of the grants. The pro forma effect on net income for 2000, 1999,
and 1998, may not be representative of the pro forma effect on net income in
future years because it does not take into consideration pro forma compensation
expense related to grants made prior to the adoption of SFAS No. 123.

     On August 17, 2000, the Board of Directors of the Company and HostPro
adopted the 2000 Equity Incentive Plan I and 2000 Equity Incentive Plan II,
reserving a total of 10 million shares of HostPro Common Stock for issuance
under the plans. The grants awarded during 2000 become vested as to 25% of the
shares issued under the option grant after one year from the date of grant.
Subsequent to the one-year anniversary of the grant, the options become vested
as to 2.08% of the total shares of the option grant per month. Options may not
be exercised prior to (i) issuance to the public of shares of Common Stock
pursuant to an S-1 Registration Statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended or (ii) five years from the date of grant; provided that any option
granted to a resident of California who is not an officer or director of HostPro
shall become exercisable at the rate of no less than 20% per year over five
years from the date of grant.

                                       F-22

                            MICRON ELECTRONICS, INC.

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                    (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)

     Option activity under HostPro's Stock Plans are as follows (amounts in
thousands, except per share amounts):

                                                             FISCAL YEAR ENDED
                                                              AUGUST 31, 2000
                                                           ---------------------
                                                                        WEIGHTED
                                                                        AVERAGE
                                                            NUMBER      EXERCISE
                                                           OF SHARES     PRICE
                                                           ---------    --------

Outstanding at beginning of year.........................       --       $  --
Granted..................................................    3,876        2.25
Exercised................................................       --          --
Terminated or canceled...................................        1        2.25
                                                             -----
Outstanding at end of year...............................    3,875        2.25
                                                             =====
Exercisable at end of year...............................       --          --
Shares available for future grant under the Option
  Plan...................................................    6,124

     The following table summarizes information about HostPro's options
outstanding under the 2000 Equity Incentive Plans (amounts in thousands, except
per share amounts):

                                                          OPTIONS OUTSTANDING           OPTIONS EXERCISABLE
                                                  -----------------------------------   --------------------
                                                                WEIGHTED     WEIGHTED               WEIGHTED
                                                                AVERAGE      AVERAGE                AVERAGE
                                                   NUMBER      REMAINING     EXERCISE    NUMBER     EXERCISE
            RANGE OF EXERCISE PRICES              OF SHARES   LIFE (YEARS)    PRICE     OF SHARES    PRICE
            ------------------------              ---------   ------------   --------   ---------   --------

Less than $10.00................................    3,875         9.9         $2.25         --        --
                                                    =====                                  ===

     The fair value of options at date of grant is estimated using the
Black-Scholes options pricing model. The weighted average assumptions and
resulting fair values at date of grant for options granted during 2000 follow:

                                                          STOCK OPTION PLAN SHARES

                                                          ------------------------

Assumptions:
  Expected life.........................................      3.0 years
  Risk-free interest rate...............................        5.9%
  Expected volatility...................................        0.0%
  Dividend yield........................................        0.0%
Weighted average fair values:
  Exercise price equal to market price..................        $0.37
  Exercise price less than market price.................         --

     The pro forma stock based compensation costs would not have a significant
impact on compensation expense if the fair values of HostPro options granted had
been recognized as compensation expense on a straight-line basis over the
vesting period of the grants.

RETIREMENT PLAN

     The Company offers its employees a 401(k) retirement plan (the "RAM Plan")
in which substantially all employees may participate. Under the RAM Plan,
employees may contribute from 2% to 16% of eligible pay to various savings
alternatives. The RAM plan provides for an annual match of eligible

                                       F-23

                            MICRON ELECTRONICS, INC.

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                    (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)

employee's contributions equal to 100% of the first 4% of pay or $1,500,
whichever is greater. Beginning in 2000, the Company's contributions under the
RAM Plan are made in the Company's stock, which is purchased on the open market.
The Company may also contribute additional amounts based on its financial
performance. The Company's expense included in continuing operations pursuant to
the RAM Plan was approximately $0.3 million, $0.1 million, and $0.1 million in
2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively. The Company's expense included in
discontinued operations pursuant to the RAM Plan was approximately $2.7 million,
$2.1 million, and $3.6 million in 2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively.

TRANSACTIONS WITH AFFILIATES

                                                           FISCAL YEAR ENDED
                                       ---------------------------------------------------------
                                       AUGUST 31, 2000    SEPTEMBER 2, 1999    SEPTEMBER 3, 1998
                                       ---------------    -----------------    -----------------

Net sales............................     $  7,282             $ 3,742              $18,538
Inventory purchases..................       98,227              51,202               34,393
Component recovery agreement
  expenses...........................      204,603              65,298               27,350
Administrative services and other
  expenses...........................          524                 529                1,147
Property, plant and equipment
  purchases..........................        7,651               6,634                4,395
Property, plant and equipment
  sales..............................       37,504               2,744                5,307

     Substantially all the transactions noted above were between the company's
discontinued operations and MTI.

COMMITMENTS

     As of August 31, 2000, the Company had commitments of $19 million for
equipment purchases and $19 million for software infrastructure. In addition,
the Company is required to make minimum royalty payments under certain
agreements and periodically enter into purchase commitments with certain
suppliers.

     The Company leases various office and production facilities and certain
other property and equipment, under operating lease agreements expiring through
2007, with optional renewal periods thereafter. Rental expense was approximately
$8 million, $4 million, and $5 million in 2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively.
Future minimum lease payments are as follows:

                    FISCAL YEAR                       MINIMUM PAYMENTS
                    -----------                       ----------------

2001................................................      $ 3,662
2002................................................        3,088
2003................................................        2,657
2004................................................        2,719
2005................................................        2,216
Thereafter..........................................        4,420
                                                          -------
                                                          $18,762
                                                          =======

                                       F-24

                            MICRON ELECTRONICS, INC.

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                    (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)

INCOME TAXES

                                                           FISCAL YEAR ENDED
                                       ---------------------------------------------------------
                                       AUGUST 31, 2000    SEPTEMBER 2, 1999    SEPTEMBER 3, 1998
                                       ---------------    -----------------    -----------------

Current:
  U.S. federal.......................      $15,753             $ 5,346              $29,299
  State..............................        3,416                 348                2,089
                                           -------             -------              -------
                                            19,169               5,694               31,388
                                           -------             -------              -------
Deferred:
  U.S. federal.......................       (1,783)             15,398                6,178
  State..............................          418               1,502                  585
                                           -------             -------              -------
                                            (1,365)             16,900                6,763
                                           -------             -------              -------
Income tax provision.................      $17,804             $22,594              $38,151
                                           =======             =======              =======
Allocated to:

  Continuing operations..............      $(9,748)            $ 2,209              $ 3,124
                                           =======             =======              =======
  Discontinued operations............      $27,552             $20,385              $35,027
                                           =======             =======              =======

     The tax benefit associated with non-statutory stock options and
disqualifying dispositions by employees of shares issued under the Company's
stock plans reduced taxes payable by approximately $0.05 million, $0.4 million
and $0.03 million for 2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively. These benefits were
credited to additional capital.

     A reconciliation between the income tax provision and income tax computed
using the federal statutory rate follows:

                                                           FISCAL YEAR ENDED
                                       ---------------------------------------------------------
                                       AUGUST 31, 2000    SEPTEMBER 2, 1999    SEPTEMBER 3, 1998
                                       ---------------    -----------------    -----------------

U.S. federal income tax at statutory
  rate...............................      $20,771             $20,691              $30,136
State taxes, net of federal benefit
  and state tax credits..............          723               1,777                1,743
Valuation allowance..................           --                  --                4,139
In-process research and
  development........................           --                 350                   --
Tax-exempt Foreign Trade Income......       (5,398)             (2,379)                (688)
Other................................        1,708               2,155                2,821
                                           -------             -------              -------
Income tax provision.................      $17,804             $22,594              $38,151
                                           =======             =======              =======

                                       F-25

                            MICRON ELECTRONICS, INC.

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                    (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)

     The tax effects of temporary differences and carryforwards that give rise
to the deferred tax assets and liabilities are as follows:

                                                                             AS OF
                                                              ------------------------------------
                                                              AUGUST 31, 2000    SEPTEMBER 2, 1999
                                                              ---------------    -----------------

Deferred tax assets:
  Receivables and other allowances..........................     $  2,515            $  4,827
  Inventories...............................................        1,814               1,308
  Accrued expenses..........................................        6,030               7,287
  Investment basis difference...............................        3,358               3,361
  Accrued compensation......................................        4,501               3,540
  Accrued licenses and royalties............................        1,431               1,595
  Deferred revenue..........................................        8,631               1,753
  Net operating loss carryforwards..........................        4,652               5,590
  Other.....................................................        2,024               1,351
                                                                 --------            --------
Total deferred tax assets...................................       34,956              30,612
  Valuation allowance.......................................       (4,652)             (4,652)
                                                                 --------            --------
Net deferred tax assets.....................................       30,304              25,960
                                                                 --------            --------
Deferred tax liabilities:
  Property, plant and equipment.............................       (6,231)             (4,637)
  Acquired intangibles......................................       (9,368)             (2,122)
  Deferred patent charges...................................       (1,843)             (1,829)
  Other.....................................................      (15,792)            (14,479)
                                                                 --------            --------
Total deferred tax liabilities..............................      (33,234)            (23,067)
                                                                 --------            --------
Net deferred taxes..........................................     $ (2,930)           $  2,893
                                                                 ========            ========

     Deferred tax assets and liabilities have not been classified with net
assets of discontinued operations because income taxes will not be assumed by
the buyers of the discontinued operations and will remain the responsibility of
the Company.

     The Company has federal operating loss carryforwards of $11 million
(including $10 million and $1 million as a result of the NetFRAME and HostPro
acquisitions) that expire beginning in 2006. The Company also has apportioned
state operating loss carryforwards of $18 million (including $4 million as a
result of the NetFRAME acquisition) that begin to expire in 2001. Deferred tax
liabilities of approximately $7 million and $2 million were recorded in
connection with the acquisitions in 2000 and 1999, respectively. The use of
pre-acquisition operating losses and tax credit carryforwards are subject to
limitations imposed by the Internal Revenue Code. To the extent the amount of
NetFRAME's operating loss and tax credit carryforwards available to offset
future taxable income were statutorily limited, no deferred tax asset was
established.

                                       F-26

                            MICRON ELECTRONICS, INC.

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                    (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)

EARNINGS PER SHARE

     In accordance with SFAS No. 128, "Earnings Per Share," diluted earnings per
share excludes anti-dilutive employee stock options of approximately 8.2
million, 1.2 million and 0.8 million in 2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively. A
reconciliation of the number of common shares outstanding follows:

                                                                 FISCAL YEAR ENDED
                                              -------------------------------------------------------
                                              AUGUST 31, 2000   SEPTEMBER 2, 1999   SEPTEMBER 3, 1998
                                              ---------------   -----------------   -----------------

Common shares outstanding:
  Weighted average shares outstanding --
     basic..................................      96,447             96,127              95,657
     Effect of dilutive stock options.......          --                506                 370
                                                  ------             ------              ------
  Weighted average shares outstanding --
     diluted................................      96,447             96,633              96,027
                                                  ======             ======              ======

CONTINGENCIES

     The Company is defending a consumer class action lawsuit filed in the
Federal District Court of Minnesota based on the alleged sale of defective
computers. No class has been certified in the case. The case involves a claim
that we sold computer products with a defect that may cause errors when
information is written to a floppy disk. Substantially similar lawsuits have
been filed against other major computer manufacturers. The case is currently in
the early stages of discovery, and we are therefore unable to estimate total
expenses, possible loss or range of loss that may ultimately be connected with
the matter.

     During the third quarter of 1997, the Company began to collect and remit
applicable sales or use taxes in nearly all states. In association therewith,
the Company is party to agreements with nearly all states, which generally limit
its liability, if any, for non-remittance of sales and use taxes prior to such
agreements' effective dates. The Company believes the resolution of any matters
relating to the non-remittance of sales or use taxes prior to the balance sheet
date will not have a material adverse effect on its business, financial
position, and results of operations and cash flows.

     Periodically, the Company is made aware that technology it uses may
infringe on intellectual property rights held by others. The Company has accrued
a liability and charged operations for the estimated costs of settlement or
adjudication of asserted and unasserted claims for alleged infringement prior to
the balance sheet date. Resolution of these claims could have a material adverse
effect on future results of operations and could require changes in the
Company's products or processes.

     The Company is currently a party to various other legal actions arising out
of the normal course of business, none of which is expected to have a material
adverse effect on the Company's business, financial position, results of
operations and cash flows.

     During the fourth quarter of 1998 the results of PC Systems discontinued
operations were favorably affected by a benefit to cost of goods sold of $12
million related to revisions of estimates for certain contingencies for product
and process technology costs for patent infringement matters based on new
information learned by management in the fourth quarter of 1998.

OPERATING SEGMENT AND GEOGRAPHIC INFORMATION

     The Company adopted Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (SFAS) 131,
"Disclosures about Segments of an Enterprise and Related Information" in 1999.
SFAS 131 supersedes SFAS 14, "Financial Reporting for Segments of a Business
Enterprise," replacing the "industry segment" approach with the "management"
approach. The management approach designates the internal organization that is
used by management for making operating decisions and assessing performance as
the source of its

                                       F-27

                            MICRON ELECTRONICS, INC.

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                    (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)

reportable segments. SFAS 131 also requires disclosures about products and
services, geographic areas, and major customers.

     The Company had three business segments, PC Systems, SpecTek, and HostPro.
As discussed in the note entitled "Discontinued Operations", the PC Systems and
SpecTek business units are being reported as discontinued operations. HostPro,
the remaining business segment, is reported as the Company's continuing
operation.

                                                           FISCAL YEAR ENDED
                                       ---------------------------------------------------------
                                       AUGUST 31, 2000    SEPTEMBER 2, 1999    SEPTEMBER 3, 1998
                                       ---------------    -----------------    -----------------

REVENUE BY GEOGRAPHIC AREA
  (based on customer location)
  United States......................      $29,773              $417                 $ --
  Non-US.............................        3,089                47                   --
                                           -------              ----                 ----
  Totals.............................      $32,862              $464                 $ --
                                           =======              ====                 ====

MAJOR CUSTOMERS

     The Company's discontinued PC Systems business received approximately $246
million, $261 million and $259 million in net revenue for in 2000, 1999 and
1998, respectively, from a single external customer, the federal government.

SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

Sale of MCMS Common Stock

     On September 29, 2000, the Company sold its remaining 10% interest in MCMS
for a net gain of $4.5 million.

Business Combination

     On March 23, 2001, the Company, Interland, and Imagine Acquisition
Corporation ("Merger Sub"), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, entered
into an Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of March 22, 2001 (the "Merger
Agreement"). Subject to the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement, Merger
Sub will merge with and into Interland, with Interland to survive and become a
wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (the "Merger"). Each outstanding share of
Interland common stock will be exchanged for 0.861 (the "Exchange Ratio") shares
of Micron Electronics common stock, and options and warrants to purchase
Interland common stock will be exchanged for options or warrants, respectfully,
to purchase shares of the Company's common stock according to the Exchange
Ratio. Based on provisions of the Merger Agreement, the Exchange Ratio may be
subject to change. After the closing of the Merger, Interland shareholders and
MTI are expected to own approximately 30% and 43%, respectively, of the
Company's outstanding common shares. In connection with the planned combination
with Interland, the Company converted all the outstanding stock options under
the HostPro Stock Plans to stock options of the Company and adopted the HostPro
stock plans as the Micron Electronics, Inc. 2001 Equity Incentive Plan.

     Interland provides a broad range of Web hosting, applications hosting and
other related Web-based business solutions specifically designed to meet the
needs of small and medium-sized businesses. Interland had net sales of $34
million for the year ended December 31, 2000 and a net loss of $67 million.

                                       F-28

                            MICRON ELECTRONICS, INC.

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                    (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)

Sale of Connectivity Accounts (unaudited)

     On March 26, 2001 the Company entered into an agreement to sell
substantially all of its consumer dial-up accounts for between $4 and $5
million. Revenue from these accounts was approximately 18.6% of total revenues
for fiscal 2000. The sale of these accounts is not expected to have a
substantial impact on operating income. The Company expects that these accounts
will be transferred by August 2001.

Sale of BOAW Assets (unaudited)

     On April 24, 2001, BOAW entered into non-binding letter of intent to sell
its net assets. After settling BOAW liabilities, the Company will receive the
net proceeds. The Company will record a loss on disposal of BOAW of
approximately $2.1 million in the third fiscal quarter of 2001, if the
transaction is completed.

                                       F-29

                            MICRON ELECTRONICS, INC.

                  QUARTERLY FINANCIAL INFORMATION (UNAUDITED)
                    (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)

                                                      FOURTH      THIRD     SECOND      FIRST
                                                     QUARTER     QUARTER    QUARTER    QUARTER
                                                     --------    -------    -------    -------

  Revenue..........................................  $ 11,397    $10,155    $ 7,170    $ 4,140
  Gross margin.....................................     2,700      2,295      2,298      1,234
  Income (loss) from continuing operations.........   (14,180)    (8,287)    (3,772)        47
  Net income (loss)................................    23,065     (1,866)     5,725     14,619
  Income (loss) per share, basic and diluted:
     Continuing operations.........................     (0.14)     (0.09)     (0.04)      0.00
     Discontinued operations.......................      0.38       0.07       0.10       0.15
                                                     --------    -------    -------    -------
       Net income..................................      0.24      (0.02)      0.06       0.15

  Revenue..........................................  $    464    $    --    $    --    $    --
  Gross margin.....................................       361         --         --         --
  Income from continuing operations................       842      1,262      1,617      1,466
  Net income.......................................    13,715      6,981      4,169     11,659
  Income per share, basic and diluted:
     Continuing operations.........................      0.01       0.01       0.01       0.01
     Discontinued operations.......................      0.13       0.06       0.03       0.11
                                                     --------    -------    -------    -------
       Net income..................................      0.14       0.07       0.04       0.12

                                       F-30

                            MICRON ELECTRONICS, INC.

                SCHEDULE II -- VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS
                                 (IN THOUSANDS)

                                                                   FISCAL YEAR ENDED
                                               ---------------------------------------------------------
                                               AUGUST 31, 2000    SEPTEMBER 2, 1999    SEPTEMBER 3, 1998
                                               ---------------    -----------------    -----------------

ALLOWANCE FOR DOUBTFUL ACCOUNTS
Balance at beginning of year.................      $ 3,846             $ 3,709                7,556
Additions charged to expense.................        5,750               2,715                4,273
Acquisitions.................................          400                  --                   --
Reductions and write-offs....................       (3,818)             (2,578)              (7,662)
Sale of MCMS.................................           --                  --                 (458)
                                                   -------             -------              -------
Balance at end of year.......................      $ 6,178             $ 3,846              $ 3,709
                                                   =======             =======              =======
Included in:
  Continuing operations......................          305                  65                   --
                                                   =======             =======              =======
  Discontinued operations....................        5,873               3,781                3,709
                                                   =======             =======              =======
DEFERRED TAX ASSET VALUATION ALLOWANCE
Balance at beginning of year.................      $ 4,652             $ 4,139              $    --
Additions charged to expense.................           --                  --                4,139
Additions from acquisitions..................           --                 513                   --
                                                   -------             -------              -------
Balance at end of year.......................      $ 4,652             $ 4,652              $ 4,139
                                                   =======             =======              =======
Included in:
  Continuing operations......................        4,652               4,652                4,139
                                                   =======             =======              =======
  Discontinued operations....................           --                  --                   --
                                                   =======             =======              =======

                                       F-31

                    REPORT OF INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS

To Interland, Inc.:

     We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of INTERLAND,
INC. (a Georgia corporation) AND SUBSIDIARY as of December 31, 1999 and 2000 and
the related consolidated statements of operations, shareholders' equity, and
cash flows for the three years ended December 31, 2000. These financial
statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on
our audits.

     We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally
accepted in the United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform
the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis,
evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An
audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial
statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis
for our opinion.

     In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Interland,
Inc. and subsidiary as of December 31, 1999 and 2000 and the results of their
operations and their cash flows for the three years ended December 31, 2000 in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States.

ARTHUR ANDERSEN LLP

Atlanta, Georgia
February 9, 2001

                                       F-32

                                INTERLAND, INC.

                          CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

                                                                      DECEMBER 31,
                                                              ----------------------------
                                                                  1999            2000
                                                              ------------    ------------
                                                              (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE
                                                                  AND PER SHARE DATA)

ASSETS
Current Assets:
  Cash and cash equivalents.................................    $ 24,510        $ 56,314
  Restricted cash...........................................       1,007           3,488
  Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful
    accounts of $0 and $185 as of December 31, 1999 and
    2000, respectively......................................         655             991
  Prepaid commissions.......................................         825           1,475
  Notes receivable -- related parties.......................         481             532
  Other current assets......................................         730           4,061
                                                                --------        --------
    Total current assets....................................      28,208          66,861
                                                                --------        --------
Property and Equipment:
  Internet access and computer equipment....................       4,072          15,672
  Construction in progress..................................       2,499           4,492
  Other furniture and equipment.............................         660           6,644
  Office computer equipment.................................         445           2,165
  Purchased software........................................         451           7,830
  Leasehold improvements....................................         398           8,754
                                                                --------        --------
                                                                   8,525          45,557
  Less accumulated depreciation and amortization............        (982)         (7,178)
                                                                --------        --------
    Property and equipment, net.............................       7,543          38,379
                                                                --------        --------
Other Long-Term Assets:
  Intangible assets, net....................................          --             456
  Deposits and other long-term assets.......................         225           1,139
                                                                --------        --------
    Total other long-term assets............................         225           1,595
                                                                --------        --------
    Total assets............................................    $ 35,976        $106,835
                                                                ========        ========
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
Current Liabilities:
  Accounts payable..........................................    $  3,387        $ 11,724
  Accrued expenses..........................................       3,028           9,792
  Capital lease obligation..................................       1,185           6,557
  Current portion of unearned revenue.......................       7,042          12,952
                                                                --------        --------
    Total current liabilities...............................      14,642          41,025
Unearned revenue............................................       1,433           1,511
Capital lease obligation....................................       2,406           9,180
Commitments and Contingencies (Note 6)
Shareholders' Equity:
Preferred stock, no par value, 25,000,000 shares authorized:
  Series A, $2.02 stated value, 15,000,000 shares
    authorized; 12,392,258 and 0 shares issued and
    outstanding as of December 31, 1999 and 2000,
    respectively............................................      34,423              --
  Series B, 2,000,000 shares authorized, no shares issued
    and outstanding as of December 31, 1999 and 2000........          --              --
  Common stock, no par value; 200,000,000 shares authorized;
    23,590,390 and 47,323,585 shares issued and outstanding
    as of December 31, 1999 and 2000, respectively..........       3,252         145,931
  Warrants..................................................       2,144          18,280
  Deferred product development costs........................      (2,133)         (5,076)
  Deferred marketing costs..................................          --         (10,818)
  Deferred compensation.....................................        (954)         (7,005)
  Accumulated deficit.......................................     (19,237)        (86,193)
                                                                --------        --------
    Total shareholders' equity..............................      17,495          55,119
                                                                --------        --------
    Total liabilities and shareholders' equity..............    $ 35,976        $106,835
                                                                ========        ========

   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated balance
                                    sheets.
                                       F-33

                                INTERLAND, INC.

                     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

                                                                 YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                      -----------------------------------------------
                                                          1998             1999             2000
                                                      -------------    -------------    -------------
                                                      (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE AND PER SHARE DATA)

Revenues:
  Shared services hosting...........................   $     1,278      $     6,926      $    20,766
  Dedicated and managed services hosting............           109              893            8,588
  Application hosting...............................            --            1,064            2,077
  Professional services.............................            --              238            2,832
                                                       -----------      -----------      -----------
                                                             1,387            9,121           34,263
                                                       -----------      -----------      -----------
Operating expenses:
  Cost of revenues (including non-cash development
     and marketing expense of $0, $11 and $3,209 for
     the years ended December 31, 1998, 1999 and
     2000, respectively)............................         1,022            7,054           33,494
  Sales and marketing...............................         1,803            7,901           38,653
  General and administrative (including non-cash
     stock compensation expense of $0, $3,557, and
     $2,900 for the years ended December 31, 1998,
     1999 and 2000, respectively)...................           768            9,944           24,076
  Depreciation and amortization.....................           115              992            6,304
                                                       -----------      -----------      -----------
     Total operating expenses.......................         3,708           25,891          102,527
                                                       -----------      -----------      -----------
Operating loss......................................        (2,321)         (16,770)         (68,264)
Other income (expense):
  Interest income...................................             2              206            2,917
  Interest expense..................................           (20)            (220)          (1,609)
                                                       -----------      -----------      -----------
     Total other income (expense)...................           (18)             (14)           1,308
                                                       -----------      -----------      -----------
Net loss............................................        (2,339)         (16,784)         (66,956)
Preferred stock beneficial conversion and
  dividends.........................................            --           (9,559)          (5,996)
                                                       -----------      -----------      -----------
Net loss applicable to common shareholders..........   $    (2,339)     $   (26,343)     $   (72,952)
                                                       ===========      ===========      ===========
Basic and diluted net loss per common share.........   $     (0.13)     $     (1.23)     $     (2.14)
                                                       ===========      ===========      ===========
Shares used in computing net loss per share.........    18,316,449       21,461,161       34,125,579
                                                       ===========      ===========      ===========

 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated statements.

                                       F-34

                                INTERLAND, INC.

                CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
              FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1998, 1999 AND 2000

                                      PREFERRED    PREFERRED     COMMON      COMMON                DEFERRED     DEFERRED
                                        STOCK        STOCK       STOCK       STOCK                DEVELOPMENT   MARKETING
                                       SHARES       AMOUNT       SHARES      AMOUNT    WARRANTS      COSTS        COSTS
                                     -----------   ---------   ----------   --------   --------   -----------   ---------
                                                              (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE DATA)

Balance, January 1, 1998...........           --   $     --    17,631,167   $    139   $    --      $    --     $     --
  Issuance of common stock.........           --         --     1,811,984      1,376        --           --           --
  Net loss.........................           --         --            --         --        --           --           --
                                     -----------   --------    ----------   --------   -------      -------     --------
Balance, December 31, 1998.........           --         --    19,443,151      1,515        --           --           --
  Issuance of common stock.........           --         --     4,003,230      8,441        --           --           --
  Issuance of Series A preferred
    stock..........................   12,392,258     25,014            --     (1,657)       --           --           --
  Issuance of options and stock to
    consultants and bankers........           --         --       144,009      4,212        --           --           --
  Issuance of options to employee
    at below fair value............           --         --            --        300        --           --           --
  Issuance of warrants in
    connection with development
    agreement......................           --         --            --         --     2,144       (2,144)          --
  Dividends on preferred stock.....           --         --            --       (150)       --           --           --
  Beneficial conversion of
    preferred stock................           --      9,409            --     (9,409)       --           --           --
  Amortization of deferred
    development costs..............           --         --            --         --        --           11           --
  Amortization of deferred
    compensation...................           --         --            --         --        --           --           --
  Net loss.........................           --         --            --         --        --           --           --
                                     -----------   --------    ----------   --------   -------      -------     --------
Balance, December 31, 1999.........   12,392,258     34,423    23,590,390      3,252     2,144       (2,133)          --
  Issuance of Series A preferred
    stock..........................    1,944,824     14,000            --         --        --           --           --
  Issuance of common stock for
    intangible assets and legal
    fees...........................           --         --        49,154        389        --           --           --
  Issuance of common stock, net of
    offering expenses..............           --         --     7,375,000     82,687        --           --           --
  Beneficial conversion of
    preferred stock................           --      4,400            --     (4,400)       --           --           --
  Conversion of preferred stock to
    common stock...................  (14,337,082)   (55,030)   14,337,082     55,030        --           --           --
  Issuance of warrants in
    connection with leasing
    agreements.....................           --         --            --         --     1,373           --           --
  Amortization of deferred
    marketing, development costs
    and compensation...............           --         --            --         --        --          821        2,388
  Issuance of warrants in
    connection with development and
    reseller agreements............           --         --            --         --     4,418       (3,764)        (654)
  Issuance of options and
    restricted stock to employees
    at below fair value............           --         --       600,000      8,951        --           --           --
  Issuance of warrants and stock in
    connection with marketing
    agreement......................           --      2,207            --         --    10,345           --      (12,552)
  Exercise of common stock
    options........................           --         --     1,371,959      1,618        --           --           --
  Dividends on preferred stock.....           --         --            --     (1,596)       --           --           --
Net loss...........................           --         --            --         --        --           --           --
                                     -----------   --------    ----------   --------   -------      -------     --------
Balance, December 31, 2000.........           --   $     --    47,323,585   $145,931   $18,280      $(5,076)    $(10,818)
                                     ===========   ========    ==========   ========   =======      =======     ========

                                                                      TOTAL
                                                                  SHAREHOLDERS'
                                       DEFERRED     ACCUMULATED      EQUITY
                                     COMPENSATION     DEFICIT       (DEFICIT)
                                     ------------   -----------   -------------
                                         (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE DATA)

Balance, January 1, 1998...........    $    --       $   (114)      $     25
  Issuance of common stock.........         --             --          1,376
  Net loss.........................         --         (2,339)        (2,339)
                                       -------       --------       --------
Balance, December 31, 1998.........         --         (2,453)          (938)
  Issuance of common stock.........         --             --          8,441
  Issuance of Series A preferred
    stock..........................         --             --         23,357
  Issuance of options and stock to
    consultants and bankers........       (890)            --          3,322
  Issuance of options to employee
    at below fair value............       (300)            --             --
  Issuance of warrants in
    connection with development
    agreement......................         --             --             --
  Dividends on preferred stock.....         --             --           (150)
  Beneficial conversion of
    preferred stock................         --             --             --
  Amortization of deferred
    development costs..............         --             --             11
  Amortization of deferred
    compensation...................        236             --            236
  Net loss.........................         --        (16,784)       (16,784)
                                       -------       --------       --------
Balance, December 31, 1999.........       (954)       (19,237)        17,495
  Issuance of Series A preferred
    stock..........................         --             --         14,000
  Issuance of common stock for
    intangible assets and legal
    fees...........................         --             --            389
  Issuance of common stock, net of
    offering expenses..............         --             --         82,687
  Beneficial conversion of
    preferred stock................         --             --             --
  Conversion of preferred stock to
    common stock...................         --             --             --
  Issuance of warrants in
    connection with leasing
    agreements.....................         --             --          1,373
  Amortization of deferred
    marketing, development costs
    and compensation...............      2,900             --          6,109
  Issuance of warrants in
    connection with development and
    reseller agreements............         --             --             --
  Issuance of options and
    restricted stock to employees
    at below fair value............     (8,951)            --             --
  Issuance of warrants and stock in
    connection with marketing
    agreement......................         --             --             --
  Exercise of common stock
    options........................         --             --          1,618
  Dividends on preferred stock.....         --             --         (1,596)
Net loss...........................         --        (66,956)       (66,956)
                                       -------       --------       --------
Balance, December 31, 2000.........    $(7,005)      $(86,193)      $ 55,119
                                       =======       ========       ========

 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated statements.

                                       F-35

                                INTERLAND, INC.

                     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

                                                               FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                              ----------------------------------
                                                                1998        1999         2000
                                                              --------    ---------    ---------
                                                                        (IN THOUSANDS)

Cash flows from operating activities:
  Net loss..................................................  $(2,339)    $(16,784)    $(66,956)
  Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in
     operating activities:
  Depreciation and amortization.............................      115          992        6,304
  Amortization of non-cash stock compensation expense.......       --        3,557        2,900
  Loss on disposal of property and equipment................       --          198           --
  Amortization of deferred development and marketing
     costs..................................................       --           11        3,209
  Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
  Accounts receivable.......................................       --         (655)        (336)
  Prepaid commissions.......................................      (36)        (789)        (650)
  Other current assets......................................       --         (730)      (2,238)
  Note receivable -- related parties........................      (50)        (431)         (51)
  Other assets..............................................       --         (225)        (664)
  Accounts payable and accrued liabilities..................    1,347        5,067       15,101
  Unearned revenue..........................................      933        7,542        5,988
                                                              -------     --------     --------
  Total adjustments.........................................    2,309       14,537       29,563
                                                              -------     --------     --------
     Net cash used in operating activities..................      (30)      (2,247)     (37,393)
                                                              -------     --------     --------
Cash flows from investing activities:
  Purchases of property and equipment.......................   (1,102)      (7,745)     (37,032)
  Deposit of restricted cash................................       --       (1,007)      (2,481)
  Purchase of long-term investment..........................       --           --         (250)
  Purchase of intangible asset..............................       --           --         (176)
                                                              -------     --------     --------
     Net cash used in investing activities..................   (1,102)      (8,752)     (39,939)
                                                              -------     --------     --------
Cash flows from financing activities:
  Net proceeds from issuance of common stock................    1,376        8,441       84,305
  Net proceeds from issuance of preferred stock.............       --       23,357       14,000
  Payment of preferred dividend.............................       --         (150)      (1,596)
  Borrowings on capital lease obligations...................      491        3,628       16,702
  Payments on capital lease obligations.....................      (56)        (473)      (4,275)
                                                              -------     --------     --------
     Net cash provided by financing activities..............    1,811       34,803      109,136
                                                              -------     --------     --------
Net increase in cash and cash equivalents...................      679       23,804       31,804
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year................       27          706       24,510
                                                              -------     --------     --------
Cash and cash equivalents, end of year......................  $   706     $ 24,510     $ 56,314
                                                              =======     ========     ========
Supplemental cash flow disclosure:
  Cash paid for interest....................................  $    20     $    178     $  1,438
                                                              =======     ========     ========
Non cash disclosure:
  Issuance of stock and options for consultant and employee
     compensation...........................................  $    --     $  4,512     $  8,951
                                                              =======     ========     ========
  Issuance of warrants and stock in connection with
     strategic agreements and leases lines..................  $    --     $     --     $ 18,343
                                                              =======     ========     ========

          The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated
                                  statements.

                                       F-36

                                INTERLAND, INC.

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

1. ORGANIZATION AND NATURE OF BUSINESS

NATURE OF BUSINESS

     Interland, Inc. (the "Company") commenced operations on September 18, 1997.
The Company provides a broad range of Web site and application hosting and other
related Web based business solutions specifically to meet the needs of small to
medium-sized businesses. The Company focuses on delivering high-quality,
reliable, and flexible services that are backed by customer support 24 hours a
day, 7 days a week, and 365 days a year. The Company offers its solutions
directly and through third-party dealers that resell the Company's Web hosting
services.

HISTORY OF OPERATING LOSSES

     The Company has incurred net losses since it commenced operations. As of
December 31, 2000, the Company had an accumulated deficit of $86.2 million.
These losses have occurred because of the costs incurred by the Company to
develop its products, build a customer support infrastructure, and expand its
market share in an extremely competitive market. The Company's success depends
on its ability to achieve profitability and on its ability to raise funds as
needed. The Company plans to continue to increase its operating expenses in
order to fund higher levels of market share, increase its sales and marketing
efforts, broaden its customer support capabilities, and expand its
administrative resources in anticipation of future growth. To the extent that
increases in such expenses precede or are not offset by increased revenues, the
Company's business, results of operations, and financial condition would be
materially adversely affected.

     The Company must expand and adapt its network infrastructure to meet the
increasing number of users and their increased demand for services. This
expansion depends on financial, operational and management resources as well as
telecommunications capacity and pricing and third party suppliers. Any failure
of these could adversely affect our business.

     The Company is pursuing an internal growth strategy, and it is anticipated
that the Company may require additional funding before beginning to generate
positive cash flow. The Company believes that its current cash and cash
equivalent balances will be sufficient to fund execution of its current business
plan through 2001. However, the execution of the business plan may require
additional capital to fund operating losses, working capital needs, sales and
marketing expenses, lease payments and capital expenditures. In view of future
expansion plans, the Company will consider financing alternatives, which may
include the incurrence of debt, additional public or private equity offerings,
or an equity investment by a strategic partner. Actual capital requirements may
vary based upon the timing and success of the expansion of operations. Capital
requirements may also change based upon technological and competitive
developments. In addition, several factors may affect the Company's capital
requirements:

     - demand for services or anticipated cash flow from operations being less
       than expected;

     - development plans or projections proving to be inaccurate;

     - engaging in strategic relationships or acquisitions; and

     - acceleration of, or otherwise altering, the schedule of the expansion
       plan.

     There can be no assurance that additional financing, if required, will be
available on satisfactory terms, or at all. If the Company does not obtain
additional financing, it intends to reduce the level of spending on capital and
operating expenses in order to utilize existing cash balances to continue
expanding the operations on a reduced scale.

                                       F-37

                                INTERLAND, INC.

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Interland,
Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiary incorporated in The Netherlands. This
subsidiary was closed subsequent to year-end (see note 9). Significant
intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated.

2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

USE OF ESTIMATES

     The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of
the financial statements. Estimates also affect the reported amounts of revenues
and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those
estimates.

CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH

     The Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with an
original maturity of three months or less to be the equivalent of cash for the
purpose of balance sheet and statement of cash flows presentation. Cash
equivalents, which consist primarily of money market accounts, are carried at
cost, which approximates market value.

     At December 31, 1999 and 2000 the Company held several certificates of
deposits, which have maturities ranging from 6 to 12 months. These investments
are restricted to use by certain vendors for rent, credit card processing, lease
payments and other items. These deposits have been classified as restricted cash
in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.

PREPAID COMMISSIONS

     The Company typically pays commissions to its sales representatives within
four months after the sale is consummated; however, revenue for the service
provided is deferred and recognized ratably over the customer service period.
The Company defers commissions paid prior to the revenue being earned and
amortizes those commissions over the same period for which revenue is
recognized.

PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT

     Property and equipment is stated at cost. Depreciation is provided using
the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the various classes
of property, which is three years for all software, computer and Internet
equipment, including capital leases, and seven years for other furniture and
equipment. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the lesser of the useful
life of the asset or the term of the lease. Construction in progress represents
primarily computer equipment and leasehold improvements to expand the Company's
network and facilities that have not been placed in operation as of December 31,
2000. Total depreciation and amortization expense on property and equipment for
the years ended December 31, 1998, 1999 and 2000 was $115,000, $992,000, and
$6,196,000, respectively.

     Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as
incurred, and the costs of renewals and betterments are capitalized. Cost and
the related accumulated depreciation of assets sold or retired are removed from
the respective accounts. Any resulting gain or loss is reflected in the
statements of operations.

     The Company leases certain Internet access and computer equipment under
capital leases. Equipment recorded under capital leases is amortized using the
straight-line method over the lease term. See Note 6 for further discussion.

                                       F-38

                                INTERLAND, INC.

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

     The Company periodically reviews the cost basis of long-lived assets based
on the undiscounted future cash flow to be generated by those assets to
determine whether any permanent impairment exists. Management believes that the
long-lived assets in the accompanying balance sheets are appropriately valued.

ACCRUED LIABILITIES

     Accrued liabilities include the following (in thousands):

                                                               DECEMBER 31,
                                                             ----------------
                                                              1999      2000
                                                             ------    ------

Accrued compensation and employee benefits.................  $  886    $3,382
Accrued construction in progress...........................   1,297     2,223
Other accrued liabilities..................................     845     4,187
                                                             ------    ------
                                                             $3,028    $9,792
                                                             ======    ======

     During 1999 the Company recorded accrued severance of approximately
$330,000 related to the termination of an officer. Of the total accrual,
$165,000 is included in accrued expenses in the accompanying balance sheet as of
December 31, 2000, and is payable in November 2001.

FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

     The book values of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts
payable, and other financial instruments approximate their fair values,
principally because of the short-term maturities of these instruments.

INTANGIBLE ASSETS

     On May 15, 2000 the Company obtained the tradename and trademark
"Interland" in the Netherlands and the domain name "Interland.nl". In exchange,
the Company paid $150,000 and issued 32,400 shares of common stock with a value
of $388,800. On August 18, 2000 the Company purchased the domain name
"Interland.com.mx" for $25,000. Both of these intangible assets were recorded at
cost and are being amortized on a straight-line method over a three-year period.
Total amortization expense for the year ended December 31, 2000 was $108,000.

IMPAIRMENT OF LONG-LIVED ASSETS

     In accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards ("SFAS") No.
131, "Accounting for the Impairment of Long-Lived Assets and for Long-Lived
Assets to be Disposed Of," the Company reviews its long-lived assets for
impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value
of such assets may not be recoverable. This review consists of a comparison of
the carrying value of the asset with the asset's expected future undiscounted
cash flows without interest costs. In estimating the expected future cash flows,
assets are grouped at the lowest level for which there is identifiable cash
flows that are largely independent of the cash flows of other groups of assets.
Estimates of expected future cash flows represent management's best estimate
based on reasonable and supportable assumptions and projections. If the expected
future cash flow exceeds the carrying value of the asset, no impairment
indicator is considered present. If the carrying value exceeds the future cash
flow, an impairment indicator is considered present. Such impairment would be
measured and recognized using a discounted cash flow method.

                                       F-39

                                INTERLAND, INC.

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT

     The Company adopted the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants
Statement of Position No. 98-1, "Accounting for the Costs of Computer Software
Developed or Obtained for Internal Use," effective January 1, 1998. The Company
capitalizes certain external costs related to software and implementation
services in connection with its internal-use software systems.

     In 2000, the Company had several software development projects and
capitalized approximately $633,000 in consulting fees related to a data center
back-up system, other data center management tools, and a new general ledger
system. In 1999 the Company did not have any significant software development
projects but did capitalize approximately $400,000 related to finance and
accounting software and call center software to be used internally. These costs
primarily related to external direct costs of materials and services used in
obtaining the internal-use software. The Company did not incur significant
payroll and payroll-related costs for employees. Internal training costs and
maintenance costs are expensed as incurred.

     The Emerging Issues Task Force ("EITF") has issued Issue No. 00-02
regarding Web site development costs. The Company has not incurred significant
Web site development costs to date.

REVENUE RECOGNITION

     The Company realizes revenue from providing shared, dedicated and managed
services hosting, application hosting and professional services. The Company's
hosting contracts typically require up-front payment for service periods ranging
from 1 to 24 months. The Company follows the guidance in Staff Accounting
Bulletin ("SAB") No. 101 regarding revenue recognition. Therefore, fees received
from the customer, including set-up fees for hosting services, are deferred and
recognized ratably over the contract period. Substantially all of the shared
hosting end-user subscribers pay for services with major credit cards for which
the Company receives remittances from the credit card carriers. Dedicated and
managed services subscribers enter into 12 or 24 month non-cancelable contracts
that are paid on a month-to-month basis, one month in advance. Deferred revenues
represent the liability for advance billing to customers for services not yet
provided.

     Professional services revenue is recognized as the services are performed,
provided that no significant obligations remain. The Company generally receives
all payments for consulting services prior to the services being performed;
therefore, collection is considered probable.

     The Company provides a 30-day money back guarantee to its customers and
offers its customers a 99.9% service level warranty. The Company records an
allowance for returns and an accrual for warranty claims on a monthly basis
based on historical experiences. The Company has not experienced significant
returns or warranty claims to date and does not have a significant returns or
warranty claims reserve as of December 31, 1999 or 2000.

ADVERTISING COSTS

     The Company expenses the costs of advertising as incurred. Advertising
expenses included in sales and marketing expense is $1,438,000, $5,473,000, and
$29,874,000 for 1998, 1999 and 2000, respectively.

INCOME TAXES

     The Company uses the liability method of accounting for income taxes, as
set forth in SFAS No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes." Under the liability
method, deferred tax assets or liabilities are determined based on the
differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and
liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect in the years in which the
differences are expected to be settled or realized.

                                       F-40

                                INTERLAND, INC.

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

BASIC AND DILUTED NET LOSS PER SHARE

     The Company follows SFAS No. 128, "Earnings Per Share." That statement
requires the disclosure of basic net income (loss) per share and diluted net
income (loss) per share. Basic net income (loss) per share is computed by
dividing net income (loss) available to common shareholders by the weighted-
average number of common shares outstanding during the period and does not
include any other potentially dilutive securities. Diluted net income (loss) per
share gives effect to all potentially dilutive securities. The Company's
convertible preferred stock, restricted stock, stock options and stock warrants
are potentially dilutive securities and are not included in historical diluted
net loss per share in any periods presented as they would reduce the loss per
share.

     Pursuant to Securities and Exchange Commission SAB No. 98, for periods
prior to the Company's anticipated initial public offering, basic net loss per
share is computed by using the weighted average number of shares of common stock
outstanding during the period. Diluted net loss per share is computed using the
weighted average number of common stock outstanding during the period and
nominal issuances of common stock and common stock equivalents, regardless of
whether they are anti dilutive, as well as the potential dilution of common
stock equivalents, if dilutive. The Company has not issued common stock or
common stock equivalents for considerations that management considers nominal.

STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION PLAN

     The Company accounts for its stock option plan under Accounting Principles
Board Opinion No. 25, "Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees." The Company
adopted the disclosure option of SFAS No. 123, "Accounting for Stock-Based
Compensation." SFAS No. 123 requires that companies, which do not choose to
account for stock-based compensation, as prescribed by the statement shall
disclose the pro forma effects on earnings and earnings per share as if SFAS No.
123 had been adopted.

OPTIONS AND STOCK ISSUED TO NON-EMPLOYEES

     Transactions for goods or services in which consideration provided by the
Company is in the form of stock options or stock are treated in accordance with
SFAS No. 123. SFAS No. 123 requires the Company to record the fair value of the
equity instrument issued or the fair value of the services received, whichever
is readily measurable. When the fair value of the goods or services received
cannot be reliably measured, the fair value of the equity instrument issued is
calculated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model.

     During 2000, the Company issued 16,754 shares of common stock for legal
services rendered in connection with the issuance of common stock. These shares
were recorded at the fair value of the services received, which approximated the
fair value of the common stock, and is reflected as a reduction of the proceeds
from the issuance of common stock in the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets.

COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)

     Comprehensive income (loss) equals net loss for the periods presented.

RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS

     In June 1998 the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued SFAS 133,
"Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities." SFAS 133
established accounting and reporting standards for derivative instruments and
for hedging activities. SFAS is effective for fiscal years beginning after June
15, 2000. The Company does not believe the adoption of SFAS 133 (as amended by
SFAS 138) will have a material effect on its results of operations or financial
condition.

                                       F-41

                                INTERLAND, INC.

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

3. RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS

     During December 1998 and May 1999 the Company loaned two shareholder
officers a total of $50,000 and $400,000, respectively. The notes are full
recourse and are also secured by the common stock of the Company owned by the
officers and bear interest at 10% per annum. Of the aggregate principal of
$450,000, $250,000 is due on demand and $200,000 is due on January 25, 2001. The
notes and accrued interest are reflected as notes receivable -- related parties
in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.

4. INCOME TAXES

     Deferred tax assets and liabilities as of December 31, 1999 and 2000 are
determined based on the difference between the financial accounting and tax
bases of assets and liabilities. Deferred tax assets and liabilities at the end
of the year are determined using the enacted statutory tax rates expected to
apply to taxable income in the years in which the deferred tax assets or
liabilities are expected to be realized or settled.

     The Company has incurred net operating losses ("NOL") since commencing
operations. As of December 31, 2000, the Company has total NOLs of approximately
$77,000,000 available to offset its future income tax liability. The NOL carry
forward begins expiring in 2012. A valuation allowance is provided when it is
determined that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets may not be
realized. Accordingly, since it currently is more likely than not that the net
deferred tax assets resulting from the remaining NOLs and other deferred tax
items will not be realized, a valuation allowance has been provided in the
accompanying financial statements as of December 31, 1999 and 2000. The Company
established the valuation allowance for the entire amount of the deferred tax
assets attributable to the NOL carry forwards as well as for the net deferred
tax assets created as a result of temporary differences between book and tax.

     If there is a change in ownership of greater than 50% of the outstanding
shares of the Company's capital stock, the Company's ability to utilize its NOLs
will be subject to limitations imposed by Internal Revenue Code Section 382.
These limitations could significantly affect the Company's utilization of those
NOLs. As of December 31, 2000, the Company had experienced no such change.
Significant components of the Company's deferred tax assets and liabilities as
of December 31, 1999 and 2000 are as follows (in thousands):

                                                           1999        2000
                                                          -------    --------

Deferred tax assets:
  Net operating loss carry forwards.....................  $ 7,537    $ 29,393
  Deferred revenue......................................      283       2,222
  Other.................................................       75         145
                                                          -------    --------
                                                            7,895      31,760
                                                          -------    --------
Deferred tax liabilities:
  Depreciation..........................................       --        (776)
  Prepaid commissions...................................       --        (247)
                                                          -------    --------
                                                               --      (1,023)
                                                          -------    --------
Net deferred tax assets before valuation allowance......    7,895      30,737
Valuation allowance.....................................   (7,895)    (30,737)
                                                          -------    --------
Net deferred tax assets.................................  $    --    $     --
                                                          =======    ========

                                       F-42

                                INTERLAND, INC.

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

5. SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY

PREFERRED STOCK AND WARRANTS

     The Company is authorized to issue 25,000,000 shares of preferred stock,
including 15,000,000 shares which are designated as Series A preferred stock,
2,100,000 shares which are designated as Series A-1 preferred stock and
2,000,000 shares which are designated as Series B preferred stock. The remaining
preferred stock has not been designated by the Company.

     The Series A and Series A-1 preferred stock are convertible and rank junior
to any other preferred stock that may be issued by the Company, but rank senior
to common shareholders upon liquidation. The Series A preferred shareholders
have the right to receive dividends equal to 9% of the stated value of the
preferred stock. The dividends accrue on a semi-annual basis with the dividend
period ending on the last day of May and November. Dividends are cumulative from
the date the Series A preferred stock is issued and accrue whether or not
declared by the Company. Dividends can be paid in cash, or in the form of Series
B preferred stock or a combination of both at the option of the Company. The
preferred stock is convertible at the then current conversion price, which is
equal to the stated value on the date of issuance adjusted from time to time as
a result of stock splits, recapitalizations or if the Company issues stock at
prices below the stated value of the preferred stock.

     On December 2, 1999 and December 24, 1999 the Company issued 9,908,258 and
2,484,000 shares, respectively, of Series A convertible preferred stock for
$2.02 per share for proceeds of $25,014,000. The convertible preferred stock was
issued to third party investors. The conversion price of the outstanding shares
as of December 31, 1999 was $2.02 per share. Prior to these transactions, the
Company sold common stock at $2.78 per share to third party investors. As a
result of the sale of the convertible preferred stock at conversion prices below
the prices sold to common shareholders, the Company recorded a preferred stock
dividend of $9,409,000 related to this beneficial conversion feature in
accordance with EITF Issue 98-5 "Accounting for Convertible Securities with
Beneficial Conversion Features or Contingently Adjustable Conversion Ratios."
This dividend is reflected as an adjustment to arrive at net loss applicable to
common shareholders in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations.

     On December 24, 1999 the Company issued warrants to purchase 546,480 shares
of common stock at an exercise price of $5.37 per share to Microsoft Corporation
("Microsoft"). This warrant was issued in connection with entering into a five
year Development, License, and Co-marketing Agreement (the "Agreement") with
Microsoft that expires December 23, 2004. The warrant can be exercised by paying
the cash exercise price or by surrendering common shares owned by Microsoft
equal to the exercise price. The Agreement grants to Microsoft a non-exclusive
perpetual license to proprietary installation tools for third-party hosted
applications on Windows NT or Windows 2000. Microsoft has the sole right to
terminate the Agreement if the Company fails to deliver the tools on a timely
basis or if the Company fails to correct any errors in the tools on a timely
basis, and Microsoft will provide technical consulting and writing services
during the development of the tools. Additionally, in consideration of the
obligations of Microsoft, the Company agreed to pay Microsoft 5% of the total
gross revenues that the Company receives from third parties in consideration of
its licensing and other exploitation of the tools for the five years following
acceptance of the tools by Microsoft. During 2000, the Company made no payments
to Microsoft under this arrangement. The Company recorded the value of the
warrants, calculated using the Black-Scholes pricing model, of approximately
$2,144,000 as deferred development costs and will amortize this amount to the
cost of revenues over the five-year term of the Agreement. The Company
recognized non-cash stock compensation expense related to these warrants of
$11,000 and $428,800 for the years ended December 31, 1999 and 2000,
respectively.

     In connection with a stock purchase agreement, on July 26, 2000, Microsoft
invested an additional $7,500,000 in the Company in exchange for 625,000 shares
of common stock. Microsoft also received an

                                       F-43

                                INTERLAND, INC.

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

additional warrant to purchase 468,750 shares of common stock at an exercise
price of $12.00 per share. The value of the warrants of approximately $3,764,000
was recorded as additional deferred development costs and will be amortized over
the remaining term of the five-year Agreement. The Company recognized non-cash
stock compensation expense related to these warrants of $392,000 for the year
ended December 31, 2000.

     On January 28, 2000 the Company issued warrants to purchase up to 376,920
shares of common stock to Road Runner at an exercise price of $8.33 per share.
These warrants were issued in connection with the entering into a Web hosting
reseller agreement. This agreement requires the Company to provide hosting
services at wholesale prices, to provide customers and technical support and to
provide other services. Upon signing the Web hosting agreement, 108,000 of the
warrants vested immediately. The remaining 268,920 vest based on the number of
new customers provided through the Web hosting agreement; therefore, the total
remaining warrants may never vest if the new customer targets are not met. In
January 2000 the Company recorded expense of $654,000 related to the 108,000
warrants that vested upon the signing of the agreement. The Company will record
additional expense in the future based on the number of warrants that vest based
on performance targets as valued using the Black-Scholes pricing model at the
time of vesting. As of December 31, 2000, no additional warrants have vested.

     On March 15, 2000 the Company entered into a stock purchase agreement with
VeriSign. In connection with this financing transaction, the Company issued
744,825 shares of Series A preferred stock to VeriSign, at a purchase price of
$5.37 per share for total proceeds of $4.0 million. The Company also issued a
warrant to VeriSign to purchase 372,413 shares of common stock at an exercise
price of $5.37 per share. The number of shares subject to the warrant may be
adjusted to prevent dilution and each warrant will expire five years after its
issuance. In addition, under the stock purchase agreement, on July 26, 2000, the
Company issued 500,000 shares of common stock to VeriSign in exchange for an
additional $6,000,000 in cash. In connection with the additional investment, the
Company issued an additional warrant to purchase 375,000 shares of common stock
at an exercise price of $12.00 per share. In conjunction with the initial
investment, the Company entered into a 4-year premier program agreement with
VeriSign. The Company recorded deferred expense of $2,444,000 for the value of
the warrant issued on March 15, 2000, deferred expense of $2,207,000 for the
difference between the purchase price of $5.37 per share and the fair value of
the Company's common stock on that date of $8.33 per share and deferred expense
of $3,011,000 for the values of the warrants issued on July 26, 2000. This
deferred expense will be amortized over the remaining 4 year term of the premier
program agreement entered into with VeriSign and the Company recognized non-cash
cost of revenue of $1,233,000 for the year ended December 31, 2000.

     On May 8, 2000 the Company entered into a stock purchase agreement with
Verizon Communications. In connection with this financing transaction, the
Company issued 1,199,999 shares of Series A preferred stock to Verizon
Communications at a purchase price of $8.33 per share. As a result of the sale
of the convertible preferred stock at conversion prices below the fair market
value of $12.00 for the common stock on the date of the issuance of the
preferred stock, the Company recorded a preferred stock dividend of
approximately $4,400,000 related to this beneficial conversion feature in
accordance with EITF Issue 98-5 "Accounting for Convertible Securities with
Beneficial Conversion Features or Contingently Adjustable Conversion Ratios."
This dividend is reflected as an adjustment to arrive at net income applicable
to common shareholders in the statement of operations for the year ended
December 31, 2000. In addition, under the stock purchase agreement on July 28,
2000, the Company issued 1,250,000 shares of common stock to Verizon
Communications ("Verizon") in exchange for an additional $15,000,000 in cash.

     Additionally, on May 8, 2000, the Company entered into a non-binding letter
of intent with Verizon to enter into a business relationship. The non-binding
letter of intent indicated that the parties would work to complete final
versions of a marketing channel relationship agreement and a service provider
agreement.

                                       F-44

                                INTERLAND, INC.

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

On October 11, 2000 the parties executed final versions of these agreements.
These agreements provide for Verizon to promote and co-brand the Company's
products and services. The term of the agreements is three years and the Company
will pay to Verizon 12.5% of any revenue received from customers with whom
Verizon originates contact. The Company will record this amount as an offset to
revenue in the statement of operations. In return for access to Verizon's
customer base and for other consideration, on October 11, 2000 the Company
issued to Verizon a warrant to purchase 3,132,000 shares of common stock at an
exercise price of $18 per share. The warrant is exercisable for three years. The
Company has measured the fair value of warrants issued to Verizon using the
Black-Scholes pricing model as $4,885,000 and recorded this value of the
warrants as deferred expense to be amortized over the 3 year term of the
agreements starting in the fourth quarter of 2000. The Company recognized
non-cash cost of revenue of $501,000 for the year ended December 31, 2000.

     The Company paid preferred stock dividends of $150,000 and $1,596,000 for
the years ended December 31, 1999 and 2000, respectively.

     Simultaneous with the Company's initial public offering and pursuant to the
contractual agreements with the preferred shareholders, all 14,337,082 shares of
the Company's Series A preferred stock were converted into shares of common
stock.

COMMON STOCK

     During 1999 the Company sold 4,003,230 shares of common stock for net
proceeds of $8,441,000. The common stock was sold to third-party investors and
consultants at prices ranging from $0.46 to $2.78 per share. Of the total shares
sold, 453,600 shares were sold to consultants at prices less than fair market
value. The Company recognized non-cash compensation expense of $516,000 for the
year ended December 31, 1999, related to these sales of common stock. The
compensation expense is included in general and administrative expense in the
accompanying statements of operations. During the third quarter of 1999 the
Company issued 144,009 shares of common stock valued at $400,000 for costs
related to sale of the above mentioned common stock and paid cash expenses of
$256,000. The payment for stock issuance costs is reflected as a reduction of
the proceeds from the issuance of common stock in the accompanying balance
sheets.

     The Company completed its initial public offering on July 25, 2000. The
Company sold 5,000,000 shares of common stock to the public and received net
proceeds of approximately $53.0 million. On June 14, 2000, the Company's board
of directors approved a 1.08 for one stock split on the Company's common stock,
which was affected, in the form of a stock dividend on July 24, 2000. All share
and per share data in the accompanying consolidated financial statements have
been adjusted to reflect the split.

STOCK OPTIONS

     During July 1999 the board of directors approved the Stock Incentive Plan
(the "Plan"). As of December 31, 2000, 7,560,000 shares of common stock are
reserved for the grant of qualified and nonqualified stock options and other
incentive awards to employees of the Company. As of December 31, 2000, the
Company has 933,090 options available for issuance under the Plan. The Plan
provides for the grant of options to eligible employees and the board of
directors determines the specific terms of each option grant, including vesting
period and exercise price. The options generally vest over a three-year period,
and 2,769,400 of the outstanding options and restricted stock grants fully vest
upon a change of control, while the balance vest upon a change of control and
loss of employment within six months of a change of control.

     On July 1, 1999 the Company issued options to purchase 108,000 shares of
common stock to an employee at an exercise price of $0.01 per share. The fair
market value on the date of grant was estimated

                                       F-45

                                INTERLAND, INC.

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

to be $2.78 per share. The Company recorded deferred compensation of $300,000
related to this grant. The deferred compensation will be amortized over the
vesting period of the options, which is three years from July 1, 1999. The
Company amortized $51,000 and $100,000 for the years ended December 31, 1999 and
2000, respectively. The compensation expense is included in non-cash general and
administrative compensation expense in the accompanying consolidated statements
of operations.

     During 1999 the Company granted options to purchase 1,728,000 shares of
common stock to consultants at exercise prices ranging from $0.01 to $2.78 per
share. The Company recognized non-cash compensation expense of $3,695,000
related to the issuance to these options. The options were valued using the
Black Scholes pricing model. The Company amortized $2,970,000 and $705,000 for
the years ended December 31, 1999 and 2000, respectively in non-cash general and
administrative compensation expense in the accompanying consolidated statements
of operations.

     In 2000, the Company granted options under the Plan to purchase 3,505,796
shares of common stock to employees at exercise prices ranging from $2.56 to
$8.88 per share, of which 2,486,996 vest ratably over a three-year period. Of
the remaining balance, 793,800 options vest over a three-year period beginning
July 25, 2000 and 225,000 vests monthly over a 2-year period. In addition, on
December 22, 2000, the Company granted 600,000 restricted shares under the Plan.
These shares vest 50% at 12 months and 50% at eighteen months from the grant
date, and accelerate upon change of control. The Company recorded deferred
compensation of $8,951,000 related to the grant of stock options and restricted
stock at less than fair market value. The Company amortized $2,095,000 for the
year ended December 31, 2000 in non-cash general and administrative compensation
expense in the accompanying statements of operations.

     The following table summarizes the issuance of options (excluding 600,000
shares of restricted stock issued under the Plan):

                                                                                        WEIGHTED
                                                          NUMBER         RANGE OF        AVERAGE
                                                            OF           EXERCISE       PRICE PER
                                                          OPTIONS         PRICES          SHARE
                                                        -----------    -------------    ---------

Outstanding at December 31, 1998......................            0                       $0.00
  Granted.............................................    4,765,500    $0.01 - $5.37      $2.53
  Forfeited...........................................      (42,660)   $2.78 - $5.37      $3.18
                                                        -----------
Outstanding at December 31, 1999......................    4,722,840    $0.01 - $2.78      $2.50
                                                        ===========
Vested Options exercisable at December 31, 1999.......    1,728,000    $0.01 - $2.78      $1.56
                                                        ===========
Options Granted in 2000:
     Option Price equals Fair Market Value............      969,880    $2.56 - $8.88      $5.70
     Option Price less than Fair Market Value.........    2,535,916    $2.78 - $8.88      $6.65
  Options Exercised...................................   (1,371,959)   $0.01 - $2.78      $1.18
  Options Forfeited...................................     (905,726)   $2.78 - $8.88      $4.04
                                                        -----------
Options Outstanding as of December 31, 2000...........    5,950,951    $0.01 - $8.88      $4.86
                                                        ===========
Options Exercisable as of December 31, 2000...........    1,465,257    $2.78 - $8.33      $3.83
                                                        ===========
Weighted Average Fair Value...........................  $    6.0874
                                                        ===========
     Option Price equals Fair Market Value............  $    5.3369
                                                        ===========
     Option Price less than Fair Market Value.........  $    6.3393
                                                        ===========

                                       F-46

                                INTERLAND, INC.

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL ACCOUNTING STANDARDS NO. 123

     In accordance with SFAS No. 123 the Company has computed, for pro forma
disclosure purposes, the estimated fair value of all options for shares of the
Company's common stock granted to employees during the years ended December 31,
1999 and 2000 using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model and based on the
following assumptions:

                                                                   1999       2000
                                                                -----------   ----

Risk-free interest rate.....................................    5.8% - 6.6%   6.2%
Expected dividend yield.....................................             0%     0%
Expected forfeiture rate....................................           5.0%   6.8%
Expected volatility.........................................            88%   116%

     No options were granted for the year ended December 31, 1998. The total
fair value of the options granted to employees during the year ended December
31, 1999 and 2000 was computed as $5,660,131 and $18,750,626, which would be
amortized over the vesting period of the options. If the Company had accounted
for these options in accordance with SFAS No. 123, the Company's reported pro
forma net loss attributable to common shareholders and net income (loss) per
share attributable to common shareholders for the years ended December 31, 1999
and 2000 would have been as follows (in thousands, except per share data):

                                                                1999        2000
                                                              --------    --------

Net loss:
  As reported...............................................  $(16,784)   $(66,956)
  Loss applicable to common shareholders....................   (26,343)    (72,952)
  Loss applicable to common shareholders pro forma for
     SFAS No. 123...........................................   (26,829)    (82,654)
Net loss per share:
  Loss applicable to common shareholders as reported........     (1.23)      (2.14)
  Loss applicable to common shareholders pro forma for
     SFAS No. 123...........................................     (1.25)      (2.42)

     The following table summarizes the exercise price range, weighted average
exercise price, and remaining contractual lives by year of grant for the number
of options outstanding and exercisable as of December 31, 2000:

                          OPTIONS OUTSTANDING                                       OPTIONS EXERCISABLE
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------   -------------------------------------
  RANGE OF     OUTSTANDING AS OF    WEIGHTED-AVERAGE       WEIGHTED-       EXERCISABLE AS OF
 EXERCISABLE      DECEMBER 31,         REMAINING            AVERAGE           DECEMBER 31,      WEIGHTED-AVERAGE
   PRICES             2000          CONTRACTUAL LIFE   EXERCISABLE PRICE          2000           EXERCISE PRICE
 -----------   ------------------   ----------------   -----------------   ------------------   ----------------

$0.00 - $1.00         72,000              9.8                $0.01                     0             $0.00
$1.01 - $2.78      2,296,611              7.0                $2.78               978,671             $2.78
$2.79 - $5.37      2,123,780              9.0                $5.07               390,154             $5.36
$5.38 - $8.88      1,458,560              8.9                $8.08                96,432             $8.33
                   ---------              ---                -----             ---------             -----
                   5,950,951              8.4                $4.86             1,465,257             $3.83
                   =========                                                   =========

                                       F-47

                                INTERLAND, INC.

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

6. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

LEASE OBLIGATIONS

     The Company leases certain buildings and equipment under capital and
operating leases expiring at various dates through 2009. Some of the leases
contain bargain purchase options. The following details operating and capital
lease obligations as of December 31, 2000 (in thousands):

                                                                         OPERATING LEASES
                                                                         AND OTHER FUTURE
                                                       CAPITAL LEASES   MINIMUM COMMITMENTS
                                                       --------------   -------------------

2001.................................................     $ 8,276             $13,990
2002.................................................       7,471              12,512
2003.................................................       2,095              10,617
2004.................................................          57               5,608
2005 and thereafter..................................          --              32,558
                                                          -------             -------
          Total......................................     $17,899             $75,285
                                                          =======             =======

     The total amount of assets under capital lease as of December 31, 1999 and
2000 was $4,119,000 and $20,606,000, respectively, and the total obligation
related to those capital leases was $3,591,000 and $15,737,000, respectively.
Operating rent expense was $115,000, $820,000, and $6,144,000 for the years
ended December 31, 1998, 1999 and 2000, respectively.

EQUIPMENT COMMITMENTS

     As of December 31, 2000, the Company had commitments of approximately
$2,300,000 in capital expenditures outstanding for expanded network and
facilities. The expansion of the Company's network and facilities began in 1999
and will be completed during 2001. The assets were classified as construction in
progress as of December 31, 1999 and 2000.

     On May 15, 2000, the Company executed a loan agreement in the amount of
$3,000,000 to finance a portion of these capital expenditures. On October 3,
2000, this agreement was increased to $6,000,000. The loan is secured by the
related assets, bears interest at 16.1% per year and has a three-year term.

     On June 30, 2000, the Company executed an amendment to a master lease and
financing agreement with Compaq Financial Services Corporation, which provides a
line of credit for the purchase and lease of equipment in the amount of
$29,500,000. Additionally, on June 30, 2000 the Company executed a supplemental
master lease and financing agreement with Hewlett-Packard Corporation, which
increased the equipment financing line of credit by $12,000,000 to $20,000,000.

     In connection with these agreements, the Company issued warrants to
purchase 190,653 shares of common stock at exercise prices ranging from $8.33 to
$12.00 per share. The Company recorded prepaid interest of $1,373,000 related to
the issuance of these options using the Black Scholes pricing model. Interest
expense is incurred ratably over the life of the financing arrangements. The
Company amortized $178,000 for the year ended December 31, 2000 in interest
expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations.

     On December 14, 2000 the Company executed a master lease agreement with a
diversified financial services company for up to $12,000,000 to finance
expansion of the data center.

ADVERTISING COMMITMENTS

     In July 2000, the Company entered into an agreement with a strategic
partner, which required both parties to spend $6.0 million in joint marketing
over a three-year period ending November 2003. For the

                                       F-48

                                INTERLAND, INC.

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

year ended December 31, 2000, the Company incurred $887,000 of marketing
expenses under this agreement, which is reflected in sales and marketing
expenses in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations.

7. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS

     On January 1, 2000 the Company adopted a 401(k) Plan, a defined
contribution plan covering substantially all employees of the Company. Under the
plan's deferred compensation arrangement, eligible employees who elect to
participate in the plan may contribute between 1% and 15% of eligible
compensation, as defined, to the plan. The Company, at its discretion, may elect
to provide for either a matching contribution or a discretionary profit-sharing
contribution or both. The Company did not elect to provide a discretionary match
in 2000.

     In July 2000 the Company adopted an Employee Stock Purchase Plan under
which qualified employees have the right to purchase common stock on a
semi-annual basis through payroll deductions. The price to be paid for each
share of common stock under the plan is 85% of the fair market value at the
beginning or the end of each six-month period, whichever is lower. Total payroll
deductions may not exceed 10% of the employee's annual compensation and may not
exceed $25,000 per year. Under the plan, 540,000 shares of common stock have
been reserved, and no shares were issued in 2000.

8. GEOGRAPHIC AREA INFORMATION

     The Company's business activities are represented by a single industry
segment, web site and application hosting. For management purposes, the Company
is segmented into two geographic areas: North America and Europe. The Company's
net sales by geographic area are as follows:

                                                       UNITED STATES    EUROPE     TOTAL
                                                       -------------    ------    -------

1998.................................................     $ 1,387        $  0     $ 1,387
1999.................................................       9,121           0       9,121
2000.................................................      33,728         535      34,263

     At December 31, 2000 the Company's assets outside of the United States,
consisting principally of cash, accounts receivable and office equipment, are
approximately $2,728,000.

9. SUBSEQUENT EVENT

     On January 2, 2001 the Company decided to shut down its office in
Amsterdam, The Netherlands. A Plan was put into place during January and a
reserve for $2,300,000 was booked in January to cover the costs associated with
the closure of the office. The Company has transferred all European customers to
its U.S. facility and will service and support them from the U. S.

10. QUARTERLY INFORMATION (UNAUDITED)

                                             Q1        Q2        Q3         Q4         Q1         Q2         Q3         Q4
                                            1999      1999      1999       1999       2000       2000       2000       2000
                                           -------   -------   -------   --------   --------   --------   --------   --------

Revenues.................................  $ 1,009   $ 1,688   $ 2,582   $  3,842   $  6,268   $  8,157   $  9,430   $ 10,408
Cost of revenues.........................      766     1,317     1,953      3,018      6,289      7,942      8,159     11,104
                                           -------   -------   -------   --------   --------   --------   --------   --------
Gross margin.............................      243       371       629        824        (21)       215      1,271       (696)
                                           -------   -------   -------   --------   --------   --------   --------   --------
Net Loss.................................   (1,436)   (3,610)   (4,887)    (6,851)   (10,784)   (17,968)   (18,124)   (20,080)
                                           =======   =======   =======   ========   ========   ========   ========   ========
Net loss applicable to common
  shareholders...........................   (1,436)   (3,610)   (4,887)   (16,410)   (11,335)   (23,168)   (18,369)   (20,080)
                                           =======   =======   =======   ========   ========   ========   ========   ========
Basic and diluted net loss per common
  shareholders...........................  $ (0.07)  $ (0.17)  $ (0.23)  $  (0.70)  $  (0.48)  $  (0.93)  $  (0.45)  $  (0.43)
                                           =======   =======   =======   ========   ========   ========   ========   ========

                                       F-49

                  REPORT OF INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS ON
                          FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE

     We have audited in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in
the United States, the financial statements of Interland, Inc. and subsidiary
included in this joint proxy statement/prospectus, and have issued our report
thereon dated February 9, 2001. Our audit was made for the purpose of forming an
opinion on those statements taken as a whole. The schedule on the following page
is the responsibility of the Company's management and is presented for purposes
of complying with the Securities and Exchange Commission's rules and is not part
of the basic financial statements. This schedule has been subjected to the
auditing procedures applied in the audit of the basic financial statements and,
in our opinion, fairly states in all material respects the financial data
required to be set forth therein in relation to the basic financial statements
taken as a whole.

ARTHUR ANDERSEN LLP

Atlanta, Georgia
February 9, 2001

                                       F-50

                                    SCHEDULE

                                INTERLAND, INC.
                       VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS
                 YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1998, 1999, AND 2000

                                            BALANCE    CHARGED
                                              AT       TO COSTS   CHARGED TO                 BALANCE
                                           BEGINNING     AND        OTHER                     AT END
             CLASSIFICATION                 OF YEAR    EXPENSES    ACCOUNTS    DEDUCTIONS    OF YEAR
             --------------                ---------   --------   ----------   -----------   --------

  Allowance for doubtful accounts........   $    --    $     --   $       --   $        --   $     --
  Allowance for customer returns.........        --          --           --            --         --

  Allowance for doubtful accounts........        --          --           --            --         --
  Allowance for customer returns.........        --          --       29,000            --     29,000

  Allowance for doubtful accounts........        --     185,000           --            --    185,000
  Allowance for customer returns.........    29,000          --    1,302,000    (1,204,000)   127,000

                                       F-51

                                                                         ANNEX A

                          AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

     This AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER (this "AGREEMENT") is made and entered
into as of March 22, 2001, among Micron Electronics, Inc., a Minnesota
corporation ("PARENT"), Imagine Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware corporation
and a wholly owned first-tier subsidiary of Parent ("MERGER SUB"), and
Interland, Inc., a Georgia corporation ("COMPANY").

                                    RECITALS

     A. The respective Boards of Directors of Parent, Merger Sub and Company
have approved this Agreement, and declared advisable the merger of Merger Sub
with and into Company (the "MERGER") upon the terms and subject to the
conditions of this Agreement and in accordance with the General Corporation Law
of the State of Delaware ("DELAWARE LAW") and the applicable provisions of the
Georgia Business Corporation Code ("GEORGIA LAW"). Upon the effectiveness of the
Merger, all the outstanding Common Stock and Common Stock equivalents of Company
will be converted into Common Stock and Common Stock equivalents of Parent, all
in the manner and on the basis determined herein.

     B. For United States federal income tax purposes, the Merger is intended to
qualify as a "reorganization" pursuant to the provisions of Section 368 of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "CODE"). For accounting purposes,
the Merger is intended to be accounted for as a "purchase" under United States
generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP").

     C. Concurrently with the execution of this Agreement, and as a condition
and inducement to Parent's willingness to enter into this Agreement, Ken
Gavranovic and certain other affiliates of Company, will enter into, pro rata
with respect to that number of shares of Common Stock of Company as will in
aggregate represent 38% of the outstanding shares of Company Common Stock as of
the date of the Company shareholder meeting to approve the Merger, and Micron
Technology, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("MTI"), the majority stockholder of
Parent, will enter into, with respect to all of its shares of Common Stock of
Company, a Voting Agreement in the form of Exhibit A (the "VOTING AGREEMENT").

     In consideration of the foregoing and the representations, warranties,
covenants and agreements set forth in this Agreement, the parties agree as
follows:

                                   ARTICLE I

                                   THE MERGER

     1.1  The Merger; Effective Time. A Certificate of Merger containing only
the information required by Section 251(d) of the Delaware Law (the "DELAWARE
CERTIFICATE OF MERGER") will be filed with the Secretary of State of the State
of Delaware as soon as practicable after the Closing (as defined in Section 1.2
below). Articles of Merger containing only the information required by Section
14-2-1105 of the Georgia Law (the "GEORGIA ARTICLES OF MERGER") will be filed
with the Secretary of State of the State of Georgia as soon as practicable after
the Closing (as defined in Section 1.2 below). The effective time of the Merger
("EFFECTIVE TIME") will occur upon the filing of both the Delaware Certificate
of Merger with the Delaware Secretary of State and the Georgia Articles of
Merger with the Georgia Secretary of State, or upon such other date as the
parties hereto may mutually agree. Subject to the terms and conditions of this
Agreement, at the Effective Time, Merger Sub will be merged with and into
Company in a statutory merger pursuant to this Agreement and in accordance with
applicable provisions of Delaware Law and Georgia Law, the separate corporate
existence of Merger Sub shall cease, and Company shall continue as the surviving
corporation of the Merger (the "SURVIVING CORPORATION").

     1.2  Closing. The closing of the Merger (the "CLOSING") shall take place at
the offices of Fenwick & West LLP, Two Palo Alto Square, Palo Alto, California,
at a time and date to be specified by the parties,

                                       A-1

which shall be no later than the second business day after the satisfaction or
waiver of the conditions set forth in Article VI, or at such other time, date
and location as the parties hereto agree in writing (the "CLOSING DATE").

     1.3  Effect of the Merger. At the Effective Time, the effect of the Merger
shall be as provided in this Agreement and the applicable provisions of Delaware
Law and Georgia Law. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, at the
Effective Time, the Surviving Corporation shall possess all the property,
rights, privileges, powers and franchises of Company and Merger Sub, and shall
be subject to all debts, liabilities and duties of Company and Merger Sub.

     1.4  Certificate of Incorporation; Bylaws; Parent Name Change; Offices.

     (a) At the Effective Time, the Certificate of Incorporation of Merger Sub,
as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time, shall be the Certificate
of Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation until thereafter amended as
provided by law and such Certificate of Incorporation of the Surviving
Corporation.

     (b) At the Effective Time, the Bylaws of Merger Sub, as in effect
immediately prior to the Effective Time, shall be the Bylaws of the Surviving
Corporation until thereafter amended.

     (c) At the Effective Time, the Articles of Incorporation of Parent shall be
amended to change the name of Parent to "Interland, Inc."

     (d) For a period of at least eighteen months after the Effective Time, the
executive offices of the Parent shall be based in Atlanta, Georgia.

     1.5  Directors and Officers of Surviving Corporation; Directors of
Parent. The initial directors of the Surviving Corporation shall be the
directors of Merger Sub immediately prior to the Effective Time, until their
respective successors are duly elected or appointed and qualified. The initial
officers of the Surviving Corporation shall be the officers of Company
immediately prior to the Effective Time, until their respective successors are
duly appointed. Parent shall submit for shareholder approval at the Parent
Shareholder Meeting:

          (a) a proposal to increase the size of Parent's Board of Directors
     from five to eight and to amend Parent's Bylaws (the "PARENT BYLAW
     AMENDMENT") to (i) provide that all directors shall hold office for a
     period of not less than two years after the Effective Time, (ii) permit the
     removal of directors only for cause during such two year period, and (iii)
     effective after the expiration of such initial two year term, change the
     term of all directors to an indefinite term and permit removal with or
     without cause, and (iv) authorize the Board of Directors to decrease the
     size of the Board of Directors; and

          (b) a proposal (the "PARENT APPOINTMENT CONFIRMATION") to elect three
     individuals to fill the newly created director positions, two of whom shall
     be selected by Company and one of whom shall be selected jointly by Parent
     and Company (collectively, such three nominees are the "NEW DIRECTORS").

     One of the New Directors designated by Company shall agree in writing as of
Closing to resign in the event that the Company Parties to the Shareholder
Agreement (as defined below) collectively sell or transfer (other than to family
members or trusts for the benefit thereof) in excess of 20% of the aggregate
amount of Parent stock they beneficially own immediately after the Effective
Time or in the event that after the Effective Time Parent issues in one or more
acquisitions in excess of an aggregate of 20% of the aggregate amount of shares
of Parent Common Stock outstanding immediately following the Effective Time.

     1.6  Effect on Capital Stock. Subject to the terms and conditions of this
Agreement, at the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any action
on the part of Merger Sub, Company or the holders of any of the following
securities:

          (a) Conversion of Company Common Stock; Exchange Ratio; Adjustment.

          (i) Subject to Section 1.6(a)(ii) and Section 1.6(f), each share of
     common stock, no par value per share, of Company ("COMPANY COMMON STOCK")
     issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time, other than
     any shares of Company Common Stock to be canceled pursuant to

                                       A-2

     Section 1.6(c), will be canceled and extinguished and automatically
     converted into the right to receive 0.861 (the "EXCHANGE RATIO") shares of
     common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of Parent ("PARENT COMMON STOCK")
     upon surrender of the certificate representing such share of Company Common
     Stock in the manner provided in Section 1.7.

          (ii) In the event that Parent's cash and Cash Equivalents (as defined
     below) at Closing (after deducting the amount of the NAC Reserve (as
     defined below)) ("NET AVAILABLE CASH") are collectively less than an amount
     equal to (x) two hundred million dollars ($200,000,000.00) less (y) the
     Aggregate Bridge Loan Amount (as defined in Section 5.18) ("NET AVAILABLE
     CASH MINIMUM"), then the Exchange Ratio shall be adjusted as provided in
     Schedule 1.6(a)(ii).

          (iii) No fraction of a share of Parent Common Stock will be issued by
     virtue of the Merger, but in lieu thereof, a cash payment shall be made
     pursuant to Section 1.7(e).

          (iv) Unless otherwise stated all references in this Agreement to
     Company Common Stock shall be deemed to include the associated preferred
     share purchase rights ("RIGHTS") issued pursuant to the Preferred Share
     Rights Agreement dated as of July 12, 2000 (the "RIGHTS AGREEMENT") between
     the Company and SunTrust Bank as Rights Agent.

          (v) As used herein, the term "CASH EQUIVALENTS" shall mean all
     investments by Parent in cash legal tender of the United States and in any
     one or more of the following: (A) marketable obligations issued or
     guaranteed by the United States of America or by any agency of the United
     States of America, and maturing not later than 90 days from the date of
     acquisition thereof, (B) commercial paper that has the highest credit
     rating by Standard & Poor's Corporation or Moody's Investors Service, Inc.,
     and that matures not later than 90 days from the date of acquisition
     thereof and (C) time deposits maturing not later than 90 days from the date
     of creation thereof with, including negotiable certificates of deposit and
     banker's acceptances issued by or drawn on, a United States commercial bank
     or trust company or a bank or trust company chartered or organized under
     the laws of Canada, which has capital and surplus of at least $500,000,000,
     including without limitation, any such deposits in Eurodollars issued by a
     foreign branch of any such bank or trust company; provided, however, that
     any of the foregoing that were acquired after the date of this Agreement by
     means of indebtedness shall, to the extent of any such indebtedness, be
     deemed for purposes of this Section 1.6 not to be cash or Cash Equivalents.

          (b) As used herein, the "NAC RESERVE" shall be equal to a reserve,
     determined as provided in this Section 1.6(b) in accordance with GAAP,
     equal to the aggregate of all Non-Hosting GAAP Liabilities (as defined in
     Section 1.12) as of the Closing Date, net of related estimated tax refunds
     associated with the PC Business or the SpecTek business or the sale or
     discontinuance thereof, an estimate of which NAC Reserve is set out on
     Schedule 1.6(b). By May 15, 2001, Parent shall prepare (and provide to
     Company and a disinterested "Big 5" accounting firm of Company's choosing
     ("COMPANY AUDITOR"), an initial comprehensive, detailed analysis and
     calculation of the NAC Reserve and of each Non-Hosting GAAP Liability
     included therein, as applicable under various potential alternative courses
     of action ("EXPENSE PLAN"). Thereafter, Parent's auditors,
     PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP ("PWC"), as a part of its review of Parent's
     balance sheet for the most recent month ending at least 25 days prior to
     the Closing Date ("BASE BALANCE SHEET"), and the Expense Plan, shall review
     the reserves for Non-Hosting GAAP Liabilities included in the Base Balance
     Sheet (the "AUDITOR APPROVED NAC RESERVES"). In the event the Parent
     believes that the Auditor Approved NAC Reserves, are, or will as of the
     Closing Date be, incomplete or inadequate to cover all Non-Hosting GAAP
     Liabilities as of the Closing Date, then Parent may increase the Auditor
     Approved NAC Reserves (such updated reserves, the "UPDATED NAC RESERVES").
     The Auditor Approved NAC Reserves, or if applicable in lieu thereof the
     Updated NAC Reserves, are herein referred to as the "PARENT ESTIMATED NAC
     RESERVES". Company, and the Company Auditor, acting at Company's expense
     but with Parent's cooperation, will work cooperatively and concurrently
     with Parent and PWC throughout the process of the review of the Expense
     Plan and the Base Balance Sheet so as to be in a position to assess the
     adequacy of the Parent Estimated NAC Reserves within ten (10) days after
     the Parent Estimated NAC Reserves are available. In the event that Company
     reasonably determines, based on advice of the Company Auditor, that the
     Parent Estimated

                                       A-3

     NAC Reserves are in aggregate at least $5,000,000 different than the
     aggregate of all Non-Hosting GAAP Liabilities as of the Closing Date, then
     Company may, within ten (10) days after Parent advises Company in writing
     of the Parent Estimated NAC Reserves and the method of calculation thereof
     ("PARENT NOTICE"), object, by written notice delivered to Parent
     ("OBJECTION NOTICE"), to the adequacy of the Parent Estimated NAC Reserves
     and provide Company's own estimate of an aggregate reserve amount
     sufficient to satisfy the aggregate of all Non-Hosting GAAP Liabilities as
     of the Closing Date ("COMPANY ESTIMATED NAC RESERVES"). Both the Parent
     Notice and the Objection Notice shall be sufficiently detailed to permit an
     independent auditor to evaluate and confirm the accuracy of the included
     estimate of NAC Reserves. After issuance and receipt of an Objection
     Notice, Parent and Company senior management shall for a period of ten (10)
     days discuss in good faith and attempt to reach resolution on whether the
     Parent Estimated NAC Reserves or the Company Estimated NAC Reserves more
     accurately reflects the aggregate of all Non-Hosting GAAP Liabilities as of
     the Closing Date, and in that context either party may retain its original
     reserves estimate or modify its estimate of reserves in writing (in either
     case, the "MODIFIED ESTIMATES"). If the parties are unable to reach
     agreement, the dispute shall be submitted to binding arbitration in Boise,
     Idaho, under the Expedited Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American
     Arbitration Association (or other mutually agreed procedures that can be
     resolved within the timeframes herein mentioned). A third, independent,
     mutually agreeable disinterested "Big 5" accounting firm (or a partner
     thereof if the firm cannot so serve) shall be selected as arbitrator and
     the parties shall deliver to such party each party's Modified Estimates
     along with all written arguments or documentation supporting the adoption
     of such party's Modified Estimates. The arbitrator's sole determination
     shall be as to the proper amount of the NAC Reserve in accordance with this
     Agreement. Within 45 days of the appointment of such arbitrator, under the
     rules of the American Arbitration Association and the law of the State of
     Delaware (exclusive of that body of law dealing with choice of law), the
     arbitrator shall adopt one of the Modified Estimates as his or her final
     binding decision and award (the "AWARD"). The parties will reasonably
     cooperate to enable the arbitrator to reach resolution within that time
     frame. Any judgment upon the Award rendered by the arbitrator within such
     45 day period will be binding on the parties hereto and may be entered in
     any court having jurisdiction over the subject matter thereof. In the event
     an arbitration award is not issued within such 45 day period, Parent may in
     its sole discretion elect, by written notice to Company, to unilaterally
     advance from November 30, 2001 to September 30, 2001 the termination date
     provided for in Section 7.1(b) ("TERMINATION DATE ADJUSTMENT"). Company and
     its representatives shall have reasonable access to the information,
     documents and work papers of both Parent and PWC related to the
     determination and confirmation of the NAC Reserve, as well as the right to
     ask questions and receive answers of personnel of such entities involved
     with such determination and confirmation in a timely manner, and Parent
     shall have the same rights as Company to understand the basis for the
     Company Estimated NAC Reserves. The arbitrator shall be compensated for his
     or her services by the parties jointly at a rate to be determined by the
     parties or by the American Arbitration Association. Each party will bear
     its own costs and attorneys fees of any dispute under this Section. The
     arbitrator's decision under this Section shall include findings of fact and
     conclusions of law and a written opinion setting forth the basis and
     reasons for any decision reached and shall deliver such documents to each
     party to this Agreement along with a signed copy of the arbitrator's Award.
     Nothing in this Section 1.6 shall be deemed to prevent either party from
     obtaining injunctive or declaratory relief.

          (c) Cancellation of Company-Owned and Parent-Owned Stock. Each share
     of Company Common Stock held by Company or owned by Merger Sub, Parent or
     any direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Company or of Parent
     immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be canceled and extinguished
     without any conversion thereof.

          (d) Stock Options; Employee Stock Purchase Plan; Warrants. At the
     Effective Time, all options to purchase Company Common Stock then
     outstanding under Company's Stock Incentive Plan (the "COMPANY STOCK OPTION
     PLAN") shall be assumed by Parent in accordance with Section 5.9 of this
     Agreement. Rights outstanding under Company's Employee Stock Purchase Plan
     (the "COMPANY ESPP") shall be treated as set forth in Section 5.9 of this
     Agreement. At the Effective Time, all warrants

                                       A-4

     to purchase Company capital stock then outstanding shall be assumed by
     Parent in accordance with Section 5.9 of this Agreement.

          (e) Capital Stock of Merger Sub. Each share of common stock, par value
     $0.01 per share, of Merger Sub (the "MERGER SUB COMMON STOCK"), issued and
     outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be converted into
     one validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable share of common stock,
     $0.01 par value per share, of the Surviving Corporation. Following the
     Effective Time, each certificate evidencing ownership of shares of Merger
     Sub common stock shall evidence ownership of such shares of capital stock
     of the Surviving Corporation.

          (f) Adjustments to Exchange Ratio. The Exchange Ratio shall be
     adjusted to reflect appropriately the effect of any stock split, reverse
     stock split, stock dividend (including any dividend or distribution of
     securities convertible into Parent Common Stock or Company Common Stock),
     reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification or other like change
     with respect to Parent Common Stock or Company Common Stock occurring on or
     after the date hereof and prior to the Effective Time.

     1.7  Exchange of Certificates.

     (a) Exchange Agent. Parent shall select an institution reasonably
acceptable to Company to act as the exchange agent (the "Exchange Agent") in the
Merger.

     (b) Exchange Fund. Promptly after the Effective Time, Parent shall make
available to the Exchange Agent for exchange in accordance with this Article I,
the shares of Parent Common Stock (such shares of Parent Common Stock, together
with cash in lieu of fractional shares and any dividends or distributions with
respect thereto, are hereinafter referred to as the "Exchange Fund") issuable
pursuant to Section 1.6 in exchange for outstanding shares of Company Common
Stock.

     (c) Exchange Procedures. Promptly after the Effective Time, Parent shall
instruct the Exchange Agent to mail to each holder of record of a certificate or
certificates ("Certificates") that immediately prior to the Effective Time
represented outstanding shares of Company Common Stock whose shares were
converted into shares of Parent Common Stock pursuant to Section 1.6, (i) a
letter of transmittal in customary form (that shall specify that delivery shall
be effected, and risk of loss and title to the Certificates shall pass, only
upon proper delivery of the Certificates to the Exchange Agent and shall contain
such other provisions as Parent may reasonably specify) and (ii) instructions
for use in effecting the surrender of the Certificates in exchange for
certificates representing shares of Parent Common Stock. Upon surrender of
Certificates for cancellation to the Exchange Agent together with such letter of
transmittal, duly completed and validly executed in accordance with the
instructions thereto, the holders of such Certificates shall be entitled to
receive in exchange therefor certificates representing the number of whole
shares of Parent Common Stock into which their shares of Company Common Stock
were converted at the Effective Time, payment in lieu of fractional shares that
such holders have the right to receive pursuant to Section 1.7(e) and any
dividends or distributions payable pursuant to Section 1.7(d), and the
Certificates so surrendered shall forthwith be canceled. Until so surrendered,
outstanding Certificates will be deemed from and after the Effective Time, for
all corporate purposes, to evidence only the ownership of the number of full
shares of Parent Common Stock into which such shares of Company Common Stock
shall have been so converted and the right to receive an amount in cash in lieu
of the issuance of any fractional shares in accordance with Section 1.7(e) and
any dividends or distributions payable pursuant to Section 1.7(d). No interest
will be paid or accrued on any cash in lieu of fractional shares of Parent
Common Stock or on any unpaid dividends or distributions payable to holders of
Certificates. In the event of a transfer of ownership of shares of Company
Common Stock that is not registered in the transfer records of Company, a
certificate representing the proper number of shares of Parent Common Stock may
be issued to a transferee if the Certificate representing such shares of Company
Common Stock is presented to the Exchange Agent, accompanied by all documents
required to evidence and effect such transfer and by evidence that any
applicable stock transfer taxes have been paid.

     (d) Distributions With Respect to Unexchanged Shares. No dividends or other
distributions declared or made after the date of this Agreement with respect to
Parent Common Stock with a record date after the Effective Time will be paid to
the holders of any unsurrendered Certificates with respect to the shares of

                                       A-5

Parent Common Stock represented thereby until the holders of record of such
Certificates shall surrender such Certificates. Subject to applicable law,
following surrender of any such Certificates, the Exchange Agent shall deliver
to the holders of certificates representing whole shares of Parent Common Stock
issued in exchange therefor, without interest, (i) promptly, the amount of any
cash payable with respect to a fractional share of Parent Common Stock to which
such holder is entitled pursuant to Section 1.7(e) and the amount of dividends
or other distributions with a record date after the Effective Time theretofore
paid with respect to such whole shares of Parent Common Stock, and (ii) at the
appropriate payment date, the amount of dividends or other distributions with a
record date after the Effective Time but prior to surrender and a payment date
occurring after surrender, payable with respect to such whole shares of Parent
Common Stock.

     (e) Fractional Shares. (i) As promptly as practicable following the
Effective Time, the Exchange Agent shall determine the excess of (A) the number
of full shares of Parent Common Stock delivered to the Exchange Agent pursuant
to Section 1.7(b), over (B) the aggregate number of full shares of Parent Common
Stock to be distributed to holders of Company Common Stock pursuant to Section
1.7(c) (such excess, the "EXCESS SHARES"). Following the Effective Time, the
Exchange Agent, as agent for the holders of Company Common Stock, shall sell the
Excess Shares at then prevailing prices on the Nasdaq Stock Market in the manner
set forth in paragraph (ii) of this Section 1.7(e).

     (ii) The sale of the excess shares by the Exchange Agent shall be executed
on the Nasdaq Stock Market and shall be executed in round lots to the extent
practicable. The Exchange Agent shall use all commercially reasonable efforts to
complete the sale of the Excess Shares as promptly following the Effective Time
as, in the Exchange Agent's reasonable judgment, is practicable consistent with
obtaining the best execution of such sales in light of prevailing market
conditions. Until the net proceeds of such sales have been distributed to the
holders of Company Common Stock, the Exchange Agent will hold such proceeds in
trust for the holders of Company Common Stock. The Exchange Agent will determine
the portion of such net proceeds to which each holder of Company Common Stock
shall be entitled, if any, by multiplying the amount of the aggregate net
proceeds by a fraction the numerator of which is the amount of the fractional
share interest to which such holder of Company Common Stock is entitled (after
taking into account all shares of Parent Common Stock to be issued to such
holder) and the denominator of which is the aggregate amount of fractional share
interests to which all holders of Company Common Stock are entitled. As soon as
practicable after the determination of the amount of cash, if any, to be paid to
holders of Company Common Stock with respect to fractional share interests, the
Exchange Agent shall promptly pay such amounts to such holders of Company Common
Stock in accordance with the terms of Section 1.7(c).

     (iii) Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraphs (i) and (ii) of this
Section 1.7(e), Parent may decide, at its option, exercised prior to the
Effective Time, in lieu of the issuance and sale of Excess Shares and the making
of the payments contemplated in such paragraphs, that Parent shall pay to the
Exchange Agent an amount sufficient for the Exchange Agent to pay each holder of
Company Common Stock the amount such holder would have received pursuant to
Section 1.7(e)(ii) assuming that the sales of Parent Common Stock were made at a
price equal to the average of the closing prices of the Parent Common Stock on
the Nasdaq Stock Market for the ten consecutive trading days immediately
following the Effective Time and, in such case, all references herein to the
cash proceeds of the sale of the Excess Shares and similar references shall be
deemed to mean and refer to the payments calculated as set forth in this
paragraph (iii). In such event, Excess Shares shall not be issued or otherwise
transferred to the Exchange Agent pursuant to Sections 1.7(c) or (e).

     (f) Required Withholding. Each of the Exchange Agent, Parent and the
Surviving Corporation shall be entitled to deduct and withhold from any
consideration payable or otherwise deliverable pursuant to this Agreement to any
holder or former holder of Company Common Stock such amounts as may be required
to be deducted or withheld therefrom under the Code or under any provision of
state, local or foreign tax law or under any other applicable Legal Requirement
(as defined in Section 2.2(c)). To the extent such amounts are so deducted or
withheld, such amounts shall be treated for all purposes under this Agreement as
having been paid to the person to whom such amounts would otherwise have been
paid.

                                       A-6

     (g) Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Certificates. In the event that any
Certificates shall have been lost, stolen or destroyed, the Exchange Agent shall
issue in exchange for such lost, stolen or destroyed Certificates, upon the
making of an affidavit of that fact by the holder thereof, certificates
representing the shares of Parent Common Stock into which the shares of Company
Common Stock represented by such Certificates were converted pursuant to Section
1.6, cash for fractional shares, if any, as may be required pursuant to Section
1.7(e) and any dividends or distributions payable pursuant to Section 1.7(d);
provided, however, that Parent may, in its discretion and as a condition
precedent to the issuance of such certificates representing shares of Parent
Common Stock, cash and other distributions, require the owner of such lost,
stolen or destroyed Certificates to deliver a bond in such sum as it may
reasonably direct as indemnity against any claim that may be made against
Parent, the Surviving Corporation or the Exchange Agent with respect to the
Certificates alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed.

     (h) No Liability. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section
1.7, neither the Exchange Agent, Parent, the Surviving Corporation nor any party
hereto shall be liable to a holder of shares of Parent Common Stock or Company
Common Stock for any amount properly paid to a public official pursuant to any
applicable abandoned property, escheat or similar law.

     (i) Termination of Exchange Fund. Any portion of the Exchange Fund that
remains undistributed to the holders of Company Common Stock for six months
after the Effective Time shall be delivered to Parent, upon demand, and any
holders of Company Common Stock who have not theretofore complied with the
provisions of this Section 1.7 shall thereafter look only to Parent for the
shares of Parent Common Stock, any cash in lieu of fractional shares of Parent
Common Stock to which they are entitled pursuant to Section 1.7(e) and any
dividends or other distributions with respect to Parent Common Stock to which
they are entitled pursuant to Section 1.7(d), in each case, without any interest
thereon.

     1.8  No Further Ownership Rights in Company Common Stock. All shares of
Parent Common Stock issued in accordance with the terms hereof (including any
cash paid in respect thereof pursuant to Section 1.7(d) and (e)) shall be deemed
to have been issued in full satisfaction of all rights pertaining to such shares
of Company Common Stock, and there shall be no further registration of transfers
on the records of the Surviving Corporation of shares of Company Common Stock
that were outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time. If after the
Effective Time Certificates are presented to the Surviving Corporation for any
reason, they shall be canceled and exchanged as provided in this Article I.

     1.9  Restricted Stock. If any shares of Company Common Stock that are
outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time are unvested or are subject
to a repurchase option, risk of forfeiture or other condition providing that
such shares ("Company Restricted Stock") may be forfeited or repurchased by the
Company upon any termination of the shareholders' employment, directorship or
other relationship with the Company (and/or any affiliate of the Company) under
the terms of any restricted stock purchase agreement or other agreement with the
Company that does not by its terms provide that such repurchase option, risk of
forfeiture or other condition lapses upon consummation of the Merger, then the
shares of Parent Common Stock issued upon the conversion of such shares of
Company Common Stock in the Merger will continue to be unvested and subject to
the same repurchase options, risks of forfeiture or other conditions following
the Effective Time, and the certificates representing such shares of Parent
Common Stock may accordingly be marked with appropriate legends noting such
repurchase options, risks of forfeiture or other conditions. Company shall take
all actions that may be necessary to ensure that, from and after the Effective
Time, Parent is entitled to exercise any such repurchase option or other right
set forth in any such restricted stock purchase agreement or other agreement. A
listing of the holders of Company Restricted Stock, together with the number of
shares and the vesting schedule of Company Restricted Stock held by each
together with a list of any unvested shares subject to accelerated vesting by
virtue of the Merger or termination following the Merger, is set forth in Part
1.9 of the Company Disclosure Letter. Nothing in this Section 1.9 shall be
deemed to amend or modify any of the terms of any such restricted stock purchase
agreement or other agreement, or to prevent any accelerated vesting by virtue of
the Merger or termination following the Merger otherwise provided for in any
such restricted stock purchase agreement or other agreement.

                                       A-7

     1.10  Tax Consequences. It is intended by the parties hereto that the
Merger shall constitute a "reorganization" within the meaning of Section 368 of
the Code. The parties hereto adopt this Agreement as a "plan of reorganization"
within the meaning of Sections 1.368-2(g) and 1.368-3(a) of the United States
Income Tax Regulations.

     1.11  Taking of Necessary Action; Further Action. If, at any time after the
Effective Time, any further action is necessary or desirable to carry out the
purposes of this Agreement and to vest the Surviving Corporation with full
right, title and possession to all assets, property, rights, privileges, powers
and franchises of Company and Merger Sub, the officers and directors of Company
and Merger Sub will take all such lawful and necessary action. Parent shall
cause Merger Sub to perform all of its obligations relating to this Agreement
and the transactions contemplated hereby.

     1.12  Payments of Excess Cash or Net Proceeds by Parent.

     For purposes of this Section 1.12, the following terms shall have the
following meanings:

     "AUDITED CLOSING BALANCE SHEET" means the audited consolidated balance
sheet of Parent as of the Effective Time, prepared on a basis reasonably
consistent with Parent's most recent audited quarterly consolidated balance
sheet contained in the Parent SEC Reports, which has been reviewed and approved
by Parent's auditors.

     "AUDITED CLOSING BALANCE SHEET NON-HOSTING GAAP LIABILITIES" shall mean an
amount equal to all Non-Hosting GAAP Liabilities shown on the Audited Closing
Balance Sheet (whether included in reserves for discontinued operations or other
items on the face of the Closing Balance Sheet).

     "DISPOSITION" shall mean a sale, transfer or other disposition, liquidation
or winding up, in one or a series of transactions of all or substantially all of
Parent's PC Business or all or substantially all of the assets used in the PC
Business.

     "ESCROW" shall mean that certain escrow established pursuant to Section
1.12(a) pursuant to which any Excess Cash or Net Proceeds will be retained until
the Escrow Release Date to ensure Parent's ability to make any Escrow Payments.

     "ESCROW LIABILITIES" shall mean any Audited Closing Balance Sheet
Non-Hosting GAAP Liabilities or any Post-Closing Non-Hosting GAAP Liabilities.

     "ESCROW PAYMENT" shall mean any payment from Escrow to pay for any Escrow
Liabilities.

     "ESCROW RELEASE DATE" shall mean the date that is six months after the
Closing Date.

     "EXCESS CASH" shall mean an amount equal to the sum of (A) the amount of
Parent's cash and Cash Equivalents reflected on the Audited Closing Balance
Sheet, less (i) the amount of any Audited Closing Balance Sheet Non-Hosting GAAP
Liabilities (other than those which have reduced Net Proceeds), less (ii) two
hundred million dollars ($200,000,000.00); and (B) the amount of any decrease in
the reserves for Audited Closing Balance Sheet Non-Hosting GAAP Liabilities (but
not including any decreases in the amount of the reserves solely resulting from
payments for the Escrow Liabilities that are the subject of such reserves)
reflected in Parent audited financial statements for periods after the Closing
Date, which financial statements have been audited by PWC; in any event, Excess
Cash will not include any Net Proceeds distributed hereunder, unless Parent
elects to include such amount in Excess Cash and exclude the same from Net
Proceeds.

     "GAAP LIABILITIES" shall mean expenses, claims or liabilities (including
probable material loss contingencies), if and to the extent that GAAP would
require same to be included in items on the face of a balance sheet prepared in
accordance with GAAP, based on the level of materiality and probability required
for such a liability to be so included.

     "NET PROCEEDS" with respect to any Disposition, means (i) cash (freely
convertible into U.S. dollars) indefeasibly paid to Parent or any Subsidiary of
Parent from such Disposition, and (ii) stock, promissory notes, other securities
or other non cash consideration (including pursuant to any contingent value
right or

                                       A-8

earn out provision) indefeasibly paid to Parent or any Subsidiary from such
Disposition upon the final liquidation or conversion of such securities into
cash (net of any taxes or other costs with respect to such conversion), after
(a) provision for all taxes, fees, levies, assessments or other charges by any
Governmental Authority in connection with the Disposition and any taxes relating
to the income measured by or resulting from such Disposition, (b) payment of all
brokerage commissions, finders fees and other out-of-pocket fees and expenses
associated with such Disposition, (c) payment of any indebtedness required to be
incurred by Parent or any Subsidiary in connection with such Disposition, (d)
deduction of appropriate amounts to be provided by Parent as a reserve or credit
against the purchase price, in accordance with GAAP, relating to any indemnity
liabilities assumed by Parent in connection with the Disposition (which reserve
will expire when such indemnity liability expires per its terms); and (e)
deduction of any portion of the aggregate amount of the Audited Closing Balance
Sheet Non-Hosting GAAP Liabilities that is not assumed by the acquiring entity
or an affiliate thereof in any Disposition (other than those which have already
reduced Excess Cash). In the event that consideration to be received by Parent
in connection with such Disposition is subject to escrow, forfeiture or
otherwise affected by some contingency, Parent shall not be deemed to have
received such escrowed, defeasible or contingent portion of such consideration
until such escrow, forfeiture risk or contingency shall have expired or lapsed.
If any Net Proceeds are other than cash, then the value of such assets shall be
their fair market value as determined by the Board of Directors in good faith,
except that the value of any securities received shall be valued as follows:

          (x) The method of valuation of securities not subject to restrictions
     on free marketability shall be as follows:

             (i) unless otherwise specified in a definitive agreement for the
        acquisition of the PC Business, if the securities are then traded on a
        national securities exchange or the Nasdaq National Market (or a similar
        national quotation system), then the value shall be deemed to be the
        average of the closing prices of the securities on such exchange or
        system over the thirty (30) calendar day period ending three (3) trading
        days prior to the distribution; and

             (ii) if (i) above does not apply but the securities are actively
        traded over-the-counter, then, unless otherwise specified in a
        definitive agreement for the acquisition of the PC Business, the value
        shall be deemed to be the average of the closing bid prices over the
        thirty (30) day period ending three (3) days prior to the Payment; and

             (iii) if there is no active public market as described in clauses
        (i) or (ii) above, then the value shall be the fair market value
        thereof, as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of
        Parent.

          (y) The method of valuation of securities subject to restrictions on
     free marketability shall be to make an appropriate discount from the market
     value determined as above in subparagraphs (a)(i), (ii) or (iii) of this
     subsection to reflect the approximate fair market value thereof, as
     determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of Parent.

     "NON-HOSTING GAAP LIABILITIES" shall mean GAAP Liabilities of Parent that
are related to (or, in the case of items allocated to the Parent's current web
hosting business as conducted by the Parent's HostPro division ("HOSTPRO
BUSINESS") and to business units other than the HostPro Business, allocable (and
then only to the extent allocable) to) any of the following: (i) the ongoing
operations of the PC Business or the SpecTek business; (ii) the sale, transfer
or other disposition of the PC Business or the SpecTek business (including any
indemnity obligations associated with any agreement relating to any sale of the
PC Business or the SpecTek business, and including any net amounts due MTI in
connection with the sale and termination of the SpecTek business); (iii) any
wind down and cessation of operations of the PC Business or the SpecTek business
(including any GAAP Liabilities included in any reserve for discontinued
operations relating to the PC Business or SpecTek); or (iv) any other GAAP
Liabilities of Parent to the extent not related to or allocable to the HostPro
Business.

     "PARENT CLOSING DATE SHAREHOLDERS" shall mean those beneficial holders of
shares of Parent Common Stock immediately prior to the Effective Time reflected
on the Transfer Agent List.

                                       A-9

     "PARENT TRANSFER AGENT" means Wells Fargo Bank, N.A.

     "PAYMENT" shall mean any of: (i) a payment of Excess Cash made following
the Escrow Release Date to the Payment Agent for the benefit of the Parent
Closing Date Shareholders (to be paid by the Payment Agent to such Parent
Closing Date Shareholders in accordance with their Pro Rata Share) pursuant to
Section 1.12(b) below; or (ii) in the event Net Proceeds are realized, a payment
of Net Proceeds made following the Escrow Release Date to the Payment Agent for
the benefit of the Parent Closing Date Shareholders (to be paid by the Payment
Agent to such Parent Closing Date Shareholders in accordance with their Pro Rata
Share) made to Parent Closing Date Shareholders pursuant to Section 1.12(c)
below.

     "PAYMENT AGENT" means Wells Fargo Bank, N.A.

     "PC BUSINESS" shall mean Parent's business of developing, manufacturing,
marketing, selling, distributing, installing, servicing, supporting,
maintaining, repairing or otherwise commercially exploiting all or any aspect of
any or all of its personal computer products or of any intangible assets or
Intellectual Property Rights related to such personal computer products or the
business of selling same.

     "POST-CLOSING NON-HOSTING GAAP LIABILITIES" shall mean any Non-Hosting GAAP
Liabilities arising after the Closing Date.

     "PRO RATA SHARE" shall mean with respect to each Parent Closing Date
Shareholder, the quotient obtained by dividing (i) the number of shares of
Parent Common Stock held by a Parent Closing Date Shareholder immediately prior
to the Effective Time, as reflected on the Transfer Agent List, by (ii) the
total number of shares of Parent Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to
the Effective Time, as reflected on the Transfer Agent List.

     "SPECTEK" shall mean Parent's business of developing, manufacturing,
marketing, selling, distributing, installing, servicing, supporting,
maintaining, repairing or otherwise commercially exploiting all or any aspect of
any or all of its memory products or of any intangible assets or Intellectual
Property Rights related to such memory products or the business of selling same.

     "TRANSFER AGENT LIST" means the list of Parent Closing Date Shareholders as
certified by the Parent Transfer Agent.

     (a) Escrow.

     (i) Within forty-five (45) days after the Effective Time (the "INITIAL
PAYMENT DATE"), Parent shall prepare the Closing Balance Sheet and determine the
amount of Excess Cash.

         Parent shall provide to MTI, and any independent auditors retained by
MTI, reasonable access during Parent's business hours to those books and records
in the possession of Parent and any personnel which relate to the preparation of
the Net Distributable Amount and to the workpapers of Parent and its independent
auditors for the purposes of resolving any disputes concerning the Net
Distributable Amount.

     (ii) Any Excess Cash available, and any Net Proceeds realized, prior to the
Escrow Release Date (together with interest thereon, the "ESCROW FUNDS") shall
be deposited by Parent in a segregated, interest bearing account in the
Company's name ("ESCROW ACCOUNT"). Prior to the Escrow Release Date, Parent
shall use Escrow Funds to satisfy any Escrow Liabilities arising prior to the
Escrow Release Date. On the Escrow Release Date, an amount equal to the Escrow
Funds, less the amount of any Escrow Liabilities remaining outstanding on that
date ("NET DISTRIBUTABLE AMOUNT"), which amount shall be approved by a committee
of directors of Parent who were not directors or officers of Parent immediately
prior to the Effective Time (the "SPECIAL COMMITTEE"), shall be distributed as a
Payment to the Payment Agent for the benefit of the Parent Closing Date
Shareholders. Prior to such Payment, Parent shall provide MTI (or such other
persons as MTI designates to represent the interests of the Parent Closing Date
Shareholders) (the "SHAREHOLDER REPRESENTATIVE") the calculation of the proposed
Payment as calculated under the preceding sentence. Parent shall provide to MTI,
and any independent auditors retained by MTI, reasonable access during Parent's
business hours to those books and records in the possession of Parent and any
personnel which relate to the preparation of the Net Distributable Amount and to
the workpapers of Parent and its independent auditors for the

                                       A-10

purposes of resolving any disputes concerning the Net Distributable Amount.
Absent objection within ten (10) business days to such Payment, such Payment
shall be made in the Distributable Amount and such Payment shall conclusively be
deemed to have been made, and such Net Distributable Amount shall conclusively
be deemed to have been calculated, in accordance with this Agreement. If the
Shareholder Representative objects to the calculation of the Net Distributable
Amount, the Shareholder Representative shall provide to the Parent a notice of
such objection that sets forth in reasonable detail the specific errors or
omissions in the calculation of the Net Distributable Amount ("OBJECTION
NOTICE"); provided, however, that the amount of the Audited Closing Balance
Sheet Non-Hosting GAAP Liabilities may not be a subject of such Objection
Notice, as such number will already have been subject to audit in connection
with the audit by PWC of the Closing Balance Sheet; provided, further that the
proper calculation of any Post-Closing Non-Hosting GAAP Liabilities arising
prior to the Escrow Release Date may be a proper subject of an Objection Notice.
Following receipt of any Objection Notice, the Shareholder Representative and
the Special Committee shall discuss in good faith the applicable objections set
forth therein for a period of sixty (60) days thereafter and shall, during such
period, attempt to resolve the matter or matters in dispute by mutual written
agreement. If the Shareholder Representative and the Special Committee reach
such an agreement, such agreement shall be confirmed in writing and thereafter
the Net Distributable Amount, as adjusted based on such agreement, shall be
distributed to the Payment Agent for the benefit of the Parent Closing Date
Shareholders, which payment shall thereafter be conclusively deemed to have been
distributed in accordance with this Agreement. If the Shareholder Representative
and the Special Committee are unable to reach a mutual agreement as stated above
during the sixty (60) day period referred to therein, then PWC (or if PWC
declines to so serve, another "Big 5" auditing firm) (the "ACCOUNTING EXPERT"),
acting as an expert and not as an arbitrator, shall resolve those matters still
in dispute with respect to the calculation of the Net Distributable Amount. The
Accounting Expert's resolution of the matters in dispute, including any
adjustments to the Net Distributable Amount made by the Accounting Expert, shall
be final and binding on Parent, the Shareholder Representative and the Parent
Closing Date Shareholders and the Net Distributable Amount (as adjusted by such
Accounting Expert) shall be distributed to the Payment Agent for the benefit of
the Parent Closing Date Shareholders. The Accounting Expert shall make a
determination as soon as practicable and in any event within sixty (60) days (or
such other time as the Shareholder Representatives and the Special Committee
shall agree in writing) after its engagement. Notwithstanding anything set forth
in this section, the scope of any dispute to be resolved by the Accounting
Expert, acting pursuant hereto shall be limited to correcting errors in the
calculation of the Net Distributable Amount, including confirming the proper
computation of Excess Cash or Net Proceeds, including that all reserves for
Escrow Liabilities have been properly reduced, confirming that all Audited
Closing Balance Sheet Non-Hosting GAAP Liabilities have been properly reduced,
confirming that all Audited Closing Balance Sheet Non-Hosting GAAP Liabilities
have been paid, discharged or satisfied in full (or deducted in determining the
Net Distributable Amount), and confirming that all Post-Closing Non-Hosting GAAP
Liabilities arising prior the Escrow Release Date have been paid, discharged or
satisfied as of that date and, except for the foregoing matters, the Accounting
Expert shall not and is not to make any further determination. Parent, the
Special Committee and the Shareholder Representative shall fully cooperate with
each other and with the Accounting Expert to resolve any dispute.
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, including without
limitation any provision stating that remedies shall be cumulative and not
exclusive, this section provides the sole and exclusive method for resolving any
and all disputes of each and every nature whatever that may arise with respect
to the calculation of the Net Distributable Amount or the related Payment. As
between the parties, Parent (acting for Parent, the Shareholder Representative,
and Parent Closing Date Shareholders) and Company (acting for the Company, and
all Company shareholders) hereby irrevocably waive, relinquish and surrender on
their own behalf and on behalf of their respective affiliates and
representatives all rights to, and agree that they will not attempt, and shall
cause their affiliates and representatives not to attempt, to, resolve any such
dispute or disputes in any manner other than as set forth in this section,
including without limitation through litigation. All fees and expenses of
Company and Parent relating to the matters described in this section, including
the calculation of the Net Distributable Amount, shall be borne by Parent (and
shall not constitute an Escrow Liability for purposes of calculating the Net
Distributable Amount), and all fees and expenses of any former Company
shareholder, Parent Closing Date Shareholder, or the Shareholder Representative
relating to the matters described in this section shall be borne by the party
incurring such fees. Notwithstanding the
                                       A-11

foregoing, in the event any dispute is submitted to the Accounting Expert for
resolution as provided in this section hereof, the fees and expenses of the
Accounting Expert shall be borne by Parent and shall not constitute an Escrow
Liability for purposes of calculating the Net Distributable Amount.

     (b) Distributions of Excess Cash. Within forty-five (45) days from the end
of each of Parent's fiscal quarters ending subsequent to the Escrow Release Date
until the third anniversary of Closing (at which time this Section 1.12(b) shall
expire), Parent shall make a Payment of Excess Cash to the Payment Agent for the
benefit of the Parent Closing Date Shareholders, in an aggregate amount equal to
any Excess Cash remaining after payment of all Escrow Liabilities arising prior
to the Escrow Release Date; provided that such Payment will be made pursuant to
Section 302A.551 of the Minnesota Business Corporation Act ("MINN. BUS. CORP.
ACT") with a record date as of immediately prior to the Effective Time and no
such Payment shall be made if and to the extent that it would violate Section
551 of the Minn. Bus. Corp. Act; provided, that any such Payment that is
otherwise available to be made shall first be reduced by an amount by which any
previous Escrow Funds to be distributed would have been reduced but were not so
reduced because the Escrow Funds were not large enough to cover all of such
reduction (i.e., the amount by which Escrow Liabilities exceeded Escrow Funds
otherwise available for distribution). Parent may in its sole discretion, elect
not to make any Payment of Excess Cash until the aggregate amount of Excess Cash
would result in a Payment of Excess Cash of at least ten million dollars
($10,000,000.00), but once such threshold is exceeded all Excess Cash including
such threshold amount shall be distributed.

     (c) Distributions of Net Proceeds. Parent shall, as promptly as practical
after the later of the Escrow Release Date and the receipt of Net Proceeds but
in no event after the third anniversary of Closing, at which time this Section
1.12(c) shall expire, make a Payment of such Net Proceeds to the Payment Agent
for the benefit of the Parent Closing Date Shareholders, in an amount equal to
(i) the aggregate Net Proceeds received by Parent through the date of such
Payment, less (ii) the aggregate amount of all Payments of Net Proceeds made to
date; provided that such Payment will be made pursuant to Section 302A.551 of
the Minn. Bus. Corp. Act with a record date as of immediately prior to the
Effective Time and no such Payment shall be made if and to the extent that it
would violate Section 551 of the Minn. Bus. Corp. Act. Parent may in its sole
discretion, elect not to make any Payment of Net Proceeds until the aggregate
amount of Net Proceeds received by it would result in a Payment of Net Proceeds
in an aggregate amount equal to at least ten million dollars ($10,000,000.00),
but once such threshold is exceeded all Excess Cash including such threshold
amount shall be distributed.

     (d) Intended Third Party Beneficiaries; Unattached to Stock;
Forfeiture. Parent Closing Date Shareholders shall be deemed to be intended
third party beneficiaries of this Section 1.12. For the avoidance of doubt,
Payments made hereunder shall be made to the Parent Closing Date Shareholders
notwithstanding any transfer of Parent shares held thereby subsequent to the
Effective Time. In the event that at the time of any payment under this Section
1.12, the Parent Closing Date Shareholder cannot be located at such holder's
last known address in the Transfer Agent's records, or at any other address
obtained after 30 days commercially reasonable efforts by Parent, or if a Parent
Closing Date Shareholder's identity cannot be determined despite the Transfer
Agent's reasonable search, the Parent Closing Date Shareholders may look only to
Parent to recover any Payment to be made under this Section 1.12 and shall only
be general creditors of Parent, and shall have no right to recover interest.
None of Parent, Company or the Payment Agent shall be liable to any person in
respect of any portion of a Payment delivered to a public official pursuant to
any applicable abandoned property, escheat or similar law. If a Parent Closing
Date Shareholder cannot be located prior to one year after the Effective Time
(or immediately prior to such earlier date on which such portion of a Payment
would otherwise escheat to or become the property of any Governmental Entity),
any such portion of a Payment shall, to the extent permitted by applicable law,
become the property of Parent, free and clear of all claims or interest of any
person previously entitled thereto.

                                       A-12

                                   ARTICLE II

                   REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF COMPANY

     As of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date, except as
disclosed in (i) Company's Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on March 15,
2000 and declared effective on July 24, 2000 and any Company SEC Reports (as
defined below) filed subsequent to such Registration Statement on Form S-1, and
(ii) the disclosure letter delivered by Company to Parent dated as of the date
hereof and certified by a duly authorized officer of Company (the "COMPANY
DISCLOSURE LETTER") (each Part of which qualifies the correspondingly numbered
representation, warranty or covenant to the extent specified therein and such
other representations, warranties or covenants to the extent a matter in such
Part is disclosed in such a way as to make its relevance to such other
representation, warranty or covenant readily apparent), Company represents and
warrants to Parent and Merger Sub as follows:

     2.1  Organization; Subsidiaries.

     (a) Company and each of its subsidiaries is a corporation duly organized,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its
incorporation and has all requisite corporate power and authority, and all
requisite qualifications to do business as a foreign corporation, to conduct its
business in the manner in which its business is currently being conducted,
except where the failure to be so organized, existing or in good standing or to
have such power, authority or qualifications would not, individually or in the
aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect (as defined in Section 8.3) on
Company.

     (b) Other than as set forth in Part 2.1 of the Company Disclosure Letter,
neither Company nor any of its subsidiaries owns any capital stock of, or any
equity interest of any nature in, any corporation, partnership, joint venture
arrangement or other business entity, other than the entities identified in Part
2.1 of the Company Disclosure Letter, except for passive investments in equity
interests of public companies as part of the cash management program of Company.
Neither Company nor any of its subsidiaries has agreed or is obligated to make,
or is bound by any written, oral or other agreement, contract, subcontract,
lease, binding understanding, instrument, note, option, warranty, purchase
order, license, sublicense, insurance policy, benefit plan or legally binding
commitment or undertaking of any nature, as in effect as of the date hereof or
as may hereinafter be in effect under which it may become obligated to make any
future investment in or capital contribution to any other entity. Neither
Company, nor any of its subsidiaries, has, at any time, been a general partner
of any general partnership, limited partnership or other entity. Part 2.1 of the
Company Disclosure Letter indicates the jurisdiction of organization of each
entity listed therein and Company's direct or indirect equity interest therein.

     (c) Company has delivered or made available to Parent a true and correct
copy of the Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws of Company and similar
governing instruments of each of its subsidiaries, each as amended to date
(collectively, the "COMPANY CHARTER DOCUMENTS"), and each such instrument is in
full force and effect. Neither Company nor any of its subsidiaries is in
violation of any of the provisions of the Company Charter Documents. Company has
delivered or made available to Parent all proposed or considered amendments to
the Company Charter Documents.

     2.2  Company Capitalization.

     (a) The authorized capital stock of Company consists solely of 200,000,000
shares of Company Common Stock, of which there were 47,348,585 shares issued and
outstanding as of the close of business on March 15, 2001; 25,000,000 shares of
preferred stock, no par value, of which 15,000,000 are designated as Series A
Preferred Stock, none of which were shares issued and outstanding as of the
close of business on March 15, 2001; and 2,100,000 are designated as Series A-1
Preferred Stock none of which were issued and outstanding as of the close of
business on March 15, 2001. All outstanding shares of Company capital stock are
duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and are not
subject to preemptive rights created by statute, the Articles of Incorporation
or Bylaws of Company or any agreement or document to which Company or any of its
shareholders is a party or by which Company or any of its shareholders is bound.
As of the date of this Agreement, there are no shares of Company Common Stock
held in treasury by the Company. From and after the Effective Time, the shares
of Parent Common Stock issued in exchange for any
                                       A-13

shares of Company Restricted Stock will, without any further act of Parent, the
Company or any other person, become subject to the restrictions, conditions and
other provisions of such Company Restricted Stock, and Parent will automatically
succeed to and become entitled to exercise the Company's rights and remedies
under such Company Restricted Stock.

     (b) As of the close of business on March 9, 2001, (i) 6,730,233 shares of
Company Common Stock are subject to issuance pursuant to outstanding options to
purchase Company Common Stock under the Company Stock Option Plan ("COMPANY
OPTIONS") for a weighted average aggregate exercise price of $4.28, (ii) 540,000
shares of Company Common Stock are reserved for future issuance under the
Company ESPP, and (iii) 5,537,216 shares of Company Common Stock are subject to
issuance pursuant to outstanding warrants to purchase Company Common Stock
("COMPANY WARRANTS") for a weighted average exercise price of $14.0076. Part
2.2(b)(1) of the Company Disclosure Letter sets forth the following information
with respect to each Company Option outstanding as of the date of this
Agreement: (i) the name of the optionee; (ii) the number of shares of Company
Common Stock subject to such Company Option; (iii) the exercise price of such
Company Option; (iv) the date on which such Company Option was granted or
assumed; (v) the date on which such Company Option expires; (vi) whether the
exercisability of such option will be accelerated in any way by the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, and indicates the extent of any such
acceleration; and (vii) whether such Company Option remains exercisable at any
time after the 90th day after termination of service. Company has made available
to Parent an accurate and complete copy of the Company Stock Option Plan and the
form of all stock option agreements evidencing Company Options. There are no
options outstanding to purchase shares of Company Common Stock other than
pursuant to the Company Stock Option Plan. All shares of Company Common Stock
subject to issuance as aforesaid, upon issuance on the terms and conditions
specified in the instruments pursuant to which they are issuable, will be duly
authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. Except as set forth on
Part 2.2(b) of the Company Disclosure Letter, there are no commitments or
agreements of any character to which the Company is bound obligating the Company
to accelerate the vesting of any Company Option as a result of the merger.
Except as set forth on Part 2.2(b) of the Company Disclosure Letter, no Company
Option has had its vesting, exercise or exercise price provisions amended or
modified since December 31, 2000 and no Company Option has been issued in
replacement of another Company Option. Part 2.2(b)(2) of the Company Disclosure
Letter sets forth the following information with respect to each Company Warrant
outstanding as of the date of this Agreement: (i) the name of the warrantholder;
(ii) the number of shares of Company Common Stock subject to such Company
Warrant; (iii) the exercise price of such Company Warrant; (iv) the date on
which such Company Warrant was granted or assumed; (v) the date on which such
Company Warrant expires and (vi) whether the exercisability of such warrant will
be accelerated in any way by the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
and indicates the extent of any such acceleration. Company has made available to
Parent an accurate and complete copy of each warrant purchase agreement
evidencing Company Warrants. There are no warrants outstanding to purchase
shares of Company Common Stock, and there are no commitments to issue additional
warrants, other than the warrants listed in Part 2.2(b)(2) of the Company
Disclosure Letter. The minimum and (and assuming all exercisability criteria are
satisfied) maximum number of shares of Company Common Stock issuable to Service
Company LLC (Roadrunner) under warrants granted or issued pursuant to the Web
Hosting Reseller Agreement between Company and Roadrunner dated January 28,
2000, are disclosed in Part 2.2(b)(2) of the Company Disclosure Letter, and
Roadrunner has no other rights to obtain additional warrants or exercise
warrants for additional shares of Company capital stock. All shares of Company
Common Stock subject to issuance as aforesaid, upon issuance on the terms and
conditions specified in the instruments pursuant to which they are issuable,
will be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable.

     (c) Except as set forth on Part 2.2(c) of the Company Disclosure Letter,
all outstanding shares of Company capital stock, all outstanding Company
Options, and all outstanding shares of capital stock of each subsidiary of
Company have been issued and granted in compliance with (i) all applicable
federal and state securities laws and other applicable material Legal
Requirements and (ii) all material requirements set forth in applicable
agreements or instruments. For the purposes of this Agreement, "LEGAL
REQUIREMENTS" means any federal, state, local, municipal, foreign or other law,
statute, constitution, principle of common law, resolution, ordinance, code,
edict, decree, rule, regulation, ruling or requirement issued, enacted, adopted,
                                       A-14

promulgated, implemented or otherwise put into effect by or under the authority
of any Governmental Entity (as defined in Section 2.4).

     2.3  Obligations With Respect to Capital Stock. Except as set forth in Part
2.3 of the Company Disclosure Letter, there are no equity securities,
partnership interests or similar ownership interests of any class of Company
equity security, or any securities exchangeable or convertible into or
exercisable for such equity securities, partnership interests or similar
ownership interests, issued, reserved for issuance or outstanding. Company owns
all of the securities of its subsidiaries identified on Part 2.1 of the Company
Disclosure Letter, free and clear of all claims and Encumbrances, and there are
no other equity securities, partnership interests or similar ownership interests
of any class of equity security of any subsidiary of Company, or any security
exchangeable or convertible into or exercisable for such equity securities,
partnership interests or similar ownership interests, issued, reserved for
issuance or outstanding. For purposes of this Agreement, "ENCUMBRANCES" means
any lien, pledge, hypothecation, charge, mortgage, security interest,
encumbrance, claim, infringement, interference, option, right of first refusal,
preemptive right, community property interest or restriction of any nature
(including any restriction on the voting of any security, any restriction on the
transfer of any security or other asset, any restriction on the receipt of any
income derived from any asset, any restriction on the use of any asset and any
restriction on the possession, exercise or transfer of any other attribute of
ownership of any asset). Except as set forth in Part 2.2 or Part 2.3 of the
Company Disclosure Letter, there are no subscriptions, options, warrants, equity
securities, partnership interests or similar ownership interests, calls, rights
(including preemptive rights), commitments or agreements of any character to
which Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party or by which it is bound
obligating Company or any of its subsidiaries to issue, deliver or sell, or
cause to be issued, delivered or sold, or repurchase, redeem or otherwise
acquire, or cause the repurchase, redemption or acquisition of, any shares of
capital stock, partnership interests or similar ownership interests of Company
or any of its subsidiaries or obligating Company or any of its subsidiaries to
grant, extend, accelerate the vesting of or enter into any such subscription,
option, warrant, equity security, call, right, commitment or agreement. Except
as contemplated by this Agreement or as set forth on Part 2.3 of the Company
Disclosure Letter, there are no registration rights with respect to any equity
security of any class of Company or with respect to any equity security,
partnership interest or similar ownership interest of any class of any of its
subsidiaries. Shareholders of Company will not be entitled to dissenters' or
appraisal rights under applicable state law in connection with the Merger.

     2.4  Authority; Non-Contravention.

     (a) Company has all requisite corporate power and authority to enter into
this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. The
execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby have been duly authorized by all necessary
corporate action on the part of Company, subject only to the approval and
adoption of this Agreement and the approval of the Merger by Company's
shareholders (the "COMPANY SHAREHOLDER APPROVALS") and the filing of the
Delaware Certificate of Merger pursuant to Delaware Law and the filing of the
Georgia Articles of Merger pursuant to Georgia Law. The affirmative vote of the
holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Company Common Stock is
sufficient for Company's shareholders to approve and adopt this Agreement and
approve the Merger, and no other approval of any holder of any securities of
Company is required in connection with the consummation of the Merger. This
Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by Company and, assuming the due
authorization, execution and delivery by Parent and Merger Sub, constitutes the
valid and binding obligation of Company, enforceable against Company in
accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy
and other similar laws affecting the rights of creditors generally and general
principles of equity.

     (b) The execution and delivery of this Agreement by Company does not, and
the performance of this Agreement by Company will not, (i) conflict with or
violate the Company Charter Documents, (ii) subject to obtaining the Company
Shareholder Approvals and compliance with the requirements set forth in Section
2.4(c), conflict with or violate any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or
decree applicable to Company or any of its subsidiaries or by which Company or
any of its subsidiaries or any of their respective properties is bound or
affected, or (iii) result in any breach of or constitute a default (or an event
that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, or
impair Company's rights or alter the rights
                                       A-15

or obligations of any third party under, or give to others any rights of
termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, or result in the
creation of an Encumbrance on any of the properties or assets of Company or any
of its subsidiaries pursuant to, any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, contract,
agreement, lease, license, permit, franchise, concession, or other instrument or
obligation to which Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party or by which
Company or any of its subsidiaries or its or any of their respective assets are
bound or affected, except, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), for such
conflicts, violations, breaches, defaults, impairments, or rights that,
individually or in the aggregate, would not have a Material Adverse Effect on
Company. Part 2.4(b) of the Company Disclosure Letter lists all consents,
waivers and approvals under any of Company's or any of its subsidiaries'
agreements, licenses or leases required to be obtained in connection with the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, which, individually or in
the aggregate, if not obtained, would result in a material loss of benefits to
Company, Parent or the Surviving Corporation as a result of the Merger.

     (c) No consent, approval, order or authorization of, or registration,
declaration or filing with any court, administrative agency or commission or
other governmental authority or instrumentality, foreign or domestic
("GOVERNMENTAL ENTITY") or other person, is required to be obtained or made by
Company in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement or the
consummation of the Merger, except for (i) the filing of the Delaware
Certificate of Merger with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware and
the Georgia Articles of Merger with the Secretary of State of the State of
Georgia and other appropriate documents with the relevant authorities of other
states in which the Company is qualified to do business, (ii) the filing of the
Registration Statement (as defined in Section 2.17) with the Securities and
Exchange Commission ("SEC") in accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended (the "EXCHANGE ACT") and the effectiveness of the Registration
Statement, and a Schedule 13D with regard to the Company Voting Agreement and
the Parent Voting Agreement in accordance with the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended (the "SECURITIES ACT"), and the Exchange Act (iii) such consents,
approvals, orders, authorizations, registrations, declarations and filings as
may be required under applicable federal, foreign and state securities (or
related) laws and the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as
amended (the "HSR ACT"), and the securities or antitrust laws of any foreign
country, and (iv) such other consents, authorizations, filings, approvals and
registrations that if not obtained or made would not be material to the Company,
Parent or the Surviving Corporation or have a material adverse effect on the
ability of the parties hereto to consummate the Merger.

     2.5  SEC Filings; Company Financial Statements.

     (a) Company has filed all forms, reports and documents required to be filed
by Company with the SEC since the effective date of the registration statement
of Company's initial public offering and has made available to Parent such
forms, reports and documents in the form filed with the SEC. All such required
forms, reports and documents (including those that Company may file subsequent
to the date hereof) are referred to herein as the "COMPANY SEC REPORTS." As of
their respective dates, the Company SEC Reports (i) were prepared in accordance
with the requirements of the Securities Act, or the Exchange Act, as the case
may be, and the rules and regulations of the SEC thereunder applicable to such
Company SEC Reports and (ii) did not at the time they were filed (or if amended
or superseded by a filing prior to the date of this Agreement, then on the date
of such filing) contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state
a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the
statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were
made, not misleading, except to the extent corrected prior to the date of this
Agreement by a subsequently filed Company SEC Report. None of Company's
subsidiaries is required to file any forms, reports or other documents with the
SEC.

     (b) Each of the consolidated financial statements (including, in each case,
any related notes thereto) contained in the Company SEC Reports (the "COMPANY
FINANCIALS"), including each Company SEC Report filed after the date hereof
until the Closing, (i) complied as to form in all material respects with the
published rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto, (ii) was
prepared in accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent basis throughout the
periods involved (except as may be indicated in the notes thereto or, in the
case of unaudited interim financial statements, as may be permitted by the SEC
on Form 10-Q, 8-K or any successor form under the Exchange Act) and (iii) fairly
presented the consolidated financial position of
                                       A-16

Company and its subsidiaries as at the respective dates thereof and the
consolidated results of Company's operations and cash flows for the periods
indicated, except that the unaudited interim financial statements may not
contain footnotes and were or are subject to normal and recurring year-end
adjustments. The balance sheet of Company contained in Company SEC Reports as of
December 31, 2000 is hereinafter referred to as the "COMPANY BALANCE SHEET."
Except as disclosed in the Company Financials, since the date of the Company
Balance Sheet, neither Company nor any of its subsidiaries has any liabilities
required under GAAP to be set forth on a balance sheet (absolute, accrued,
contingent or otherwise) that are, individually or in the aggregate, material to
the business, results of operations or financial condition of Company and its
subsidiaries taken as a whole, except for liabilities incurred since the date of
the Company Balance Sheet in the ordinary course of business consistent with
past practices and liabilities incurred in connection with this Agreement.

     (c) Company has heretofore furnished to Parent a complete and correct copy
of any amendments or modifications, which have not yet been filed with the SEC
but which are required to be filed, to agreements, documents or other
instruments that previously had been filed by Company with the SEC pursuant to
the Securities Act or the Exchange Act.

     2.6  Absence of Certain Changes or Events. Except as set forth on Part 2.6
of the Company Disclosure Letter, since the date of the Company Balance Sheet
there has not been: (i) any Material Adverse Effect with respect to Company,
(ii) any declaration, setting aside or payment of any dividend on, or other
distribution (whether in cash, stock or property) in respect of, any of
Company's or any of its subsidiaries' capital stock, or any purchase, redemption
or other acquisition by Company of any of Company's capital stock or any other
securities of Company or its subsidiaries or any options, warrants, calls or
rights to acquire any such shares or other securities except for repurchases
that are not, individually or in the aggregate, material in amount from
employees following their termination pursuant to the terms of their
pre-existing stock option or purchase agreements, (iii) any split, combination
or reclassification of any of Company's or any of its subsidiaries' capital
stock, (iv) any granting by Company or any of its subsidiaries of any material
increase in compensation or fringe benefits to any of their officers or
employees, or any payment by Company or any of its subsidiaries of any bonus to
any of their officers or employees, or any granting by Company or any of its
subsidiaries of any material increase in severance or termination pay, other
than in the ordinary course, consistent with past practice, or any entry by
Company or any of its subsidiaries into, or material modification or amendment
of, any currently effective employment, severance, termination or
indemnification agreement or any agreement the benefits of which are contingent
or the terms of which are materially altered upon the occurrence of a
transaction involving Company of the nature contemplated hereby, (v) any
material change by Company in its accounting methods, principles or practices,
except as required by concurrent changes in GAAP, (vi) any material revaluation
by Company of any of its material assets, including writing off notes or
accounts receivable other than in the ordinary course of business, or (vii) any
material change in the pricing of the fees Company charges for the Company
Services (as defined in Section 2.9(k) below).

     2.7  Taxes.

     (a) Except as set forth on Part 2.7(a) of the Company Disclosure Letter,
Company and each of its subsidiaries have timely filed, or applied for the
extension of the applicable filing deadline, all material federal, state, local
and foreign returns, estimates, information statements and reports ("RETURNS")
relating to Taxes required to be filed by or on behalf of Company and each of
its subsidiaries with any Tax authority, such Returns are true, correct and
complete in all material respects, and Company and each of its subsidiaries have
paid all Taxes shown to be due on such Returns.

     (b) Company and each of its subsidiaries have withheld all federal and
state income taxes, Taxes pursuant to the Federal Insurance Contribution Act
("FICA"), Taxes pursuant to the Federal Unemployment Tax Act ("FUTA") and other
Taxes required to be withheld, except such Taxes that are not material to
Company.

     (c) Other than as set forth in Part 2.7(c) of the Company Disclosure
Letter, neither Company nor any of its subsidiaries has been delinquent in the
payment of any material Tax nor is there any material Tax deficiency
outstanding, proposed or assessed against Company or any of its subsidiaries,
nor has Company or

                                       A-17

any of its subsidiaries executed any unexpired waiver of any statute of
limitations on or extending the period for the assessment or collection of any
Tax.

     (d) Except as set forth on Part 2.7(d) of the Company Disclosure Letter, no
audit or other examination of any Return of Company or any of its subsidiaries
by any Tax authority is presently in progress, nor has Company or any of its
subsidiaries been notified of any request for such an audit or other examination
that is reasonably likely to result in any adjustment that is material to
Company.

     (e) No adjustment relating to any Returns filed by Company or any of its
subsidiaries has been proposed in writing formally or informally by any Tax
authority to Company or any of its subsidiaries or any representative thereof
that is reasonably likely to be material to Company.

     (f) Neither Company nor any of its subsidiaries has any liability for
unpaid Taxes that has not been accrued for or reserved on the Company Balance
Sheet in accordance with GAAP, whether asserted or unasserted, contingent or
otherwise, that is material to Company, other than any liability for unpaid
Taxes that may have accrued since the date of the Company Balance Sheet in
connection with the operation of the business of Company and its subsidiaries in
the ordinary course.

     (g) There is no agreement, plan or arrangement to which Company or any of
its subsidiaries is a party, including this Agreement and the agreements entered
into in connection with this Agreement, covering any employee or former employee
of Company or any of its subsidiaries that, individually or collectively, would
be reasonably likely to give rise to the payment of any amount that would not be
deductible pursuant to Sections 280G, 404 or 162(m) of the Code.

     (h) Neither Company nor any of its subsidiaries has filed any consent
agreement under Section 341(f) of the Code or agreed to have Section 341(f)(2)
of the Code apply to any disposition of a subsection (f) asset (as defined in
Section 341(f)(4) of the Code) owned by Company.

     (i) Neither Company nor any of its subsidiaries is party to or has any
obligation under any tax-sharing, tax indemnity or tax allocation agreement or
arrangement.

     (j) Except as may be required as a result of the Merger, Company and its
subsidiaries have not been and will not be required to include any adjustment in
Taxable income for any Tax period (or portion thereof) pursuant to Section 481
of the Code or any comparable provision under state or foreign Tax laws as a
result of transactions, events or accounting methods employed prior to the
Closing.

     (k) None of Company's or its subsidiaries' assets are tax exempt use
property within the meaning of Section 168(h) of the Code.

     (l) Company has not been distributed in a transaction qualifying under
Section 355 of the Code within the last two years, nor has Company distributed
any corporation in a transaction qualifying under Section 355 of the Code within
the last two years. (m) Company is not aware of any fact, circumstance, plan or
intention on the part of Company that would be reasonably likely to prevent the
Merger from qualifying as a "reorganization" pursuant to the provisions of
Section 368 of the Code.

     For the purposes of this Agreement, "TAX" or "TAXES" refers to (i) any and
all federal, state, local and foreign taxes, assessments and other governmental
charges, duties, impositions and liabilities relating to taxes, including taxes
based upon or measured by gross receipts, income, profits, sales, use and
occupation, and value added, ad valorem, transfer, franchise, withholding,
payroll, recapture, employment, excise and property taxes, together with all
interest, penalties and additions imposed with respect to such amounts, (ii) any
liability for payment of any amounts of the type described in clause (i) as a
result of being a member of an affiliated consolidated, combined or unitary
group, and (iii) any liability for amounts of the type described in clauses (i)
and (ii) as a result of any express or implied obligation to indemnify another
person or as a result of any obligations under any agreements or arrangements
with any other person with respect to such amounts and including any liability
for taxes of a predecessor entity.

                                       A-18

     2.8  Title to Properties.

     (a) Company owns no real property interests. Part 2.8(a) of the Company
Disclosure Letter list all real property leases to which Company is a party and
each amendment thereto that is in effect as of the date of this Agreement that
provide for annual payments in excess of $250,000. All such current leases are
in full force and effect, are valid and effective in all material respects in
accordance with their respective terms, and there is not, under any of such
leases, any existing default or event of default (or event that with notice or
lapse of time, or both, would constitute a default) that would give rise to a
material claim against Company or a termination of such leases.

     (b) Company has good and valid title to, or, in the case of leased
properties and assets, valid leasehold interests in, all of its tangible
properties and assets, real, personal and mixed, used or held for use in its
business, free and clear of any Encumbrances except as set forth in Part 2.8(b)
of the Company Disclosure Letter, except as reflected in the Company Financials
and except for liens for Taxes not yet due and payable and such Encumbrances
that are not material in character, amount or extent.

     2.9  Intellectual Property. For the purposes of this Agreement, the
following terms have the following definitions:

          "INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY" shall mean any or all of the following and all
     rights in, arising out of, or associated therewith: (i) all United States,
     international and foreign patents and applications therefor and all
     reissues, divisions, renewals, extensions, provisionals, continuations and
     continuations-in-part thereof; (ii) all inventions (whether patentable or
     not), invention disclosures, improvements, trade secrets, proprietary
     information, know how, technology, technical data and customer lists, and
     all documentation relating to any of the foregoing; (iii) all copyrights,
     copyrights registrations and applications therefor, and all other rights
     corresponding thereto throughout the world; (iv) all industrial designs and
     any registrations and applications therefor throughout the world; (v) all
     trade names, URLs, rights to domain names, logos, common law trademarks and
     service marks, trademark and service mark registrations and applications
     therefor throughout the world; (vi) all databases and data collections and
     all rights therein throughout the world; (vii) all moral and economic
     rights of authors and inventors, however denominated, throughout the world,
     and (viii) any similar or equivalent rights to any of the foregoing
     anywhere in the world.

          "COMPANY INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY" shall mean any Intellectual Property
     that is owned by, or exclusively licensed to, Company or one of its
     subsidiaries.

          "COMPANY LICENSED INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY" shall mean any Intellectual
     Property that is licensed to Company on a non-exclusive basis and that is
     used in the conduct of its business as currently conducted.

          "COMPANY REGISTERED INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY" means all of the Registered
     Intellectual Property owned by, or filed in the name of, Company or one of
     its subsidiaries.

          "REGISTERED INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY" means all United States,
     international and foreign: (i) patents and patent applications (including
     provisional applications); (ii) registered trademarks, applications to
     register trademarks, intent-to-use applications, or other registrations or
     applications related to trademarks; (iii) registered copyrights and
     applications for copyright registration; (iv) registered domain names; and
     (v) any other Intellectual Property that is the subject of an application,
     certificate, filing, registration or other document issued, filed with, or
     recorded by any Governmental Entity.

          (a) No material Company Intellectual Property, or, except as set forth
     in Part 2.9(a) of the Company Disclosure Letter, no material product or
     service of Company is subject to any proceeding or outstanding decree,
     order, judgment, agreement, or stipulation that restricts in any manner the
     use, transfer, or licensing thereof by Company, or which may affect the
     validity, use or enforceability of such Company Intellectual Property.

          (b) Each material item of Company Registered Intellectual Property is
     valid and subsisting, all necessary registration, maintenance and renewal
     fees currently due in connection with such Registered Intellectual Property
     have been made and all necessary documents, recordations and certificates
     in
                                       A-19

     connection with such Registered Intellectual Property have been filed with
     the relevant patent, copyright, trademark, domain name or other authorities
     in the United States or foreign jurisdictions, as the case may be, for the
     purposes of maintaining such Registered Intellectual Property, except, in
     each case, as would not materially adversely affect such item of Company
     Registered Intellectual Property. Except as set forth in Part 2.9(b) of the
     Company Disclosure Letter, Company has applied for patent and copyright
     protection with respect to each material software program of the Company,
     such registrations, applications or issued patents are listed by number in
     Part 2.9(b) of the Company Disclosure Letter, and copies of such
     registrations, applications and issued patents have been provided to
     Parent's counsel. Company has not disclosed the source code of any material
     software program of the Company to any person except (i) employees of the
     Company bound under written invention assignment and non-disclosure
     agreements and (ii) such other persons bound under written non-disclosure
     agreements, the form(s) of which have been delivered to Parent's counsel.
     Except as set forth in Part 2.9(b) of the Company Disclosure Letter,
     Company retains ownership of all Intellectual Property rights in and to all
     material software programs (including without limitation any derivative
     works thereof), products and services of the Company, and no third party
     has any rights (anywhere in the world) in or to any trade name, URL, domain
     name, logo, common law trademark or service mark, trademark or service mark
     registration or application therefore used by the Company anywhere in the
     world.

          (c) Company or one of its subsidiaries owns and has good and exclusive
     title to, or has license (sufficient for the conduct of its business as
     currently conducted) to, each material item of Company Intellectual
     Property and Company Licensed Intellectual Property free and clear of any
     Encumbrance (excluding licenses and related restrictions).

          (d) Neither Company nor any of its subsidiaries have transferred
     ownership of, or granted any exclusive license with respect to, any
     Intellectual Property that is or was material Company Intellectual
     Property, to any third party.

          (e) Part 2.9(e) of the Company Disclosure Letter lists all material
     contracts, licenses, agreements to which Company is a party (other than
     service agreements with customers of the Company that are in the standard
     form thereof as same has been in effect from time to time, a copy of the
     current form of which has been provided to Parent): (i) with respect to
     Company Intellectual Property licensed or transferred to any third party
     (other than agreements entered into in the ordinary course consistent with
     past practice); (ii) that are material service agreements with customers
     and that are not in the standard form thereof provided to Parent (including
     without limitation any service agreement providing for "99.999%" service
     levels); (iii) all contracts, licenses and agreements to which Company is a
     party pursuant to which a third party has licensed or transferred any
     material Intellectual Property to Company; and (iv) that require Company to
     insure co-located hardware; (except for any contract, license and agreement
     that, if terminated, would not have a Material Adverse Effect on Company).
     There are no material contracts, licenses and agreements to which Company
     is a party with respect to the software, hardware, network and technology
     infrastructure used in Company's business as currently conducted that, if
     terminated, would have a Material Adverse Effect on Company.

          (f) Except as set forth on Part 2.9(f) of the Company Disclosure
     Letter, to Company's knowledge, the operation of the business of Company as
     such business currently is conducted, including Company's design,
     development, marketing and sale of the products or services of Company
     (including with respect to products currently under development) has not
     and does not infringe or misappropriate the Intellectual Property of any
     third party or, to its knowledge, constitute unfair competition or trade
     practices under the laws of any jurisdiction, which, individually or in the
     aggregate, would result in a material liability.

          (g) Company has not received notice from any third party that the
     operation of the business of Company or any act, product or service of
     Company, infringes or misappropriates the Intellectual Property of any
     third party or constitutes unfair competition or trade practices under the
     laws of any jurisdiction, which allegation, if true, would have a Material
     Adverse Effect on Company.

          (h) Except as set forth in Part 2.9(h) of the Company Disclosure
     Letter, to the knowledge of Company, no person has or is infringing or
     misappropriating any material Company Intellectual Property,
                                       A-20

     which infringement or misappropriation, individually or in the aggregate,
     would have a Material Adverse Effect on Company.

          (i) Company and its subsidiaries have taken reasonable steps to
     protect Company's and its subsidiaries' rights in Company's and such
     subsidiaries' confidential information and trade secrets, except where the
     failure to do so would not have a Material Adverse Effect on Company. All
     employees, contractors and consultants of Company and any other third
     parties who have been involved in the development of Company's software,
     products or services have executed invention assignment and confidentiality
     agreements in the form delivered to Parent's counsel, and all employees and
     consultants of Company and other third parties who have access to
     confidential information or trade secrets related to the Company's
     business, including without limitation source code of any software program
     of the Company, have executed appropriate nondisclosure agreements in the
     form delivered to Parent's counsel.

          (j) None of the Company Intellectual Property or product or service of
     Company contains any defect in connection with processing data containing
     dates in leap years or in the year 2000 or any preceding or following
     years, which defects, individually or in the aggregate, would have a
     Material Adverse Effect on Company.

          (k) All material contracts, licenses and agreements relating to: the
     products or service offerings or capabilities of Company and its
     subsidiaries, including material products or service offerings or
     capabilities currently under development (collectively the "COMPANY
     SERVICES"); to material Company Intellectual Property; or to material
     Company Licensed Intellectual Property (collectively, the "KEY
     AGREEMENTS"), are in full force and effect. The consummation of the
     transactions contemplated by this Agreement will neither violate nor result
     in the breach, modification, cancellation, termination, or suspension of
     such contracts, licenses and agreements. Company and each of its
     subsidiaries are in material compliance with, and have not materially
     breached any term of any of the Key Agreements, licenses and agreements
     and, to the knowledge of Company and its subsidiaries, all other parties to
     the Key Agreements are in compliance in all material respects with, and
     have not materially breached any term of, the Key Agreements.

          (l) Following the Closing Date, the Surviving Corporation will be
     permitted to exercise all of Company's rights under the Key Agreements to
     the same extent Company would have been able to had the transactions
     contemplated by this Agreement not occurred and without the payment of any
     additional amounts or consideration other than ongoing fees, royalties or
     payments that Company would otherwise be required to pay.

     2.10  Compliance with Laws.

     (a) Neither Company nor any of its subsidiaries is in conflict with, or in
default or in violation of (i) any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or
decree applicable to Company or any of its subsidiaries or by which Company or
any of its subsidiaries or any of their respective properties is bound or
affected, or (ii) any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, agreement, lease,
license, permit, franchise or other instrument or obligation to which Company or
any of its subsidiaries is a party or by which Company or any of its
subsidiaries or its or any of their respective properties is bound or affected,
except for conflicts, violations and defaults that, individually or in the
aggregate, would not have a Material Adverse Effect on Company. Except as set
forth in Part 2.10(a) of the Company Disclosure Letter, no investigation or
review by any Governmental Entity is pending or, to the Company's knowledge, has
been threatened in a writing delivered to Company against Company or any of its
subsidiaries, nor, to the Company's knowledge, has any Governmental Entity
indicated an intention to conduct an investigation of Company or any of its
subsidiaries. To the Company's knowledge, there is no agreement, judgment,
injunction, order or decree binding upon Company or any of its subsidiaries that
has or could reasonably be expected to have the effect of prohibiting or
materially impairing any material business practice of Company or any of its
subsidiaries, or any acquisition of material property by Company or any of its
subsidiaries.

     (b) Company and its subsidiaries hold all permits, licenses, variances,
exemptions, orders and approvals from governmental authorities that are material
to or required for the operation of the business of Company as

                                       A-21

currently conducted (collectively, the "COMPANY PERMITS"), and are in compliance
with the terms of the Company Permits, except where the failure to hold such
Company Permits, or be in such compliance, would not, individually or in the
aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect on Company.

     2.11  Litigation. Except as set forth on Part 2.11 of the Company
Disclosure Letter, there are no claims, suits, actions or proceedings pending
or, to the knowledge of Company, threatened against, relating to or affecting
Company or any of its subsidiaries, before any Governmental Entity or any
arbitrator that seeks to restrain or enjoin the consummation of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement or which could reasonably be expected, either
singularly or in the aggregate with all such claims, actions or proceedings, to
have a Material Adverse Effect on Company or on the Surviving Corporation
following the Merger or have a material adverse effect on the ability of the
parties hereto to consummate the Merger. No Governmental Entity has at any time
challenged or questioned in a writing delivered to Company the legal right of
Company to conduct its business as currently conducted. As of the date hereof,
to the knowledge of Company, no event has occurred, and no claim, dispute or
other condition or circumstance exists, that will, or that would reasonably be
expected to, cause or provide a bona fide basis for a director or executive
officer of the Company to seek indemnification from the Company under the
Company Charter Documents or any indemnification agreement between Company and
such person.

     2.12  Employee Benefit Plans.

     (a) Definitions. With the exception of the definition of "Affiliate" set
forth in Section 2.12(a)(i) below (which definition shall apply only to this
Section 2.12), for purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall have
the meanings set forth below:

          (i) "AFFILIATE" shall mean any other person or entity under common
     control with Company within the meaning of Section 414(b), (c), (m) or (o)
     of the Code and the regulations issued thereunder;

          (ii) "COMPANY EMPLOYEE PLAN" shall mean any plan, program, policy,
     practice, contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for
     compensation, severance, termination pay, performance awards, stock or
     stock-related awards, fringe benefits or other employee benefits or
     remuneration of any kind, whether written or unwritten or otherwise, funded
     or unfunded, including without limitation, each "EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN,"
     within the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA that is or has been maintained,
     contributed to, or required to be contributed to, by Company or any
     Affiliate for the benefit of any Employee;

          (iii) "COBRA" shall mean the Consolidated Omnibus Budget
     Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended;

          (iv) "DOL" shall mean the Department of Labor;

          (v) "EMPLOYEE" shall mean any current, former, or retired employee,
     officer, or director of Company or any Affiliate;

          (vi) "EMPLOYEE AGREEMENT" shall mean each management, employment,
     severance, consulting, relocation, repatriation, expatriation or similar
     agreement or contract between Company or any Affiliate, and any Employee or
     consultant;

          (vii) "ERISA" shall mean the Employee Retirement Income Security Act
     of 1974, as amended;

          (viii) "FMLA" shall mean the Family Medical Leave Act of 1993, as
     amended;

          (ix) "INTERNATIONAL EMPLOYEE PLAN" shall mean each Company Employee
     Plan that has been adopted or maintained by Company, whether informally or
     formally, for the benefit of Employees outside the United States;

          (x) "IRS" shall mean the Internal Revenue Service;

          (xi) "MULTIEMPLOYER PLAN" shall mean any "Pension Plan" (as defined
     below) that is a "multiemployer plan," as defined in Section 3(37) of
     ERISA;

          (xii) "PBGC" shall mean the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation; and

                                       A-22

          (xiii) "PENSION PLAN" shall mean each Company Employee Plan that is an
     "employee pension benefit plan," within the meaning of Section 3(2) of
     ERISA.

     (b) Schedule. Part 2.12 of the Company Disclosure Letter contains an
accurate and complete list of each Company Employee Plan and each Employee
Agreement. Company does not have any plan or commitment to establish any new
Company Employee Plan, to modify any Company Employee Plan or Employee Agreement
(except to the extent required by law or to conform any such Company Employee
Plan or Employee Agreement to the requirements of any applicable law, in each
case as previously disclosed to Parent in writing, or as required by this
Agreement), or to enter into any Employee Agreement.

     (c) Documents. Company has made available to Parent: (i) correct and
complete copies of all documents embodying each Company Employee Plan and each
Employee Agreement including all amendments thereto; (ii) the most recent annual
actuarial valuations, if any, prepared for each Company Employee Plan; (iii) the
most recent annual report (Form Series 5500 and all schedules and financial
statements attached thereto), if any, required under ERISA or the Code in
connection with each Company Employee Plan or related trust; (iv) if the Company
Employee Plan is funded, the most recent annual and periodic accounting of
Company Employee Plan assets; (v) the most recent summary plan description
together with the summary of material modifications thereto, if any, required
under ERISA with respect to each Company Employee Plan; (vi) all IRS
determination, opinion, notification and advisory letters, and rulings relating
to Company Employee Plans and copies of all applications and correspondence to
or from the IRS or the DOL with respect to any Company Employee Plan; (vii) all
material written agreements relating to each Company Employee Plan; (viii) all
communications material to any Employee or Employees relating to any Company
Employee Plan and any proposed Company Employee Plans, in each case, relating to
any amendments, terminations, establishments, increases or decreases in
benefits, acceleration of payments or vesting schedules or other events that
would result in any material liability to Company; (ix) all COBRA forms and
related notices; and (x) all registration statements and prospectuses prepared
in connection with each Company Employee Plan.

     (d) Employee Plan Compliance. Except, in each case, as would not,
individually or in the aggregate, result in a material liability to the Company,
(i) Company has performed in all material respects all obligations required to
be performed by it under, is not in default or violation of, and has no
knowledge of any default or violation by any other party to, each Company
Employee Plan, and each Company Employee Plan has been established and
maintained in all material respects in accordance with its terms and in
compliance with all applicable laws, statutes, orders, rules and regulations,
including but not limited to ERISA or the Code; (ii) each Company Employee Plan
intended to qualify under Section 401(a) of the Code and each trust intended to
qualify under Section 501(a) of the Code has either received a favorable
determination letter from the IRS with respect to each such Plan as to its
qualified status under the Code or has remaining a period of time under
applicable Treasury regulations or IRS pronouncements in which to apply for such
a determination letter and make any amendments necessary to obtain a favorable
determination and, to the knowledge of the Company, no event has occurred giving
rise to a material likelihood that such Plan would not be treated as qualified
by the IRS, and that such Plan satisfied the requirements of the Tax Reform Act
of 1986 and the GUST amendments; (iii), to the knowledge of the Company, no
"prohibited transaction," within the meaning of Section 4975 of the Code or
Sections 406 and 407 of ERISA, and not otherwise exempt under Section 408 of
ERISA, has occurred with respect to any Company Employee Plan; (iv) there are no
actions, suits or claims pending, or, to the knowledge of Company, threatened or
reasonably anticipated (other than routine claims for benefits) against any
Company Employee Plan or against the assets of any Company Employee Plan; (v)
each Company Employee Plan can be amended, terminated or otherwise discontinued
after the Effective Time in accordance with its terms, without liability to
Parent, Company or any of its Affiliates (other than ordinary administration
expenses typically incurred in a termination event); (vi) there are no audits,
inquiries or proceedings pending or, to the knowledge of Company, threatened by
the IRS or DOL with respect to any Company Employee Plan; (vii) neither Company
nor any Affiliate is subject to any penalty or tax with respect to any Company
Employee Plan under Section 402(i) of ERISA or Sections 4975 through 4980 of the
Code; and (viii) all contributions due from the Company or any Affiliate with
respect to any of the Company Employee Plans have been made as required under
ERISA or have been accrued on the

                                       A-23

Company Balance Sheet, and no further contributions will be due or will have
accrued thereunder as of the Closing Date.

     (e) Pension Plans. Company does not now, nor has it ever, maintained,
established, sponsored, participated in, or contributed to, any Pension Plan
that is subject to Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code, that would
result in material liability to Company.

     (f) Multiemployer Plans. At no time has Company contributed to or been
requested to contribute to any Multiemployer Plan, that would result in material
liability to Company.

     (g) No Post-Employment Obligations. Except as set forth on Part 2.12(g) of
the Company Disclosure Letter, no Company Employee Plan provides, or has any
liability to provide, retiree life insurance, retiree health or other retiree
employee welfare benefits to any person for any reason, except as may be
required by COBRA or other applicable statute, and Company has never
represented, promised or contracted (whether in oral or written form) to any
Employee (either individually or to Employees as a group) or any other person
that such Employee(s) or other person would be provided with retiree life
insurance, retiree health or other retiree employee welfare benefit, except to
the extent required by statute.

     (h) COBRA; FMLA. Neither Company nor any Affiliate has, prior to the
Effective Time, and in any material respect, violated any of the health care
continuation requirements of COBRA, the requirements of FMLA or any similar
provisions of state law applicable to its Employees.

     (i) Effect of Transaction. Except as expressly contemplated by this
Agreement or as set forth on Part 2.12(i) of the Company Disclosure Letter, the
execution of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby will not (either alone or upon the occurrence of any
additional or subsequent events) constitute an event under any Company Employee
Plan, Employee Agreement, trust or loan that will or may result in any payment
(whether of severance pay or otherwise), acceleration, forgiveness of
indebtedness, vesting, distribution, increase in benefits or obligation to fund
benefits with respect to any Employee. Except as set forth on Part 2.12(i) of
the Company Disclosure Letter, no payment or benefit that will or may be made by
Company or its Affiliates with respect to any Employee as a result of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement will be characterized as an "excess
parachute payment," within the meaning of Section 280G(b)(1) of the Code or will
be treated as a nondeductible expense within the meaning of Section 162 of the
Code.

     (j) Employment Matters. Except, in each case, as would not, individually or
in the aggregate, result in a material liability for the Company, Company and
each of its subsidiaries: (i) is in compliance in all material respects with all
applicable foreign, federal, state and local laws, rules and regulations
respecting employment, employment practices, terms and conditions of employment
and wages and hours, in each case, with respect to Employees; (ii) has withheld
all amounts required by law or by agreement to be withheld from the wages,
salaries and other payments to Employees; (iii) has made commercially reasonable
efforts to properly classified independent contractors for purposes of federal
and applicable state tax laws, laws applicable to employee benefits and other
applicable laws; (iv) is not liable for any arrears of wages or any taxes or any
penalty for failure to comply with any of the foregoing; and (v) is not liable
for any material payment to any trust or other fund or to any governmental or
administrative authority, with respect to unemployment compensation benefits,
social security or other benefits or obligations for Employees (other than
routine payments to be made in the normal course of business and consistent with
past practice). There are no pending, or, to Company's knowledge, threatened or
reasonably anticipated claims or actions against Company under any worker's
compensation policy or long-term disability policy. Except as set forth on Part
2.12(j) of the Company Disclosure Letter, to Company's knowledge, no Employee of
Company has violated any employment contract, nondisclosure agreement or
noncompetition agreement by which such Employee is bound due to such Employee
being employed by Company and disclosing to Company or using trade secrets or
proprietary information of any other person or entity, and Company has made
commercially reasonable efforts to correctly classify employees as exempt
employees and non-exempt employees under the Fair Labor Standards Act.

                                       A-24

     (k) Labor. No work stoppage or labor strike against Company is pending,
threatened or reasonably anticipated. Company does not know of any activities or
proceedings of any labor union to organize any Employees. There are no actions,
suits, claims, labor disputes or grievances pending, or, to the knowledge of
Company, threatened or reasonably anticipated claims relating to any labor,
safety or discrimination matters involving any Employee, including charges of
unfair labor practices or discrimination complaints, which, if adversely
determined, would, individually or in the aggregate, result in any material
liability to Company. Neither Company nor any of its subsidiaries has engaged in
any unfair labor practices within the meaning of the National Labor Relations
Act. Company is not presently, nor has it been in the past, a party to, or bound
by, any collective bargaining agreement or union contract with respect to
Employees and no collective bargaining agreement is being negotiated by Company.

     (l) Surrender Fees. No Company Employee Plan will be subject to any
surrender fees or service fees upon termination other than the normal and
reasonable administrative fees associated with the termination of benefit plans.
Company will have no liability to any employee or to any organization or any
other entity as a result of the termination of any employee leasing arrangement.

     2.13  Environmental Matters.

     (a) Hazardous Material. Except as would not have a Material Adverse Effect
on Company, no underground storage tanks and no amount of any substance that has
been designated by any Governmental Entity or by applicable federal, state or
local law to be radioactive, toxic, hazardous or otherwise a danger to health or
the environment, including, without limitation, PCBs, asbestos, petroleum,
urea-formaldehyde and all substances listed as hazardous substances pursuant to
the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of
1980, as amended, or defined as a hazardous waste pursuant to the United States
Resource Conservation and Recovery Act of 1976, as amended, and the regulations
promulgated pursuant to said laws, but excluding office and janitorial supplies
(a "HAZARDOUS MATERIAL") are present, as a result of the actions of Company or
any of its subsidiaries or any affiliate of Company, or, to Company's knowledge,
as a result of any actions of any third party or otherwise, in, on or under any
property, including the land and the improvements, ground water and surface
water thereof that Company or any of its subsidiaries has at any time owned,
operated, occupied or leased.

     (b) Hazardous Materials Activities. Except as would not have a Material
Adverse Effect on Company (in any individual case or in the aggregate) (i)
neither Company nor any of its subsidiaries has transported, stored, used,
manufactured, disposed of released or exposed its employees or others to
Hazardous Materials in violation of any law in effect on or before the Closing
Date, and (ii) neither Company nor any of its subsidiaries has disposed of,
transported, sold, used, released, exposed its employees or others to or
manufactured any product containing a Hazardous Material (collectively
"HAZARDOUS MATERIALS ACTIVITIES") in violation of any rule, regulation, treaty
or statute promulgated by any Governmental Entity in effect prior to or as of
the date hereof to prohibit, regulate or control Hazardous Materials or any
Hazardous Material Activity.

     (c) Permits. Company and its subsidiaries currently hold all environmental
approvals, permits, licenses, clearances and consents ("ENVIRONMENTAL PERMITS")
material to and necessary for the conduct of Company's and its subsidiaries'
Hazardous Material Activities and other businesses of Company and its
subsidiaries as such activities and businesses are currently being conducted.

     (d) Environmental Liabilities. No material action, proceeding, revocation,
amendment procedure, writ or injunction is pending, and to Company's knowledge,
no material action, proceeding, revocation proceeding, amendment procedure, writ
or injunction has been threatened by any Governmental Entity against Company or
any of its subsidiaries in a writing delivered to Company concerning any
Environmental Permit of Company, Hazardous Material or any Hazardous Materials
Activity of Company or any of its subsidiaries. Company is not aware of any fact
or circumstance that reasonably could be expected to involve Company or any of
its subsidiaries in any environmental litigation or impose upon Company any
environmental liability, with such exceptions as would not have a Material
Adverse Effect on Company.

                                       A-25

     2.14  Certain Agreements. Except as set forth in Part 2.14 of the Company
Disclosure Letter or the Company SEC Reports, neither Company nor any of its
subsidiaries is a party to or is bound by:

          (a) any employment or consulting agreement or commitment with any
     employee or member of Company's Board of Directors, that, individually or
     in the aggregate, is material to Company, other than those that are
     terminable by Company or any of its subsidiaries on no more than thirty
     days notice without liability or financial obligation, except to the extent
     general principles of wrongful termination law may limit Company's or any
     of its subsidiaries' ability to terminate employees at will;

          (b) any agreement or plan, including any stock option plan, stock
     appreciation right plan or stock purchase plan, any of the benefits of
     which will be increased, or the vesting of benefits of which will be
     accelerated, by the occurrence of any of the transactions contemplated by
     this Agreement or the value of any of the benefits of which will be
     calculated on the basis of any of the transactions contemplated by this
     Agreement;

          (c) any material agreement of indemnification, any material guaranty
     or any instrument evidencing indebtedness for borrowed money by way of
     direct loan, sale of debt securities, purchase money obligation,
     conditioned sale, or otherwise;

          (d) any agreement, obligation or commitment containing covenants
     purporting to limit or which effectively limit the Company's or any of its
     subsidiaries' freedom to compete in any line of business or in any
     geographic area or which would so limit Company or Surviving Corporation or
     any of its subsidiaries after the Effective Time or granting any exclusive
     distribution or other exclusive rights;

          (e) any agreement or commitment currently in force relating to the
     disposition or acquisition by Company or any of its subsidiaries after the
     date of this Agreement of a material amount of assets not in the ordinary
     course of business, or pursuant to which Company has any material ownership
     or participation interest in any corporation, partnership, joint venture,
     strategic alliance or other business enterprise other than Company's
     subsidiaries;

          (f) any agreement or commitment with any affiliate of the Company that
     is material to the Company; and

          (g) any agreement or commitment currently in force providing for
     capital expenditures by Company or its subsidiaries in excess of
     $250,000.00.

     The agreements required to be disclosed in the Company Disclosure Letter
pursuant to clauses (a) through (g) above or pursuant to Section 2.9 or that are
or would be required to be filed with any Company SEC Report ("COMPANY
CONTRACTS") are valid and in full force and effect, except to the extent that
such invalidity would not have a Material Adverse Effect on Company. Except as
disclosed in the Company Disclosure Letter pursuant to clauses (a) through (g)
above or pursuant to Section 2.9 and except as disclosed in any Company SEC
Report, neither Company nor any of its subsidiaries, nor to Company's knowledge,
any other party thereto, is in breach, violation or default under, and neither
Company nor any of its subsidiaries has received written notice that it has
breached, violated or defaulted, any of the terms or conditions of any Company
Contract in such a manner as would have a Material Adverse Effect on Company.

     2.15  Brokers' and Finders' Fees. Except for fees payable to Bear Stearns &
Co. Inc. pursuant to engagement letters that have been provided to Parent,
Company has not incurred, nor will it incur, directly or indirectly, any
liability for brokerage or finders' fees or agents' commissions or any similar
charges in connection with this Agreement or any transaction contemplated
hereby.

     2.16  Insurance. Company and each of its subsidiaries have policies of
insurance and bonds of the type and in amounts customarily carried by persons
conducting business or owning assets similar to those of the Company and its
subsidiaries. There is no material claim pending under any of such policies or
bonds as to which coverage has been questioned, denied or disputed by the
underwriters of such policies or bonds. All premiums due and payable under all
such policies have been paid and the Company and its subsidiaries are otherwise
in compliance in all material respects with the terms of such policies and
bonds. To the knowledge

                                       A-26

of Company, there has been no threatened termination of, or material premium
increase with respect to, any of such policies.

     2.17  Disclosure. The information supplied by Company for inclusion in the
joint proxy statement and prospectus and Form S-4 (or any similar successor form
thereto) Registration Statement to be filed by Parent with the SEC in connection
with the issuance of Parent Common Stock in the Merger (the "REGISTRATION
STATEMENT") shall not at the time the Registration Statement is filed with the
SEC and at the time it becomes effective under the Securities Act contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required
to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in
light of the circumstances under which they are made, not misleading. The
information supplied by Company for inclusion or incorporation by reference in
the proxy statement and prospectus to be filed with the SEC as part of the
Registration Statement (the "PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS") shall not, on the date
the Proxy Statement/Prospectus is mailed to Company's shareholders or to
Parent's shareholders, at the time of the meeting of Company's shareholders (the
"COMPANY SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING") to consider the Company Shareholder Approvals,
at the time of the meeting of the meeting of Parent's shareholders (the "PARENT
SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING") to consider the Parent Shareholder Approval Matters (as
that term is defined in Section 5.12 hereof) (with Parent Shareholders' approval
of the Parent Shareholder Approval Matters being herein referred to as the
"PARENT SHAREHOLDER APPROVALS"), contain any untrue statement of a material fact
or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in
order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which
they are made, not false or misleading; or omit to state any material fact
necessary to correct any statement in any earlier communication with respect to
the solicitation of proxies for the Company Shareholders' Meeting or Parent
Shareholders' Meeting that has become false or misleading. The Proxy
Statement/Prospectus will comply as to form in all material respects with the
provisions of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations
thereunder. If at any time prior to the Effective Time any event relating to
Company or any of its affiliates, officers or directors should be discovered by
Company that is required to be set forth in an amendment to the Registration
Statement or a supplement to the Proxy Statement/Prospectus, Company shall
promptly inform Parent. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Company makes no
representation or warranty with respect to any information supplied by Parent,
Merger Sub, any of Parent's subsidiaries or any affiliate of the foregoing that
is contained in any of the foregoing documents.

     2.18  Board Approval. The Board of Directors of Company has, as of the date
of this Agreement, (i) determined that the Merger is fair to, and in the best
interests of Company and its shareholders, and has approved this Agreement and
(ii) declared the advisability of the Merger and recommends that the
shareholders of Company approve and adopt this Agreement and approve the Merger.

     2.19  Fairness Opinion. Company's Board of Directors has received a written
opinion from Bear Stearns & Co. Inc., dated as of the date hereof, to the effect
that, as of the date hereof, the Exchange Ratio is fair to Company's
shareholders from a financial point of view, and has delivered to Parent a copy
of such opinion.

     2.20  Takeover Statutes and Rights Agreement Not Applicable. No Georgia, or
to the Company's knowledge, other state's, anti-takeover, control share
acquisition, fair price, moratorium or other similar statute or regulation
(each, a "TAKEOVER STATUTE") applies or purports to apply to this Agreement, the
Merger or the other transactions contemplated hereby. The Rights are not
currently exercisable and will not become exercisable as a result of the Company
entering into this Agreement, the announcement of the execution and delivery of
this Agreement and the terms of the Merger, or the consummation of the Merger.

     2.21  Affiliates. Part 2.21 of the Company Disclosure Letter is a complete
list of those persons who may be deemed to be, in Company's reasonable judgment,
affiliates of Company within the meaning of Rule 145 promulgated under the
Securities Act. Except as set forth in the Company SEC Reports, since the
effective date of the Company's initial public offering, no material event or
material increase in compensation or benefits has occurred as of the date of
this Agreement that would be required to be reported by the Company pursuant to
Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC in the Company's Form 10-K or
Schedule 14A relating to its Annual Meeting of Shareholders.

                                       A-27

     2.22  Supplier and Customer Relationships. To the Company's knowledge, it
has good commercial working relationships with its material customers and
suppliers. Except as disclosed in Part 2.22 of the Company Disclosure Letter, no
customer accounting for more than 5% of the Company's revenues in any month
during the last twelve calendar months ending December 31, 2000 ("MATERIAL
CUSTOMER") has canceled or otherwise terminated its relationship with Company,
decreased or limited materially the amount of product or services ordered from
Company or threatened in writing (or to Company's knowledge orally) to take any
such action.

     2.23  Product and Service Quality. To the Company's knowledge, all services
provided by Company or any Subsidiary to customers on or prior to the Closing
Date conform to applicable contractual commitments, implied warranties not
disclaimed, express warranties, product specifications and quality standards
published by Company or a Subsidiary in all material respects and include
limitations of Company's liability that are tied to the value of the contract.
Neither Company nor any Subsidiary has any material liability (and Company is
not aware of any basis for any present or future action, suit, proceeding,
hearing, investigation, charge, complaint, claim or demand against Company or
any Subsidiary giving rise to any liability) for replacement or repair thereof,
or for the taking of any remedial action with respect thereto or other damages
in connection therewith. Company has not received any written complaint from a
Customer that alleges that Company is in material breach of the customer
contract or the agreed upon service level commitments, except for those that
Company reasonably believes can be addressed without resulting in a material
liability. All material unresolved written complaints received since December
31, 2000 from customers regarding the Company Services, in which the matter
complained about is of a recurring nature relative to more than one customer,
are set out in Part 2.23 of the Company Disclosure Letter in detail reasonably
sufficient to understand the nature of the complaint and the material actions
required to achieve resolution thereof. Company has no material liability for
breach of any service level commitments in excess of reserves therefore in the
Company Balance Sheet. Company has received written contract indemnities, or has
obtained other contractual allowances that were appropriate under the
circumstances, from each of its suppliers and vendors against liabilities that
Company may incur as a result of material defects or deficiencies in such
suppliers' or vendors' products or services or Intellectual Property
infringement relating thereto. The Company's data privacy policy is as set forth
on its web site and in Part 2.23 of the Company Disclosure Letter.

     2.24  Disruptions. Except to the extent disclosed on Part 2.24 to the
Company Disclosure Letter, since December 31, 2000 there has not occurred any
material disruptions to network operations, or any material delays in planned
facility or network build out or construction activities, or any material
performance failures by the Company, or other material service disruptions, that
have resulted in material customer complaints or material breaches of customer
installation commitments, in each case with respect to the Company, which
individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company.
Except as set forth in Part 2.24 of the Company Disclosure Letter, the Company
has in place a formal disaster recovery plan reasonably calculated to ensure
prompt recovery from material disruptions to Company's network operations
without incurring liabilities to customers.

                                  ARTICLE III

            REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PARENT AND MERGER SUB

     As of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date, except (A) as
disclosed in (i) Parent's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ending August
31, 2000 and any Parent SEC Reports (as defined below) filed subsequent to such
Form 10-K, and (ii) the disclosure letter delivered by Parent to Company dated
as of the date hereof and certified by a duly authorized officer of Parent (the
"PARENT DISCLOSURE LETTER") (each Part of which qualifies the correspondingly
numbered representation, warranty or covenant to the extent specified therein
and such other representations, warranties or covenants to the extent a matter
in such Part is disclosed in such a way as to make its relevance to such other
representation, warranty or covenant readily apparent), and (B) with respect to
(x) the Disposition and (y) any sale of Intellectual Property or rights related
thereto, real property of Parent and of SpecTek or related assets to Parent's
parent entity or other transactions described in or contemplated by the
agreement between Parent, and MTI and MEI

                                       A-28

California, Inc. relating thereto ("MTI SALE AGREEMENT"), a copy of which has
been provided to Company), any Payment, any reduction in force or termination of
supplier relationships incident to any of the foregoing, the merger of Parent's
HostPro subsidiary with another wholly-owned Parent subsidiary and related
assumption by Parent of HostPro Options (as defined in Section 6.3(h)), or any
potential acquisition that both Parent and Company approve of in advance in
writing (each, a "MUTUALLY AGREED ACQUISITION"), or any changes in Parent's or
any Subsidiary's financial condition, results of operation, expenses, assets or
liabilities directly resulting from any thereof ("CONTEMPLATED PARENT CHANGES"),
in each case where the same would reasonably constitute an exception to any of
the following representations and warranties, Parent and Merger Sub represent
and warrant as follows:

     3.1  Organization of Parent, Merger Sub and other Subsidiaries.

     (a) Each of Parent and Merger Sub is a corporation duly organized, validly
existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its
incorporation and has all requisite corporate power and authority, and all
requisite qualifications to do business as a foreign corporation, to conduct its
business in the manner in which its business is currently being conducted,
except where the failure to be so organized, existing or in good standing or to
have such power, authority or qualifications would not, individually or in the
aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect on Parent.

     (b) Other than as set forth in Part 3.1 of the Parent Disclosure Letter,
neither Parent nor any of its subsidiaries owns any capital stock of, or any
equity interest of any nature in, any corporation, partnership, joint venture
arrangement or other business entity, other than the entities identified in Part
3.1 of the Parent Disclosure Letter, except for passive investments in equity
interests of public companies as part of the cash management program of Parent.
Neither Parent nor any of its subsidiaries has agreed or is obligated to make,
or is bound by any written, oral or other agreement, contract, subcontract,
lease, binding understanding, instrument, note, option, warranty, purchase
order, license, sublicense, insurance policy, benefit plan or legally binding
commitment or undertaking of any nature, as in effect as of the date hereof or
as may hereinafter be in effect under which it may become obligated to make any
future investment in or capital contribution to any other entity. Neither
Parent, nor any of its subsidiaries, has, at any time, been a general partner of
any general partnership, limited partnership or other entity. Part 3.1 of the
Parent Disclosure Letter indicates the jurisdiction of organization of each
entity listed therein and Company's direct or indirect equity interest therein.

     (c) Parent has delivered or made available to Company a true and correct
copy of the Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws of Parent and Certificate of
Incorporation and Bylaws of Merger Sub, each as amended to date (collectively,
the "PARENT CHARTER DOCUMENTS"), and each such instrument is in full force and
effect. Neither Parent nor Merger Sub is in violation of any of the provisions
of the Parent Charter Documents. Parent has delivered or made available to
Company all proposed or considered amendments to the Parent Charter Documents.

     3.2  Parent and Merger Sub Capitalization.

     (a) The authorized capital stock of Parent consists solely of 150,000,000
shares of Parent Common Stock, of which there were 96,856,165 shares issued and
outstanding as of the close of business on the date hereof. All outstanding
shares of Parent Common Stock are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid
and nonassessable and are not subject to preemptive rights created by statute,
the Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws of Parent or any agreement or document
to which Parent is a party or by which it is bound.

     (b) As of the close of business on March 21, 2001, (i) 8,931,943 shares of
Parent Common Stock are subject to issuance pursuant to outstanding options to
purchase Parent Common Stock for a weighted average aggregate exercise price of
$10.10; (ii) 7,047,100 shares of HostPro, Inc. common stock, $0.01 par value per
share ("HOSTPRO COMMON STOCK") are subject to issuance pursuant to outstanding
options to purchase HostPro Common Stock for a weighted average aggregate
exercise price of $1.51 under HostPro's 2000 Equity Incentive Plans I & II,
which shall be adopted by Parent such that these options to purchase shares of
HostPro Common Stock shall be converted into options to purchase Parent Common
Stock as described in Section 6.3(h); and (iii) 1,456,600 shares of Parent
Common Stock are reserved for future issuance under the

                                       A-29

Parent ESPP. Parent's 1995 Equity Incentive Plan and HostPro's 2000 Equity
Incentive Plans I & II are together referred to as the "PARENT STOCK OPTION
PLANS." Options to purchase Parent Common Stock or HostPro Common Stock pursuant
to the Parent Stock Option Plans are referred to as the "PARENT OPTIONS." Part
3.2(b)(1) of the Parent Disclosure Letter sets forth the following information
with respect to each Parent Option outstanding as of the date of this Agreement:
(i) the name of the optionee; (ii) the number of shares of Parent Common Stock
subject to such Parent Option; (iii) the exercise price of such Parent Option;
(iv) the date on which such Parent Option was granted or assumed; (v) the date
on which such Parent Option expires; (vi) whether the exercisability of such
option will be accelerated in any way by the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, and indicates the extent of any such acceleration; and (vii) whether
such Parent Option remains exercisable at any time after the 90th day after
termination of service. Parent has made available to Company an accurate and
complete copy of the Parent Stock Option Plans and the form of all stock option
agreements evidencing Parent Options. There are no options outstanding to
purchase shares of Parent Common Stock other than pursuant to the Parent Stock
Option Plans. All shares of Parent Common Stock subject to issuance as
aforesaid, upon issuance on the terms and conditions specified in the
instruments pursuant to which they are issuable, will be duly authorized,
validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. Except as set forth on Part 3.2(b)
of the Parent Disclosure Letter, there are no commitments or agreements of any
character to which Parent is bound obligating Parent to accelerate the vesting
of any Parent Option as a result of the merger. All shares of Parent Common
Stock subject to issuance as aforesaid, upon issuance on the terms and
conditions specified in the instruments pursuant to which they are issuable,
will be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. Except as
set forth in Part 3.2(b) of the Parent Disclosure Letter, no Parent Option has
had its vesting, exercise or exercise price provisions amended or modified since
December 31, 2000, and no Parent Option has been issued in replacement of
another Parent Option.

     (c) The authorized capital stock of Merger Sub consists of 1,000 shares of
common stock, $0.01 par value, all of which, as of the date hereof, are issued
and outstanding and are held by Parent. All of the outstanding shares of Merger
Sub's common stock have been duly authorized and validly issued, and are fully
paid and nonassessable. Merger Sub was formed for the purpose of consummating
the Merger and has no material assets or liabilities except as necessary for
such purpose.

     (d) Except as set forth on Part 3.2(d) of the Parent Disclosure Letter, all
outstanding shares of Parent Common Stock, all outstanding Parent Options, and
all outstanding shares of capital stock of each subsidiary of Parent have been
issued and granted in compliance with (i) all applicable federal and state
securities laws and other applicable material Legal Requirements and (ii) all
material requirements set forth in applicable agreements or instruments.

     (e) The Parent Common Stock to be issued in the Merger, when issued in
accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, will be validly issued, fully
paid and nonassessable. There are no statutory or contractual preemptive rights
or rights of first refusal with respect to the issuance of the Parent Common
Stock upon consummation of the Merger.

     (f) Each Subsidiary of Parent is duly organized, validly existing and in
good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation, has all
powers and governmental licenses, authorizations, consents and approvals
required to carry out its business as now conducted, except for those the
absence of which would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material
Adverse Effect on Parent or the Houdini Business.

     3.3  Obligations With Respect to Capital Stock. Except as set forth in Part
3.3 of the Parent Disclosure Letter, there are no equity securities, partnership
interests or similar ownership interests of any class of Parent equity security,
or any securities exchangeable or convertible into or exercisable for such
equity securities, partnership interests or similar ownership interests, issued,
reserved for issuance or outstanding. Except for securities Parent owns, free
and clear of all claims and Encumbrances, directly or indirectly through one or
more subsidiaries, and except for shares of capital stock or other similar
ownership interests of certain subsidiaries of Parent that are owned by certain
nominee equity holders as required by the applicable law of the jurisdiction of
organization of such subsidiaries, as of the date of this Agreement, Parent owns
all equity securities, partnership interests or similar ownership interests of
any class of equity security of each subsidiary

                                       A-30

of Parent, including all securities thereof that are exchangeable or convertible
into or exercisable for such equity securities, partnership interests or similar
ownership interests. Except as set forth in Part 3.2 or Part 3.3 of the Parent
Disclosure Letter, there are no subscriptions, options, warrants, equity
securities, partnership interests or similar ownership interests, calls, rights
(including preemptive rights), commitments or agreements of any character to
which Parent or any of its subsidiaries is a party or by which it is bound
obligating Parent or any of its subsidiaries to issue, deliver or sell, or cause
to be issued, delivered or sold, or repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire, or
cause the repurchase, redemption or acquisition of, any shares of capital stock,
partnership interests or similar ownership interests of Parent or any of its
subsidiaries or obligating Parent or any of its subsidiaries to grant, extend,
accelerate the vesting of or enter into any such subscription, option, warrant,
equity security, call, right, commitment or agreement. Except as contemplated by
this Agreement or as set forth on Part 3.3 of the Parent Disclosure Letter and
except as contemplated by Section 5.20, there are no registration rights with
respect to any equity security of any class of Parent or with respect to any
equity security, partnership interest or similar ownership interest of any class
of any of its subsidiaries.

     3.4  Authority; Non-Contravention.

     (a) Each of Parent and Merger Sub has all requisite corporate power and
authority to enter into this Agreement and to consummate the transactions
contemplated hereby. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the
consummation of the Merger have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate
action on the part of Parent and Merger Sub, subject only to obtaining the
Parent Shareholder Approvals and the filing of the Delaware Certificate of
Merger pursuant to Delaware Law and the Georgia Articles of Merger pursuant to
Georgia Law. The affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the shares of
the Parent Common Stock present, either in person or by proxy, and entitled to
vote at the Parent Shareholders' Meeting, but in any case not less than 25.01%
of the outstanding Parent Common Stock, is sufficient for Parent's shareholders
(i) to approve the issuance of shares of Parent Common Stock pursuant to the
Merger, and (ii) to amend Parent's Articles of Incorporation to increase the
authorized number of shares of Parent Common Stock to 200 million shares (or
such larger number as Parent deems appropriate in light of anticipated future
issuances), and no other approval of any holder of any securities of Company is
required in connection with the consummation of the Merger. This Agreement has
been duly executed and delivered by each of Parent and Merger Sub and, assuming
the due authorization, execution and delivery by Company, constitute the valid
and binding obligations of Parent and Merger Sub, respectively, enforceable
against Parent and Merger Sub in accordance with their terms, except as
enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy and other similar laws affecting the
rights of creditors generally and general principles of equity.

     (b) The execution and delivery of this Agreement by each of Parent and
Merger Sub does not, and the performance of this Agreement by Parent and Merger
Sub will not, (i) subject to obtaining the Parent Shareholder Approvals,
conflict with or violate the Parent Charter Documents, (ii) subject to obtaining
the Parent Shareholder Approvals and compliance with the requirements set forth
in Section 3.4(c), conflict with or violate any law, rule, regulation, order,
judgment or decree applicable to Parent or Merger Sub or any other subsidiary of
Parent or by which any of their respective properties is bound or affected, or
(iii) result in any breach of or constitute a default (or an event that with
notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, or impair
Parent's rights or alter the rights or obligations of any third party under, or
give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or
cancellation of; or result in the creation of an Encumbrance on any of the
properties or assets of Parent or Merger Sub or any other subsidiary of Parent
pursuant to, any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, contract, agreement, lease,
license, permit, franchise, concession or other instrument or obligation to
which Parent or Merger Sub or any other subsidiary of Parent is a party or by
which Parent or Merger Sub or any other subsidiary of Parent or any of their
respective assets are bound or affected, except, in the case of clauses (ii) and
(iii), for such conflicts, violations, breaches, defaults, impairments, or
rights that, individually or in the aggregate, would not have a Material Adverse
Effect on Parent or on the HostPro Business. Part 3.4(b) of the Parent
Disclosure Letter list all consents, waivers and approvals under any of Parent's
or any of its subsidiaries' material agreements, contracts, licenses or leases
required to be obtained in connection with the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby, which, individually or in the aggregate, if not obtained,
would result in a material loss of benefits to Parent or the Surviving
Corporation as a result of the Merger.

                                       A-31

     (c) No consent, approval, order or authorization of, or registration,
declaration or filing with any Governmental Entity or other person is required
to be obtained or made by Parent or Merger Sub in connection with the execution
and delivery of this Agreement or the consummation of the Merger, except for (i)
the filing of the Delaware Certificate of Merger with the Secretary of State of
the State of Delaware and the Georgia Articles of Merger with the Secretary of
State of the State of Georgia and other appropriate documents with the relevant
authorities of other states in which the Company is qualified to do business,
(ii) the filing of the Registration Statement with the SEC and the effectiveness
of the Registration Statement, and a Schedule 13D with regard to the Company
Voting Agreement and the Parent Voting Agreement in accordance with the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "SECURITIES ACT"), and the Exchange Act
(iii) such consents, approvals, orders, authorizations, registrations,
declarations and filings as may be required under applicable federal, foreign
and state securities (or related) laws and the HSR Act and the securities or
antitrust laws of any foreign country, and (iv) such other consents,
authorizations, filings, approvals and registrations that if not obtained or
made would not be material to Parent or the Surviving Corporation or have a
material adverse effect on the ability of the parties hereto to consummate the
Merger.

     3.5  SEC Filings; Parent Financial Statements.

     (a) Parent has filed all forms, reports and documents required to be filed
by Parent with the SEC since August 28, 1997. All such required forms, reports
and documents (including those that Parent may file subsequent to the date
hereof) are referred to herein as the "PARENT SEC REPORTS." As of their
respective dates, the Parent SEC Reports (i) were prepared in accordance with
the requirements of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, as the case may be,
and the rules and regulations of the SEC thereunder applicable to such Parent
SEC Reports, and (ii) did not at the time they were filed (or if amended or
superseded by a filing prior to the date of this Agreement, then on the date of
such filing) contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the
statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were
made, not misleading, except to the extent corrected prior to the date of this
Agreement by a subsequently filed Parent SEC Report. None of Parent's
subsidiaries is required to file any forms, reports or other documents with the
SEC.

     (b) Each of the consolidated financial statements (including, in each case,
any related notes thereto) contained in the Parent SEC Reports (the "PARENT
FINANCIALS"), including any Parent SEC Reports filed after the date hereof until
the Closing, (i) complied as to form in all material respects with the published
rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto, (ii) was prepared in
accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods
involved (except as may be indicated in the notes thereto or, in the case of
unaudited interim financial statements, as may be permitted by the SEC on Form
10-Q, 8-K or any successor form under the Exchange Act, and except that
discontinued operations are reported as discontinued operations required under
GAAP) and (iii) fairly presented the consolidated financial position of Parent
and its subsidiaries as of the respective dates thereof and the consolidated
results of Parent's operations and cash flows for the periods indicated, except
that the unaudited interim financial statements may not contain footnotes and
were or are subject to normal and recurring year-end adjustments, and except
that discontinued operations are reported as discontinued operations required
under GAAP. The balance sheet of Parent contained in Parent SEC Reports as of
November 30, 2000 is hereinafter referred to as the "PARENT BALANCE SHEET."
Except as disclosed in the Parent Financials, since the date of the Parent
Balance Sheet neither Parent nor any of its subsidiaries has any liabilities
required under GAAP to be set forth on a balance sheet (absolute, accrued,
contingent or otherwise) that are, individually or in the aggregate, material to
the business, results of operations or financial condition of Parent and its
subsidiaries taken as a whole, except for liabilities incurred since the date of
the Parent Balance Sheet in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
practices and liabilities incurred in connection with this Agreement.

     (c) Parent has heretofore furnished to Company a complete and correct copy
of any amendments or modifications, which have not yet been filed with the SEC
but which are required to be filed, to agreements, documents or other
instruments that previously had been filed by Parent with the SEC pursuant to
the Securities Act or the Exchange Act.

                                       A-32

     3.6  Absence of Certain Changes or Events. Except as set forth on Part 3.6
of the Parent Disclosure Letter, since the date of the Parent Balance Sheet, and
except for the Contemplated Parent Changes and except as contemplated by Section
1.12 hereof, there has not been (i) any Material Adverse Effect with respect to
Parent, (ii) any declaration, setting aside or payment of any dividend on, or
other distribution (whether in cash, stock or property) in respect of, any of
Parent's or any of its subsidiaries' capital stock, or any purchase, redemption
or other acquisition by Parent of any of Parent's capital stock or any other
securities of Parent or its subsidiaries or any options, warrants, calls or
rights to acquire any such shares or other securities except for repurchases
that are not, individually or in the aggregate, material in amount from
employees following their termination pursuant to the terms of their
pre-existing stock option or purchase agreements, (iii) any split, combination
or reclassification of any of Parent's or any of its subsidiaries' capital
stock, (iv) any granting by Company or any of its subsidiaries of any material
increase in compensation or fringe benefits to any of their officers or
employees, or any payment by Company or any of its subsidiaries of any bonus to
any of their officers or employees, or any granting by Company or any of its
subsidiaries of any material increase in severance or termination pay, other
than in the ordinary course, consistent with past practice, or any entry by
Company or any of its subsidiaries into, or material modification or amendment
of, any currently effective employment, severance, termination or
indemnification agreement or any agreement the benefits of which are contingent
or the terms of which are materially altered upon the occurrence of a
transaction involving Company of the nature contemplated hereby, (v) any
material change by Parent in its accounting methods, principles or practices,
except as required by concurrent changes in GAAP, (vi) any material revaluation
by Parent of any of its material assets, including writing off notes or accounts
receivable other than in the ordinary course of business or (vii) any material
change in the pricing of the fees Parent charges for the HostPro Services (as
defined in Section 3.9(j)).

     3.7  Taxes.

     (a) Parent and each of its subsidiaries have timely filed, or applied for
the extension of the applicable filing deadline, all material Returns relating
to Taxes required to be filed by or on behalf of Parent and each of its
subsidiaries with any Tax authority, such Returns are true, correct and complete
in all material respects, and Parent and each of its subsidiaries have paid all
Taxes shown to be due on such Returns.

     (b) Parent and each of its subsidiaries have withheld all federal and state
income taxes, Taxes pursuant to FICA, Taxes pursuant to FUTA and other Taxes
required to be withheld, except such Taxes that are not material to Parent.

     (c) Neither Parent nor any of its subsidiaries has been delinquent in the
payment of any material Tax nor is there any material Tax deficiency
outstanding, proposed or assessed against Parent or any of its subsidiaries, nor
has Parent or any of its subsidiaries executed any unexpired waiver of any
statute of limitations on or extending the period for the assessment or
collection of any Tax.

     (d) Except as set forth in Part 3.7(c) of the Parent Disclosure Letter, no
audit or other examination of any Return of Parent or any of its subsidiaries by
any Tax authority is presently in progress, nor has Parent or any of its
subsidiaries been notified of any request for such an audit or other examination
that is reasonably likely to result in any adjustment that is material to
Parent.

     (e) No adjustment relating to any Returns filed by Parent or any of its
subsidiaries has been proposed in writing formally or informally by any Tax
authority to Company or any of its subsidiaries or any representative thereof
that is reasonably likely to be material to Parent.

     (f) Neither Parent nor any of its subsidiaries has any liability for unpaid
Taxes that has not been accrued for or reserved on the Parent Balance Sheet in
accordance with GAAP, whether asserted or unasserted, contingent or otherwise,
that is material to Parent, other than any liability for unpaid Taxes that may
have accrued since the date of the Parent Balance Sheet in connection with the
operation of the business of Parent and its subsidiaries in the ordinary course.

     (g) There is no agreement, plan or arrangement to which Parent or any of
its subsidiaries is a party, including this Agreement and the agreements entered
into in connection with this Agreement, covering any employee or former employee
of Parent or any of its subsidiaries that, individually or collectively, would
be
                                       A-33

reasonably likely to give rise to the payment of any amount that would not be
deductible pursuant to Sections 280G, 404 or 162(m) of the Code.

     (h) Neither Parent nor any of its subsidiaries has filed any consent
agreement under Section 341(f) of the Code or agreed to have Section 341(f)(2)
of the Code apply to any disposition of a subsection (f) asset (as defined in
Section 341(f)(4) of the Code) owned by Parent.

     (i) Neither Parent nor any of its subsidiaries is party to or has any
obligation under any tax-sharing, tax indemnity or tax allocation agreement or
arrangement, other than with Parent's parent entity.

     (j) Except as may be required as a result of the Merger, Parent and its
subsidiaries have not been and will not be required to include any adjustment in
Taxable income for any Tax period (or portion thereof) pursuant to Section 481
of the Code or any comparable provision under state or foreign Tax laws as a
result of transactions, events or accounting methods employed prior to the
Closing.

     (k) None of Parent's or its subsidiaries' assets are tax exempt use
property within the meaning of Section 168(h) of the Code.

     (l) Parent has not been distributed in a transaction qualifying under
Section 355 of the Code within the last two years, nor has Parent distributed
any corporation in a transaction qualifying under Section 355 of the Code within
the last two years.

     (m) Parent is not aware of any fact, circumstance, plan or intention on the
part of Parent that would be reasonably likely to prevent the Merger from
qualifying as a "reorganization" pursuant to the provisions of Section 368 of
the Code.

     3.8  Title to Properties.

     (a) Parent has good and valid title to, or, in the case of leased
properties and assets, valid leasehold interests in, all of its tangible
properties and assets, real, personal and mixed, used or held for use in
connection with the HostPro Business, free and clear of any Encumbrances, except
as reflected in the Parent Financials and except for liens for Taxes not yet due
and payable and such Encumbrances that are not material in character, amount or
extent.

     (b) Parent has good and valid title to, or, in the case of leased
properties and assets, valid leasehold interests in, all of its tangible
properties and assets, real, personal and mixed, used or held for use in its
business, free and clear of any Encumbrances, except as reflected in the Parent
Financials and except for liens for Taxes not yet due and payable and such
Encumbrances that are not material in character, amount or extent.

     3.9  Intellectual Property. For the purposes of this Agreement, the
following terms have the following definitions:

          "PARENT INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY" shall mean any Intellectual Property
     that is owned by, or exclusively licensed to, Parent or one of its
     subsidiaries relating to or used in the HostPro Business.

          "PARENT LICENSED INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY" shall mean any Intellectual
     Property that is licensed to Parent on a non-exclusive basis and that is
     used in the conduct of the HostPro Business as currently conducted.

          "PARENT REGISTERED INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY" means all of the Registered
     Intellectual Property owned by, or filed in the name of, Parent or one of
     its subsidiaries relating to or used in the HostPro Business.

     (a) No material Parent Intellectual Property or product or service of
Parent is subject to any proceeding or outstanding decree, order, judgment,
agreement, or stipulation restricting in any manner the use, transfer, or
licensing thereof by Parent, or which may affect the validity, use or
enforceability of such Parent Intellectual Property.

     (b) Each material item of Parent Registered Intellectual Property is valid
and subsisting, all necessary registration, maintenance and renewal fees
currently due in connection with such Registered Intellectual

                                       A-34

Property have been made and all necessary documents, recordations and
certificates in connection with such Registered Intellectual Property have been
filed with the relevant patent, copyright, trademark, domain name or other
authorities in the United States or foreign jurisdictions, as the case may be,
for the purposes of maintaining such Registered Intellectual Property except, in
each case, as would not materially adversely affect such item of Parent
Registered Intellectual Property. Parent has applied for patent and copyright
protection with respect to each material software program of the HostPro
Business, such registrations, applications or issued patents are listed by
number in Part 3.9(b) of the Parent Disclosure Letter, and copies of such
registrations, applications and issued patents have been provided to Company's
counsel. Parent has not disclosed the source code of any material software
program of the HostPro Business to any person except (i) employees of the Parent
or its subsidiaries bound under written invention assignment and non-disclosure
agreements and (ii) such other persons bound under written non-disclosure
agreements, the form(s) of which have been delivered to Company's counsel.
Parent retains ownership of all Parent Intellectual Property rights in and to
all material software programs (including without limitation any derivative
works thereof), products and services of the HostPro Business, and no third
party has any rights (anywhere in the world) in or to any trade name, URL,
domain name, logo, common law trademark or service mark, trademark or service
mark registration or application therefore used by the HostPro Business anywhere
in the world.

     (c) Parent or one of its subsidiaries owns and has good and exclusive title
to, or has license (sufficient for the conduct of its business as currently
conducted and as proposed to be conducted) to, each material item of Parent
Intellectual Property and Parent Licensed Intellectual Property free and clear
of any Encumbrance (excluding licenses and related restrictions).

     (d) Neither Parent nor any of its subsidiaries have transferred ownership
of, or granted any exclusive license with respect to, any Intellectual Property
that is or was material Parent Intellectual Property, to any third party.

     (e) To Parent's knowledge, the operation of the HostPro Business as such
business currently is conducted, including Parent's design, development,
marketing and sale of products or services in connection with the HostPro
Business or any other business of Parent or its subsidiaries (including with
respect to products currently under development) has not, does not and will not
infringe or misappropriate the Intellectual Property of any third party or, to
its knowledge, constitute unfair competition or trade practices under the laws
of any jurisdiction, which, individually or in the aggregate, would result in a
material liability.

     (f) Parent has not received notice from any third party that the operation
of the business of Parent or any act, product or service of Parent, infringes or
misappropriates the Intellectual Property of any third party or constitutes
unfair competition or trade practices under the laws of any jurisdiction, which
allegation, if true, would have a Material Adverse Effect on Parent or the
HostPro Business.

     (g) To the knowledge of Parent, no person has or is infringing or
misappropriating any material Parent Intellectual Property, which infringement
or misappropriation, individually or in the aggregate, would have a Material
Adverse Effect on Parent or the HostPro Business.

     (h) Parent and its subsidiaries have taken reasonable steps to protect
Parent's and its subsidiaries' rights in Parent's and such subsidiaries'
confidential information and trade secrets, except where the failure to do so
would not have a Material Adverse Effect on Parent or the HostPro Business. All
employees, contractors and consultants of Parent and any other third parties who
have been involved in the development of software, products or services offered
in connection with the HostPro Business have executed invention assignment and
confidentiality agreements in the form delivered to Company's counsel, and all
employees and consultants of Parent and other third parties who have access to
confidential information or trade secrets related to the HostPro Business have
executed appropriate nondisclosure agreements in the form delivered to Company's
counsel.

     (i) None of the Parent Intellectual Property or product or service of
Parent contains any significant defect in connection with processing data
containing dates in leap years or in the year 2000 or any preceding or following
years, which defects, individually or in the aggregate, would have a Material
Adverse Effect on Parent or the HostPro Business.

                                       A-35

     (j) All material contracts, licenses and agreements relating to: the
products or service offerings or capabilities of the HostPro Business, including
material products or service offerings or capabilities currently under
development (collectively the "HOSTPRO SERVICES"); to material Parent
Intellectual Property; or to material Parent Licensed Intellectual Property
(collectively, the "KEY HOSTPRO AGREEMENTS"), are in full force and effect. The
consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement will neither
violate nor result in the breach, modification, cancellation, termination, or
suspension of such contracts, licenses and agreements. Parent and each of its
subsidiaries are in material compliance with, and have not materially breached
any term of any of the Key HostPro Agreements, licenses and agreements and, to
the knowledge of Company and its subsidiaries, all other parties to the Key
HostPro Agreements are in compliance in all material respects with, and have not
materially breached any term of, the Key HostPro Agreements.

     3.10  Compliance with Laws.

     (a) Neither Parent nor any of its subsidiaries is in conflict with, or in
default or in violation of (i) any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or
decree applicable to Parent or any of its subsidiaries or by which Parent or any
of its subsidiaries or any of their respective properties is bound or affected,
or (ii) any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, agreement, lease, license, permit,
franchise or other instrument or obligation to which Parent or any of its
subsidiaries is a party or by which Parent or any of its subsidiaries or its or
any of their respective properties is bound or affected, except for conflicts,
violations and defaults that, individually or in the aggregate, would not have a
Material Adverse Effect on Parent or the HostPro Business. Except as set forth
in Part 3.10(a) of the Parent Disclosure Letter, no investigation or review by
any Governmental Entity is pending or, to Parent's knowledge, has been
threatened in a writing delivered to Parent against Parent or any of its
subsidiaries, nor, to Parent's knowledge, has any Governmental Entity indicated
an intention to conduct an investigation of Parent or any of its subsidiaries.
To Parent's knowledge, there is no agreement, judgment, injunction, order or
decree binding upon Parent or any of its subsidiaries that has or could
reasonably be expected to have the effect of prohibiting or materially impairing
any material business practice of Parent or any of its subsidiaries, or any
acquisition of material property by Parent or any of its subsidiaries.

     (b) Parent and its subsidiaries hold all permits, licenses, variances,
exemptions, orders and approvals from governmental authorities that are material
to or required for the operation of the business of Parent as currently
conducted (collectively, the "PARENT PERMITS"), and are in compliance with the
terms of the Parent Permits, except where the failure to hold such Parent
Permits, or be in such compliance, would not, individually or in the aggregate,
have a Material Adverse Effect on Parent or the HostPro Business.

     3.11  Litigation. Except as set forth on Part 3.11 of the Parent Disclosure
Letter, there are no claims, suits, actions or proceedings pending or, to the
knowledge of Parent, threatened against, relating to or affecting Parent or any
of its subsidiaries, before any Governmental Entity or any arbitrator that seeks
to restrain or enjoin the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement or which could reasonably be expected, either singularly or in the
aggregate with all such claims, actions or proceedings, to have a Material
Adverse Effect on Parent or the HostPro Business or have a material adverse
effect on the ability of the parties hereto to consummate the Merger. No
Governmental Entity has at any time challenged or questioned in a writing
delivered to Parent the legal right of Parent to conduct its business as
currently conducted. As of the date hereof, to the knowledge of Parent, no event
has occurred, and no claim, dispute or other condition or circumstance exists,
that will, or that would reasonably be expected to, cause or provide a bona fide
basis for a director or executive officer of Parent to seek indemnification from
Parent under the Parent Charter Documents or any indemnification agreement
between Parent and such person.

     3.12  Employee Benefit Plans.

     (a) Definitions. With the exception of the definition of "Affiliate" set
forth in Section 3.12(a)(i) below (which definition shall apply only to this
Section 3.12), for purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall have
the meanings set forth below:

          (i) "AFFILIATE" shall mean any other person or entity under common
     control with Parent within the meaning of Section 414(b), (c), (m) or (o)
     of the Code and the regulations issued thereunder;

                                       A-36

          (vi) "PARENT EMPLOYEE AGREEMENT" shall mean each management,
     employment, severance, consulting, relocation, repatriation, expatriation
     or similar agreement or contract between Parent or any Affiliate, and any
     Parent Employee or consultant;

          (ii) "PARENT EMPLOYEE PLAN" shall mean any plan, program, policy,
     practice, contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for
     compensation, severance, termination pay, performance awards, stock or
     stock-related awards, fringe benefits or other employee benefits or
     remuneration of any kind, whether written or unwritten or otherwise, funded
     or unfunded, including without limitation, each "EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN,"
     within the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA that is or has been maintained,
     contributed to, or required to be contributed to, by Parent or any
     Affiliate for the benefit of any Employee;

          (iii) "PARENT EMPLOYEES" shall mean any current, former or retired
     employee, officer or director of Parent or any Affiliate;

          (iv) "INTERNATIONAL PARENT EMPLOYEE PLAN" shall mean each Parent
     Employee Plan that has been adopted or maintained by Parent, whether
     informally or formally, for the benefit of Employees outside the United
     States;

          (v) "MULTIEMPLOYER PLAN" shall mean any "PENSION PLAN" (as defined
     below) that is a "multiemployer plan," as defined in Section 3(37) of
     ERISA;

          (vi) "PENSION PLAN" shall mean each Parent Employee Plan that is an
     "employee pension benefit plan," within the meaning of Section 3(2) of
     ERISA.

     (b) Schedule. Part 3.12 of the Parent Disclosure Letter contains an
accurate and complete list of each Parent Employee Plan and each Parent Employee
Agreement. Parent does not have any plan or commitment to establish any new
Parent Employee Plan, to modify any Parent Employee Plan or Parent Employee
Agreement (except to the extent required by law or to conform any such Parent
Employee Plan or Parent Employee Agreement to the requirements of any applicable
law, in each case as previously disclosed to Company in writing, or as required
by this Agreement), or to enter into any Parent Employee Agreement.

     (c) Documents. Parent has made available to Company: (i) correct and
complete copies of all documents embodying each Parent Employee Plan and each
Parent Employee Agreement including all amendments thereto; (ii) the most recent
annual actuarial valuations, if any, prepared for each Parent Employee Plan;
(iii) the most recent annual report (Form Series 5500 and all schedules and
financial statements attached thereto), if any, required under ERISA or the Code
in connection with each Parent Employee Plan or related trust; (iv) if the
Parent Employee Plan is funded, the most recent annual and periodic accounting
of Parent Employee Plan assets; (v) the most recent summary plan description
together with the summary of material modifications thereto, if any, required
under ERISA with respect to each Parent Employee Plan; (vi) all IRS
determination, opinion, notification and advisory letters, and rulings relating
to Parent Employee Plans and copies of all applications and correspondence to or
from the IRS or the DOL with respect to any Parent Employee Plan; (vii) all
material written agreements and contracts relating to each Parent Employee Plan;
(viii) all material communications material to any Parent Employee or Parent
Employees relating to any Parent Employee Plan and any proposed Parent Employee
Plans, in each case, relating to any amendments, terminations, establishments,
increases or decreases in benefits, acceleration of payments or vesting
schedules or other events that would result in any material liability to Parent;
(ix) all COBRA forms and related notices; and (x) all registration statements
and prospectuses prepared in connection with each Parent Employee Plan.

     (d) Employee Plan Compliance. Except, in each case, as would not,
individually or in the aggregate, result in a material liability to Parent, (i)
Parent has performed in all material respects all obligations required to be
performed by it under, is not in default or violation of, and has no knowledge
of any default or violation by any other party to, each Parent Employee Plan,
and each Parent Employee Plan has been established and maintained in material
respects in accordance with its terms and in compliance with all applicable
laws, statutes, orders, rules and regulations, including but not limited to
ERISA or the Code; (ii) each Parent Employee Plan intended to qualify under
Section 401(a) of the Code and each trust intended to qualify under Section
501(a) of the Code has either received a favorable determination letter from the
IRS with respect to
                                       A-37

each such Plan as to its qualified status under the Code or has remaining a
period of time under applicable Treasury regulations or IRS pronouncements in
which to apply for such a determination letter and make any amendments necessary
to obtain a favorable determination and, to the knowledge of Parent, no event
has occurred giving rise to a material likelihood that such Plan would not be
treated as qualified by the IRS, and that such Plan satisfied the requirements
of the Tax Reform Act of 1986 and the Gust Amendments; (iii) the knowledge of
Parent, no "prohibited transaction," within the meaning of Section 4975 of the
Code or Sections 406 and 407 of ERISA, and not otherwise exempt under Section
408 of ERISA, has occurred with respect to any Parent Employee Plan; (iv) there
are no actions, suits or claims pending, or, to the knowledge of Parent,
threatened or reasonably anticipated (other than routine claims for benefits)
against any Parent Employee Plan or against the assets of any Parent Employee
Plan; (v) each Parent Employee Plan can be amended, terminated or otherwise
discontinued after the Effective Time in accordance with its terms, without
liability to Parent or any of its Affiliates (other than ordinary administration
expenses typically incurred in a termination event); (vi) there are no audits,
inquiries or proceedings pending or, to the knowledge of Parent, threatened by
the IRS or DOL with respect to any Parent Employee Plan; (vii) neither Parent
nor any Affiliate is subject to any penalty or tax with respect to any Parent
Employee Plan under Section 402(i) of ERISA or Sections 4975 through 4980 of the
Code; and (viii) all contributions due from the Company or any Affiliate with
respect to any of the Company Employee Plans have been made as required under
ERISA or have been accrued on the Company Balance Sheet.

     (e) Pension Plans. Parent does not now, nor has it ever, maintained,
established, sponsored, participated in, or contributed to, any Pension Plan
that is subject to Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code, that would
result in material liability to Parent.

     (f) Multiemployer Plans. At no time has Parent contributed to or been
requested to contribute to any Multiemployer Plan, that would result in material
liability to Parent.

     (g) No Post-Employment Obligations. Except as set forth on Part 3.12(g) of
the Parent Disclosure Letter, no Parent Employee Plan provides, or has any
liability to provide, retiree life insurance, retiree health or other retiree
employee welfare benefits to any person for any reason, except as may be
required by COBRA or other applicable statute, and Parent has never represented,
promised or contracted (whether in oral or written form) to any Parent Employee
(either individually or to Parent Employees as a group) or any other person that
such Parent Employee(s) or other person would be provided with retiree life
insurance, retiree health or other retiree employee welfare benefit, except to
the extent required by statute.

     (h) COBRA; FMLA. Neither Parent nor any Affiliate has, prior to the
Effective Time, and in any material respect, violated any of the health care
continuation requirements of COBRA, the requirements of FMLA or any similar
provisions of state law applicable to its Employees.

     (i) Effect of Transaction. Except as expressly contemplated by this
Agreement or as set forth on Part 3.12(i) of the Parent Disclosure Letter, the
execution of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby will not (either alone or upon the occurrence of any
additional or subsequent events) constitute an event under any Parent Employee
Plan, trust or loan that will or may result in any payment (whether of severance
pay or otherwise), acceleration, forgiveness of indebtedness, vesting,
distribution, increase in benefits or obligation to fund benefits with respect
to any Parent Employee. Except as set forth on Part 3.12(i) of the Parent
Disclosure Letter, no payment or benefit that will or may be made by Parent or
its Affiliates with respect to any Employee as a result of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement will be characterized as an "excess parachute
payment," within the meaning of Section 280G(b)(1) of the Code or will be
treated as a nondeductible expense within the meaning of Section 162 of the
Code.

     (j) Employment Matters. Except, in each case, as would not, individually or
in the aggregate, result in a material liability to Parent, Parent and each of
its subsidiaries: (i) is in compliance in all material respects with all
applicable foreign, federal, state and local laws, rules and regulations
respecting employment, employment practices, terms and conditions of employment
and wages and hours, in each case, with respect to Employees; (ii) has withheld
all amounts required by law or by agreement to be withheld from the wages,
salaries and other payments to Parent Employees; (iii) has made commercially
reasonable efforts to properly
                                       A-38

classify independent contractors for purposes of federal and applicable state
tax laws, laws applicable to employee benefits and other applicable laws; (iv)
is not liable for any arrears of wages or any taxes or any penalty for failure
to comply with any of the foregoing; and (v) is not liable for any material
payment to any trust or other fund or to any governmental or administrative
authority, with respect to unemployment compensation benefits, social security
or other benefits or obligations for Parent Employees (other than routine
payments to be made in the normal course of business and consistent with past
practice). There are no pending, or, to Parent's knowledge, threatened or
reasonably anticipated claims or actions against Parent under any worker's
compensation policy or long-term disability policy. To Parent's knowledge, no
Parent Employee has violated any employment contract, nondisclosure agreement or
noncompetition agreement by which such Parent Employee is bound due to such
Parent Employee being employed by Parent and disclosing to parent or using trade
secrets or proprietary information of any other person or entity, and Parent has
made commercially reasonable efforts to correctly classify employees as exempt
employees and non-exempt employees under the Fair Labor Standards Act.

     (k) Labor. No work stoppage or labor strike against Parent is pending,
threatened or reasonably anticipated. Parent does not know of any activities or
proceedings of any labor union to organize any Parent Employees. There are no
actions, suits, claims, labor disputes or grievances pending, or, to the
knowledge of Parent, threatened relating to any labor, safety or discrimination
matters involving any Parent Employee, including charges of unfair labor
practices or discrimination complaints, which, if adversely determined, would,
individually or in the aggregate, result in any material liability to Parent.
Neither Parent nor any of its subsidiaries has engaged in any unfair labor
practices within the meaning of the National Labor Relations Act. Parent is not
presently, nor has it been in the past, a party to, or bound by, any collective
bargaining agreement or union contract with respect to Parent Employees and no
collective bargaining agreement is being negotiated by Parent.

     3.13  Environmental Matters.

     (a) Hazardous Material. Except as would not have a Material Adverse Effect
on Parent, no underground storage tanks and no amount of any Hazardous Materials
are present, as a result of the actions of Parent or any of its subsidiaries or
any affiliate of Parent, or, to Parent's knowledge, as a result of any actions
of any third party or otherwise, in, on or under any property, including the
land and the improvements, ground water and surface water thereof that Parent or
any of its subsidiaries has at any time owned, operated, occupied or leased.

     (b) Hazardous Materials Activities. Except as would not have a Material
Adverse Effect on Parent (in any individual case or in the aggregate) (i)
neither Parent nor any of its subsidiaries has transported, stored, used,
manufactured, disposed of released or exposed its employees or others to
Hazardous Materials in violation of any law in effect on or before the Closing
Date, and (ii) neither Parent nor any of its subsidiaries has disposed of,
transported, sold, used, released, exposed its employees or others to or
manufactured any product containing a Hazardous Material in violation of any
rule, regulation, treaty or statute promulgated by any Governmental Entity in
effect prior to or as of the date hereof to prohibit, regulate or control
Hazardous Materials or any Hazardous Material Activity.

     (c) Permits. Parent and its subsidiaries currently hold all Environmental
Permits material to and necessary for the conduct of Parent's and its
subsidiaries' Hazardous Material Activities and other businesses of Parent and
its subsidiaries as such activities and businesses are currently being
conducted.

     (d) Environmental Liabilities. No material action, proceeding, revocation
proceeding, amendment procedure, writ or injunction is pending, and to Parent's
knowledge, no material action, proceeding, revocation proceeding, amendment
procedure, writ or injunction has been threatened by any Governmental Entity
against Parent or any of its subsidiaries in a writing delivered to Parent
concerning any Environmental Permit of Parent, Hazardous Material or any
Hazardous Materials Activity of Parent or any of its subsidiaries. Parent is not
aware of any fact or circumstance that reasonably could be expected to involve
Parent or any subsidiaries in any environmental litigation or impose upon Parent
any material environmental liability, with such exceptions as would not have a
Material Adverse Effect on Parent.

                                       A-39

     3.14  Certain Agreements. Except as set forth in Part 3.14 of the Parent
Disclosure Letter or in the Parent SEC Reports, neither Parent nor any of its
subsidiaries is a party to or is bound by:

          (a) any employment or consulting agreement or commitment with any
     employee of the HostPro Business or member of Parent's Board of Directors,
     that, individually or in the aggregate, is material to the HostPro
     Business, other than those that are terminable by Parent or any of its
     subsidiaries on no more than thirty days notice without liability or
     financial obligation, except to the extent general principles of wrongful
     termination law may limit Parent's or any of its subsidiaries' ability to
     terminate employees at will;

          (b) any agreement or plan, including any stock option plan, stock
     appreciation right plan or stock purchase plan, for employees of the
     HostPro Business, any of the benefits of which will be increased, or the
     vesting of benefits of which will be accelerated, by the occurrence of any
     of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the value of any of
     the benefits of which will be calculated on the basis of any of the
     transactions contemplated by this Agreement;

          (c) any material agreement of indemnification for any employees of the
     HostPro Business, any material guaranty or any instrument evidencing
     indebtedness for borrowed money by way of direct loan, sale of debt
     securities, purchase money obligation, conditioned sale, or otherwise that
     is material to the HostPro Business;

          (d) any agreement, obligation or commitment containing covenants
     purporting to limit or which effectively limit the Parent's or any of its
     subsidiaries' freedom to compete in the HostPro Business or in any
     geographic area or granting any exclusive distribution or other exclusive
     rights with respect thereto; or

          (e) any agreement or commitment currently in force relating to the
     disposition or acquisition by Parent or any of its subsidiaries after the
     date of this Agreement of a material amount of assets not in the ordinary
     course of business (other than in connection with the Contemplated Parent
     Changes (and in that connection, a copy of the MTI Sales Agreement has been
     provided to Company), or pursuant to which Parent has any material
     ownership or participation interest in any corporation, partnership, joint
     venture, strategic alliance or other business enterprise other than
     Parent's subsidiaries; or

          (f) any agreement or commitment with any affiliate of the Parent that
     is material to the HostPro Business; or

          (g) any agreement or commitment related to the HostPro Business
     currently in force providing for capital expenditures by Parent or its
     subsidiaries in excess of $250,000.00.

     The agreements required to be disclosed in the Parent Disclosure Letter
pursuant to clauses (a) through (g) above or pursuant to Section 3.9 or required
to be filed with any Parent SEC Report ("Parent Contracts") are valid and in
full force and effect, except to the extent that such invalidity would not have
a Material Adverse Effect on Parent. Except as disclosed pursuant to clauses (a)
through (g) above or pursuant to Section 2.9 or as disclosed in the Parent SEC
Reports, neither Parent nor any of its subsidiaries, nor to Parent's knowledge,
any other party thereto, is in breach, violation or default under, and neither
Parent nor any of its subsidiaries has received written notice that it has
breached, violated or defaulted, any of the terms or conditions of any Parent
Contract in such a manner as would have a Material Adverse Effect on Parent.

     3.15  Brokers' and Finders' Fees. Except for fees payable to CIBC World
Markets Corp., Parent has not incurred, nor will it incur, directly or
indirectly, any liability for brokerage or finders' fees or agents' commissions
or any similar charges in connection with this Agreement or any transaction
contemplated hereby.

     3.16  Disclosure. The information supplied by Parent for inclusion in the
Registration Statement shall not at the time the Registration Statement is filed
with the SEC and at the time it becomes effective under the Securities Act
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements
therein, in light of the circumstances under which they are made, not
misleading. The information supplied by Parent for inclusion in the Proxy
Statement/ Prospectus shall not, on the date the Proxy Statement/Prospectus is
mailed to Company's shareholders or to
                                       A-40

Parent's shareholders, at the time of the Company Shareholders' Meeting, at the
time of the Parent Shareholders' Meeting or as of the Effective Time, contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements
therein, in light of the circumstances under which they are made, not false or
misleading, or omit to state any material fact necessary to correct any
statement in any earlier communication with respect to the solicitation of
proxies for the Company Shareholders' Meeting or the Parent Shareholders'
Meeting that has become false or misleading. The Registration Statement and
Proxy Statement/Prospectus will comply as to form in all material respects with
the provisions of the Securities Act and the rules and regulations thereunder.
If at any time prior to the Effective Time, any event relating to Parent or any
of its affiliates, officers or directors should be discovered by Parent that is
required to be set forth in an amendment to the Registration Statement or a
supplement to the Proxy Statement/Prospectus, Parent shall promptly inform
Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Parent makes no representation or
warranty with respect to any information supplied by Company or any of its
affiliates that is contained in any of the foregoing documents.

     3.17  Board Approval. The Board of Directors of Parent has, as of the date
of this Agreement, (i) determined that the Merger is fair to, and in the best
interests of Parent and its shareholders, and has approved this Agreement and
(ii) recommends that the shareholders of Parent approve each of the Parent
Shareholder Approval Matters.

     3.18  Fairness Opinion. Parent's Board of Directors has received a written
opinion from CIBC World Markets Corp., dated as of the date hereof, to the
effect that, as of the date hereof, the Exchange Ratio is fair to Parent from a
financial point of view, and has delivered to Company a copy of such opinion.

     3.1