The following provides details about the events leading up to the merger deal between Buca Inc & Planet Hollywood International:
Background of the Offer 

In its ongoing effort to enhance shareholder value, in early 2007 the BUCA Board interviewed
several investment banks to help the BUCA Board identify and consider potential restaurant concepts for acquisition by the Company. The BUCA Board decided to look to this brand acquisition strategy rather than focus solely on internal Company growth
because (1) the Buca di Beppo unit sales at such time were at a level that raised concerns about a strategy that relied solely on this brand for continued growth and (2) of the risks and long lead times involved in developing new
restaurant concepts. The BUCA Board believed that a new concept could help the Company with expansion in existing markets, creating greater operations and management efficiencies in these existing markets. In addition, given the strength and depth
of the Companys management team, the BUCA Board believed that the Company had the capacity and ability to offer substantial integration benefits for another growing restaurant concept. While discussed, the Company did not seriously consider at
that time a possible sale or other similar business combination transaction involving the Company.
After interviewing several investment
banks, the Company retained Piper Jaffray & Co. (Piper Jaffray) in April 2007 to assist it in exploring acquisition possibilities and capital for growth. The related engagement letter with Piper Jaffray was executed on
August 10, 2007. Piper Jaffray contacted a number of acquisition candidates to assess their interest in a transaction with the Company. During this period, the Company executed confidentiality agreements with several parties and performed a
preliminary diligence review with respect to those parties. The BUCA Board had several meetings at which possible acquisitions were discussed with Piper Jaffray and management of the Company. 

At the BUCA Board meeting held on October 5, 2007, the BUCA Board again discussed the Companys acquisition strategy and possible acquisition
candidates. In addition, the BUCA Board discussed with Piper Jaffray the possibility of pursuing other strategic alternatives, including a private sale of Company equity securities to raise additional capital and a sale or other similar business
combination involving the Company. The BUCA Board determined to continue with the acquisition strategy as the best alternative to enhance shareholder value. At the meeting, Faegre & Benson reviewed with the directors their fiduciary duties
under Minnesota law in connection with exploring various strategic alternatives available to the Company. 

While the Company had
preliminary discussions with several parties, none of these possible acquisitions were ultimately pursued by the Company.

During 2007, the
price of the Companys common stock experienced a significant decline. On January 3, 2007, the closing price per share was $4.96, on September 4, 2007 it was $2.32, and by December 17, 2007, the closing price per share was $0.65
per share. In addition, the Company continued to experience difficulty in meeting the financial covenants under its credit agreement. The Company had been in breach of various financial covenants under its credit agreement for each of the first
three quarters of fiscal 2007 and expected that it also would be in breach for the fourth quarter. The Company entered into amendment and waiver agreements with its lender regarding the credit agreement breaches for each of the first three quarters
of fiscal 2007. These amendments and waivers generally included waiving the breaches, adjusting the covenants and the payment of a waiver fee by the Company. The fees paid escalated during 2007, from $25,000 for the amendment and waiver dated
May 4, 2007 to $75,000 for the amendment and waiver dated November 2, 2007. 

In December 2007, the Company began discussions with
its lender regarding the expected covenant breaches in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2007 and the anticipated cash availability needs of the Company for 2008. In connection with these discussions, and at the request of its lender, the Company
provided the lender with a revised cash forecast for 2008. Under the revised forecast, the Company projected significant cash needs during the first quarter of fiscal 2008 and the need for amendments to the credit agreement to help the Company meet
its liquidity requirements throughout 2008. From these discussions, the lender insisted that the Company engage a restructuring advisor to review the Companys business plan for 2008. The Company engaged a restructuring
advisor on December 26, 2007. The advisor conducted a business analysis and review that focused principally on (1) attempting to validate
managements 2008 business plan and turnaround strategy and the working capital projections being furnished to the Companys lender and (2) assist the Company in its relationship with the Companys lender. 

Given these circumstances, at the request of the BUCA Board, on December 20, 2007, Piper Jaffray discussed with the BUCA Board possible strategic
alternatives available to the Company. The alternatives discussed were (1) continuing to run the business substantially as it had in the past, (2) raising additional capital through either an equity offering or debt refinancing,
(3) entering into a sale transaction and (4) pursuing a restructuring of the Company through a voluntary bankruptcy filing. At this meeting, the BUCA Board determined to further explore alternatives, including a possible sale of the
Company, in an effort to maximize shareholder value. The BUCA Board also retained Piper Jaffray as its financial adviser to assist it in exploring the Companys strategic alternatives, subject to negotiation and execution of a mutually
acceptable engagement letter. The Company and Piper Jaffray executed an engagement letter on March 10, 2008. Under the terms of the engagement letter, the Company paid a retainer fee of $75,000 upon execution thereof, currently owes Piper
Jaffray $430,000 for services performed to date under the engagement letter and expects to pay additional fees of $495,000 upon the closing of the Offer (plus reimbursement of expenses, if any). See Item 5 of this Schedule for a discussion of
certain terms of the engagement letter, including of the compensation to be paid to Piper Jaffray. 

On December 21, 2007, we announced
publicly that the BUCA Board had decided to explore strategic alternatives to enhance shareholder value, including but not limited to the raising of capital, a recapitalization, and the combination, sale or merger of the Company.

On January 8, 2008, the Company announced a reduction in workforce eliminating a number of positions at the Companys headquarters. In
addition, the Company began more aggressive discussions with landlords of underperforming restaurants regarding the potential for rent reductions or possible closures.

On January 8, 2008, the Company announced that comparable store sales
for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2007 decreased 2.4%. 

In January and February 2008, the Company prepared a descriptive memorandum to be
provided to potential acquirers. The memorandum discussed the Company and its operations and financial performance. Concurrently with the preparation of the memorandum, Piper Jaffray and the Company identified potential acquirers to be contacted
about their interest in a transaction with the Company, including both strategic buyers that were participants in, or likely to be interested in entering, the restaurant industry, and financial buyers that would likely view acquiring the Company as
an attractive investment opportunity. Piper Jaffray contacted 125 potential acquirers to ascertain their level of interest in a transaction with a company that had the characteristics of Buca. Of this number, 56 potential acquirers, including Planet
Hollywood, expressed an interest in exploring a transaction with the Company. The Company entered into a confidentiality and standstill agreement with each of the 56 parties, including Bay Harbour, a significant shareholder of and lender to Planet
Hollywood, and provided each of them with a copy of the descriptive memorandum and a letter setting forth bidding instructions and a timeline for submitting preliminary indications of interest in acquiring Buca.
On February 8, 2008, the Company received notice from NASDAQ stating that because the Companys shares had traded at below $1.00 per share for
a 30-day period, the Companys common stock would be delisted if, after a period of 180 days, the shares had not then met the minimum trading price requirement. On March 10, 2008, the Company and its lender entered into another amendment
and waiver of the credit agreement to address covenant breaches for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2007 and to reset certain of the financial covenants for subsequent periods. The Company paid a waiver fee of $150,000 to the lender in connection with
the amendment and waiver. On March 11, 2008, the Company reported a net loss of $5.3 million, or ($0.26) per share, in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2007. For the fiscal year 2007, the Company reported a net loss of $16.2 million, or ($0.79) per
share. 

In March 2008, the Company received preliminary, non-binding indications of interest from 11 of the 56
parties that had received the descriptive memorandum, including Planet Hollywood. The preliminary indications of interest contemplated acquisitions of the Company at valuations ranging from $0.10 to $1.50 per Share, with the consideration in each
case to be paid in cash. Planet Hollywood submitted a preliminary indication of interest at $1.30 per Share. On March 26, 2008, the BUCA Board reviewed the preliminary indications of interest that the eleven potential acquirers had submitted
and authorized the Company to invite the seven potential acquirers that indicated interest at the higher levels, including Planet Hollywood, to participate in a due diligence review of the Company.
Each of the seven potential acquirers that were invited met separately in Minneapolis, Minnesota, with Company management, together with representatives
of Piper Jaffray, and were provided with access to the Companys electronic data room. Following the meetings, the Company requested that each of the seven parties submit a formal acquisition proposal and include in the proposal their comments
on a draft merger agreement provided by the Company. The draft merger agreement contemplated an acquisition structure that provided for an initial cash tender offer followed by a second-step merger. 

Six of the potential acquirers submitted a formal written acquisition proposal in May 2008. One party declined to submit a proposal. These formal
proposals provided for acquisitions of the Company at valuations ranging from $0.22 to $1.20 per Share, with all of the proposals providing for cash consideration. Two of the proposals did not include comments on the draft merger agreement and one
included a financing contingency. The Planet Hollywood proposal contemplated a purchase price of $1.20 per share and proposed that the structure be changed to eliminate the tender offer and utilize a one-step merger structure. In addition, Planet
Hollywoods other comments to the draft merger agreement were extensive and raised serious concerns as to whether an acceptable agreement could be reached with Planet Hollywood. Planet Hollywoods proposal contemplated receiving needed
equity from Bay Harbour and requested exclusivity for 45 days. Most of the other five proposals also requested some period of exclusivity. 

On April 8, 2008, the Company announced that comparative store sales for the first quarter of fiscal 2008 had decreased 2.5% and that revenue had decreased 4.3% from the same period in 2007.

The BUCA Board met on May 15, 2008 to discuss the six formal written proposals it had received. At this meeting, Faegre & Benson again
discussed with the directors their fiduciary duties under Minnesota law in connection with pursuing a sale transaction. The BUCA Board instructed Piper Jaffray to undertake further discussions with all of the six potential acquirers and to focus on
the top three in an effort to increase the proposed purchase price and to address other issues or concerns with their proposals. In discussions with Planet Hollywood, in addition to price discussions, the focus was on acquisition structure,
emphasizing the Companys preference for a two-step tender offer, addressing the extensive comments to the draft agreement, exploring the financial viability of Planet Hollywood and the level of commitment from Bay Harbour, and the speed with
which Planet Hollywood could complete its remaining diligence. Bay Harbour had strongly indicated that its commitment would only be for the benefit of Planet Hollywood and that the Company would not be able to rely on the commitment or be a
beneficiary thereof. The discussions with the other potential acquirers focused on increasing their proposed purchase prices, eliminating the financing contingency in one of the proposals and understanding and minimizing the time period to complete
diligence and sign a definitive agreement. The BUCA Board did not grant any of the potential acquirers any period of exclusivity.
Throughout May and June, the Company and Piper Jaffray continued negotiations with the six potential acquirers. After the May 15, 2008 meeting of the BUCA Board, the BUCA Board had another approximately 22 meetings that involved
reports from Piper Jaffray, Faegre & Benson and management regarding the status of the acquisition discussions and the terms proposed, and the BUCA Board provided direction to its advisers regarding the negotiations. On May 21, 2007,
Planet Hollywood provided a revised mark-up of the draft merger agreement that accepted a two-step tender offer structure and otherwise eliminated the comments that caused the most concerns from their earlier draft. In addition, at the request of
Piper Jaffray on the Companys behalf, Planet 

Hollywood provided the Company with certain financial information about Planet Hollywood. However, Bay Harbour continued to insist that the Company not be a
party or beneficiary of its equity commitment to Planet Hollywood. Finally, Planet Hollywood stated that they were unwilling to continue to work on the proposed transaction without a period of exclusivity of approximately 45 days. During this time,
two of the other potential acquirers each increased their proposed purchase price to $1.20 per Share. However, one of these potential acquirers subsequently experienced difficulty in generating the necessary liquidity to complete an acquisition of
the Company, and the other, after performing additional diligence regarding the Company, reduced the proposed purchase price in a transaction to $0.75 per Share and then later to $0.20 per Share. This later reduction by this potential acquirer
reflected, at least in part, the fact that one of the equity participants being relied upon by the party decided to not participate in a transaction.
Throughout this period of potential transaction discussions, the BUCA Board received reports from management and Piper Jaffray regarding operations, financial results and expectations, and the Companys current
and projected liquidity requirements. The BUCA Board received updates regarding the Companys relationship with its lender and of its growing concerns regarding the ability of the Company to satisfy the covenants under the credit agreement and
to generate the cash needed to fund operations. The lender was very interested in the progress of the Companys sales process with Piper Jaffray and requested frequent status reports. During this time, the Company took steps to conserve cash,
including delaying restaurant lease payments and other payables. In addition, in an effort to raise additional funds for working capital purposes, the Company entered into an agreement in April 2008 for the sale and simultaneous leaseback of the
Companys one remaining owned restaurant location. In discussing the sale-leaseback transaction with the Companys lender and seeking its consent to the transaction, the lender ultimately took the position that it was unwilling to provide
such consent unless a substantial portion of the proceeds were used for the repayment of amounts outstanding under the credit agreement and a resulting permanent reduction in availability under the credit agreement. On May 13, 2008, the Company
and the lender agreed to an amendment and waiver that would permit the sale-leaseback transaction but on terms that restricted the Companys ability to use the cash proceeds. The amendment also waived certain financial covenant breaches under
the credit agreement for the first quarter of fiscal 2008. However, the purchasing party under the sale-leaseback agreement terminated the agreement, as permitted under its terms, on June 10, 2008. Without the proceeds from the sale-leaseback,
management and the BUCA Board discussed the serious liquidity conditions facing the Company, particularly in the short-term. Based upon cash forecasts, management discussed with the BUCA Board the likelihood that without additional financing or
consummation of a transaction, the Company would not be able to meet working capital needs in early August 2008. In addition, the BUCA Board discussed with Piper Jaffray the possibility of pursuing a bankruptcy filing as an alternative to addressing
the Companys pressing liquidity issues.
With the termination of the sale-leaseback and without an imminent sale transaction, the
BUCA Board instructed Piper Jaffray to contact parties that might be willing to provide bridge financing to the Company and to discuss the possibility of such financing with the Companys lender. One of the potential acquirers other than Planet
Hollywood expressed interest in providing bridge financing to the Company. However, the terms proposed were not acceptable. In addition, Piper Jaffray contacted a number of potential parties regarding their interest in providing bridge financing to
the Company. The Companys lender informed the Company that it was unlikely that it would consent to any bridge financing that was not done with and in conjunction with the execution of a merger agreement. In addition, in response to the
Companys request for additional availability under the credit agreement, the Companys lender informed the Company in early July 2008 that it was willing to increase such availability but only in an amount of $600,000, and only through
July 29, 2008. In addition, the Companys lender requested immediate payment of a $100,000 fee in connection with the amendment and required that the Company engage a restructuring consultant on or before July 9, 2008. These terms
were not acceptable to the Company, and the Company and the lender did not enter into the proposed amendment. 

In late June, Piper Jaffray
had discussions once again with all of the six potential acquirers to assess their current interest in a transaction with the Company. From these discussions, and of those parties that continued to have a significant interest and expressed an
ability to then finance an acquisition, Planet Hollywood expressed a