URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/842635/000119312504104781/0001193125-04-104781.txt

-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 DZvGZNR0lnqXma5SwuOYZ2UGI+hC1BtJxvRHXoEb3Tm8UB/5UsQfSWP1emZShhwV
 /YFkX85aALKt1KbuNo7CJw==

0001193125-04-104781.txt : 20040618

0001193125-04-104781.hdr.sgml : 20040618

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-04-104781
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	S-4/A
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
FILED AS OF DATE:		20040618

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			LYONDELL CHEMICAL CO
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000842635
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INDUSTRIAL ORGANIC CHEMICALS [2860]
		IRS NUMBER:				954160558
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		S-4/A
		SEC ACT:		1933 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-114877
		FILM NUMBER:		04869767

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1221 MCKINNEY ST
		STREET 2:		STE 700
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77010
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7136527200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1221 MCKINNEY ST
		STREET 2:		SUITE 700
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77010

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	LYONDELL PETROCHEMICAL CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

S-4/A

ds4a.htm

AMENDMENT NO.1 TO FORM S-4

Amendment No.1 to Form S-4



As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 18, 2004 

Registration No. 333-114877 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

AMENDMENT NO. 1 

to 

FORM S-4 

REGISTRATION STATEMENT

UNDER 

THE
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 

LYONDELL CHEMICAL COMPANY 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 

Delaware

95-4160558

(State or other jurisdiction of
incorporation or organization)

(Primary Standard Industrial
Classification Code Number)

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

1221 McKinney Street, Suite 700

Houston, Texas 77010

(713) 652-7200

Kerry A. Galvin

Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary

1221 McKinney Street, Suite 700

Houston, Texas 77010

(713)
652-7200

(Address, including zip code, and telephone

number, including area code, of registrants

principal executive
offices)

(Name, address, including zip code, and telephone

number, including area code, of agent for service)

Copies to:

Stephen A. Massad

Baker Botts L.L.P.

One Shell Plaza

910 Louisiana Street

Houston, Texas 77002

(713) 229-1234

C. William Carmean

Millennium Chemicals Inc.

20 Wight Avenue, Suite 100

Hunt Valley, Maryland 21030

(410)
229-4400

Ellen J. Odoner

Weil, Gotshal & Manges LLP

767 Fifth Avenue

New York, New York

(212)
310-8000

Approximate date of commencement of proposed sale of the securities to the public:
    As soon as
practicable after this Registration Statement becomes effective and all other conditions under the Agreement and Plan of Merger included as 
Annex A
 to the enclosed joint proxy statement/prospectus have been satisfied or waived. 

If the securities being registered on this Form are being offered in
connection with the formation of a holding company and there is compliance with General Instruction G, check the following box.  
 

If this Form is filed to register additional securities for
an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering.  
 

If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective
registration statement for the same offering.  
 

The Registrant hereby amends this Registration Statement on
such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the Registrant shall file a further amendment which specifically states that this Registration Statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance with Section 8(a) of
the Securities Act of 1933 or until the Registration Statement shall become effective on such date as the Commission, acting pursuant to said Section 8(a), may determine. 



The information in this joint proxy statement/prospectus is not complete and may be changed. We may not sell
these securities until the registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission is effective. This joint proxy statement/prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities and it is not soliciting an offer to buy these
securities in any state where the offer or sale is not permitted. 

SUBJECT TO COMPLETION, DATED JUNE 18, 2004 

TRANSACTION
PROPOSEDYOUR VOTE IS VERY IMPORTANT 

Dear Lyondell and Millennium shareholders: 

As we previously announced, our boards of directors have approved a transaction that will combine our two companies to
create the third largest, independent publicly traded U.S. chemical company
 and consolidate ownership of our
Equistar Chemicals, LP joint venture. 

In the proposed
transaction, holders of Millennium common stock will receive between 0.95 and 1.05 shares of Lyondell common stock for each share of Millennium common stock held, depending on the average of the volume-weighted daily average sale prices of Lyondell
common stock for the 20 trading days ending on the third trading day before closing. Existing Lyondell shares will remain outstanding. Shareholders are urged to obtain current market quotations for Lyondell common stock (NYSE symbol LYO)
and Millennium common stock (NYSE symbol MCH). 

The combined company will be named Lyondell Chemical Company and have headquarters in Houston, Texas. Lyondell shareholders will own approximately 72% of the combined company and Millennium shareholders will own approximately 28%, based on
the number of Lyondells and Millenniums outstanding shares on May 31, 2004 and the closing price of Lyondell common stock on May 28, 2004. Dan F. Smith, Lyondells President and Chief Executive Officer, will be the
President and Chief Executive Officer of the combined company. At closing, two independent members of Millenniums current board of directors will join Lyondells board. 

In connection with the proposed transaction, Lyondell is asking its shareholders to approve (1) the issuance of shares
of Lyondell common stock to Millennium shareholders and (2) an amended and restated certificate of incorporation increasing the number of authorized Lyondell shares. Lyondell is also seeking approval of the amendment and restatement of its 1999
incentive plan. Lyondells board of directors unanimously recommends that the Lyondell shareholders approve these proposals. In 
connection with the proposed transaction, Millennium is asking its
shareholders to adopt the Agreement and Plan of Merger dated March 28, 2004, which governs the proposed transaction. Millenniums board of directors unanimously recommends that the Millennium shareholders adopt the agreement and plan of merger
and thereby approve the transactions contemplated in the agreement and plan of merger. 

In considering the recommendation of your companys board of directors, you should be aware that directors and officers of Lyondell and Millennium
have interests in the proposed transaction that are different from, or are in addition to, the interests of Lyondell and Millennium shareholders generally, and that these directors and officers will directly benefit if the proposed transaction is
completed. These interests and benefits are described in the attached joint proxy statement/prospectus. 

We have scheduled separate meetings to be held on                 , 2004
for our respective shareholders to vote on these proposals. The times and places of the meetings are set forth in the attached notices. 

This document provides you with detailed information about the proposed transaction, the proposals and the shareholder meetings. You can also obtain
financial and other information about Lyondell and Millennium from documents they have filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We encourage you to carefully read this entire document and the documents attached hereto and incorporated
herein by reference before voting, particularly the section entitled 

Risk Factors
 beginning on page 24. 

Dan F. Smith 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

Lyondell Chemical Company 

Robert E. Lee 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

Millennium Chemicals Inc.

Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities regulator has approved or disapproved the shares of Lyondell
common stock to be issued in the proposed transaction or determined if this joint proxy statement/prospectus is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. 

This joint proxy statement/prospectus dated
            , 2004 and the related forms of proxy are intended to be sent to the shareholders of Lyondell and Millennium on or about
            , 2004. 



LYONDELL CHEMICAL COMPANY 

1221 McKinney Street, Suite 700 

Houston, Texas 77010 

(713) 652-7200 

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS 

                    , 2004 

To our shareholders: 

We will hold a special meeting of the shareholders of Lyondell Chemical Company in Lyondells General Assembly Room, 42nd Floor, One Houston Center,
1221 McKinney Street, in Houston, Texas, at             on
            ,                , 2004, for the following purposes, as more fully described in the attached
joint proxy statement/prospectus: 

(1)

To consider and approve a proposal to issue Lyondell common stock to the shareholders of Millennium Chemicals Inc. in connection with the transaction contemplated by the Agreement
and Plan of Merger, dated March 28, 2004, among Lyondell, Millennium Chemicals Inc. and Millennium Subsidiary LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Millennium. 

(2)

To consider and approve a proposal to amend and restate Lyondells certificate of incorporation to increase the authorized Lyondell shares (excluding preferred stock) from 420
million shares to 500 million shares. 

Note:
Approval of both Proposals (1) and (2) is a condition to closing the proposed transaction. 

(3)

To consider and approve a proposal to amend and restate Lyondells 1999 incentive plan. 

(4)

To transact any other business as may properly come before the meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof. 

Lyondells board of directors has carefully reviewed and considered
the terms of the proposed transaction, the proposed amended and restated certificate of incorporation and the proposed amended and restated 1999 incentive plan. Lyondells board of directors unanimously recommends that Lyondell shareholders
vote FOR (1) the issuance of Lyondell common stock to Millennium shareholders in the proposed transaction, (2) the proposed amended and restated certificate of incorporation of Lyondell and (3) the proposed amended and restated 1999
incentive plan of Lyondell. In considering the recommendation of Lyondells board of directors, you should be aware that directors and officers of Lyondell have interests in the proposed transaction that are different from, or in addition to,
the interests of Lyondell shareholders generally, and that these directors and officers will directly benefit if the proposed transaction is completed. Please see Proposals to Approve the Proposed TransactionInterests of Certain Persons
in the Proposed Transaction beginning on page 91. Lyondells board of directors was aware of these interests and considered them in approving the agreement and plan of merger and the amendment and restatement of Lyondells
certificate of incorporation. 

Lyondell shareholders of
record at the close of business on                 , 2004 will be entitled to notice of and to vote at the special meeting and any adjournment or postponement thereof.

Attendance at the meeting is limited to Lyondell
shareholders. Admission will be on a first-come, first-serve basis. Registration will begin at      a.m. and the meeting will begin at          a.m. Each shareholder holding shares in
brokerage accounts will need to bring a copy of a brokerage statement reflecting stock ownership as of the record date. Please note that you may be asked to present valid picture identification, such as a drivers license or passport.

Your vote is very important. Please read the attached
joint proxy statement/prospectus. Then, please submit a proxy as soon as possible so that your shares can be voted at the meeting in accordance with your instructions. You may submit your proxy (1) over the Internet, (2) by telephone or (3) by mail.
For specific instructions regarding submitting a proxy, please see the instructions on the enclosed proxy card. You may revoke your proxy at any time before it is voted at the special meeting. 

BY ORDER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS, 

Kerry A. Galvin

Houston, Texas

Secretary

, 2004



MILLENNIUM CHEMICALS INC. 

20 Wight Avenue, Suite 100 

Hunt Valley, Maryland 21030 

(410) 229-4400 

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS 

                , 2004 

To our shareholders: 

We will hold a special meeting of the shareholders of Millennium Chemicals Inc. at Millenniums offices, 20 Wight Avenue, Hunt Valley, Maryland
21030, at                  on                ,
                , 2004, for the following purposes, as more fully described in the attached joint proxy statement/prospectus: 

(1)

To consider and approve a proposal to adopt the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated March 28, 2004, among Lyondell Chemical Company, Millennium and Millennium Subsidiary LLC, a
wholly owned subsidiary of Millennium, pursuant to which Millennium Subsidiary will merge with and into Millennium, and Millennium will become a wholly owned subsidiary of Lyondell. 

(2)

To transact any other business as may properly come before the meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof. 

Millenniums board of directors has carefully reviewed and
considered the terms of the proposed transaction and unanimously recommends that Millennium shareholders vote FOR the adoption of the agreement and plan of merger. In considering the recommendation of Millenniums board of
directors, you should be aware that directors and officers of Millennium have interests in the proposed transaction that are different from, or in addition to, the interests of Millennium shareholders generally, and that these directors and officers
will directly benefit if the proposed transaction is completed. Please see Proposals to Approve the Proposed TransactionInterests of Certain Persons in the Proposed Transaction beginning on page 91. Millenniums board of
directors was aware of these interests and considered them in approving the agreement and plan of merger. 

Millennium shareholders of record at the close of business on
                , 2004 will be entitled to notice of and to vote at the special meeting and any adjournment or postponement thereof. 

Attendance at the meeting is limited to Millennium shareholders.
Admission will be on a first-come, first-serve basis. Registration will begin at          a.m. and the meeting will begin at          a.m. Each shareholder holding
shares in brokerage accounts will need to bring a copy of a brokerage statement reflecting stock ownership as of the record date. Please note that you may be asked to present valid picture identification, such as a drivers license or passport.

Your vote is very important. Please read the attached
joint proxy statement/prospectus. Then, please submit a proxy as soon as possible so that your shares can be voted at the meeting in accordance with your instructions. You may submit your proxy (1) over the Internet, (2) by telephone or (3) by mail.
For specific instructions regarding submitting a proxy, please see the instructions on the enclosed proxy card. You may revoke your proxy at any time before it is voted at the special meeting. 

BY ORDER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS, 

C. William Carmean

Hunt Valley, Maryland

Secretary

, 2004



HOW TO OBTAIN ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 

This joint proxy statement/prospectus incorporates important business and financial information about Lyondell and
Millennium from other documents that are not included in or delivered with this joint proxy statement/prospectus. See Where You Can Find More Information beginning on page 173 for a listing of documents incorporated by reference. This
information is available to you without charge upon your written or oral request. You also can obtain the documents incorporated by reference in this joint proxy statement/prospectus through the Securities and Exchange Commission website at

www.sec.gov
. 

Lyondell
documents are available to any person, including any beneficial owner of Lyondell common stock, upon request directed to Lyondells Investor Relations department, Lyondell Chemical Company, 1221 McKinney Street, Suite 700, Houston, Texas 77010,
telephone (713) 309-4590. 

Millennium documents are
available to any person, including any beneficial owner of Millennium common stock, upon request directed to Millenniums Investor Relations department, Millennium Chemicals Inc., 20 Wight Avenue, Suite 100, Hunt Valley, Maryland 21030,
telephone (410) 229-8113. 

To ensure timely delivery of
these documents, any request by Lyondell shareholders or Millennium shareholders should be made by             , 2004. The exhibits to these documents will generally not be made available
unless they are specifically incorporated by reference in this joint proxy statement/prospectus. 

 

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE 
PROPOSED TRANSACTION

WHO CAN HELP ANSWER QUESTIONS

SUMMARY

The Companies 

Risk Factors 

Structure of the Proposed Transaction 

Organizational Structure After the Proposed Transaction 

The Lyondell Special Meeting 

Lyondell Vote Required for Approval of the Issuance of Shares of Lyondell Common Stock to Millennium Shareholders in Connection with the Proposed Transaction 

Lyondell Vote Required for Approval of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 

Lyondell Vote Required for Approval of the Amended and Restated 1999 Incentive Plan 

Recommendation to Lyondells Shareholders 

The Millennium Special Meeting 

Millennium Vote Required to Adopt the Agreement and Plan of Merger 

Recommendation to Millenniums Shareholders 

Opinion of Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Lyondells Financial Advisor 

Opinion of J.P. Morgan Securities Inc., one of Millenniums Financial Advisors 

Opinion of UBS Securities LLC, one of Millenniums Financial Advisors 

Interests of Certain Persons in the Proposed Transaction 

Summary of the Agreement and Plan of Merger 

Bank Facility Amendments 

Governance of Lyondell After the Proposed Transaction 

Regulatory Matters 

Accounting Treatment 

Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences 

Restrictions on the Ability to Sell Lyondell Common Stock 

No Appraisal Rights 

Comparison of Rights of Shareholders 

i 



Market Price and Dividend Information 

Listing of Lyondell Common Stock 

SUMMARY HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA OF LYONDELL

SUMMARY HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA OF MILLENNIUM

UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED SUMMARY FINANCIAL DATA

UNAUDITED COMPARATIVE HISTORICAL PER SHARE DATA AND UNAUDITED PRO FORMA PER SHARE DATA

RISK FACTORS 

Risks Relating to the Proposed Transaction 

Lyondell and Millennium may not achieve the expected benefits of the proposed transaction. 

The combined company may face difficulties in integrating the operations of Lyondell and Millennium. 

The market price of the shares of Lyondell common stock to be received in the proposed transaction will fluctuate and you may not know the precise exchange ratio at the time you vote on the proposals. 

The increase in trading activity resulting from the increase in shares of Lyondell common stock outstanding after the proposed transaction could cause volatility in the market price of Lyondell common stock, and sales of large
amounts of Lyondell common stock following the proposed transaction could result in a decline in the market price of Lyondell common stock. 

The interests of directors and executive officers of Lyondell and Millennium may differ from, or be in addition to, those of the Lyondell shareholders and Millennium shareholders, respectively. 

The combined company will incur significant costs as a result of the proposed transaction. 

Risks Relating to Debt of the Combined Company Following the Proposed Transaction 

The combined companys consolidated balance sheet will be highly leveraged and it will have risks resulting from significant amounts of debt. 

After the proposed transaction, Lyondell, Millennium and their joint ventures will each continue to require a significant amount of cash to service their indebtedness, and the ability of each of them to generate cash will
depend on many factors beyond their control. 

Debt and other agreements will restrict the ability of Lyondell, Millennium and Equistar to take certain actions and will require Lyondell and Millennium to maintain certain financial ratios. Failure to comply with these
requirements could result in acceleration of debt. 

Debt covenants will limit transfer of cash between Lyondell, Millennium, Equistar and LCR. 

If Lyondells operations do not generate the additional cash needed to pay the additional dividends payable as a result of the issuance of shares in the proposed transaction and any shares of Lyondell common stock issued
in the future, and Lyondell is unable to or does not obtain such cash from its joint ventures or Millennium, then Lyondell will have to either fund the additional dividends using available cash or the proceeds of external financing, if available, or
reduce its per share dividend. 

Without a standby credit facility or alternative financing, Millennium may not have sufficient funds to repurchase any of its 9.25% notes tendered pursuant to a change in control provision in the indenture governing those
notes that will be triggered by the proposed transaction. 

Risks Relating to the Businesses of the Combined Company 

The cyclicality of the chemical and refining industries may cause significant fluctuation in the combined companys operating results. 

Costs of raw materials and energy may result in increased operating expenses and reduced results of operations. 

Millennium has a limited number of suppliers for some of its raw materials, and if one of these suppliers were unable to meet its obligations, Millennium could incur supply shortages or price increases for its raw materials.

Lyondell, Millennium and Equistar will continue to sell commodity products in highly competitive markets and face significant price pressure. 

External factors beyond the control of Lyondell, Millennium and their respective joint ventures can cause fluctuations in demand for their products and in their prices and margins, which may result in lower operating results.

ii 



Operating problems in the businesses of Lyondell, its subsidiaries (including Millennium after the closing) or joint ventures may result in lower operating results. 

The combined companys international operations will be subject to exchange rate fluctuations, exchange controls, political risks and other risks relating to non-U.S. operations. 

LCRs crude oil supply agreement with PDVSA Petrolo, S.A. (PDVSA Oil) is important to LCRs operations because it reduces the volatility of earnings and cash flow. The agreement is currently subject to
litigation and subject to the risk of enforcing judgments against non-U.S. affiliates of a sovereign nation and force majeure risks. 

After the proposed transaction, Lyondell and its subsidiaries (including Millennium) will continue to pursue acquisitions, dispositions and joint ventures. 

Lyondells and Millenniums and their subsidiaries and joint ventures operations and assets are, and, after the proposed transaction, will remain, subject to extensive environmental, health and safety and
other laws and regulations. 

Pending or future legislative initiatives may reduce Lyondells MTBE sales. 

Proceedings relating to the alleged exposure to lead-based paints and lead pigments could require Millennium to expend material amounts in litigation and settlement costs and judgments. 

Risks Relating to Failure to Complete the Proposed Transaction 

If the proposed transaction does not occur, neither company will benefit from the expenses it has incurred in pursuit of the proposed transaction and either company may be subject to a termination fee.

Failure to complete the proposed transaction could cause Lyondells or Millenniums stock price to decline.

DISCLOSURE REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS

INDUSTRY AND OTHER INFORMATION

Lyondell 

Millennium 

THE SPECIAL MEETINGS

Date, Time and Place of the Special Meetings

Purpose of the Special Meetings and Required Vote

Record Date, Shares Entitled to Vote and Quorum

Effect of Abstentions and Broker Non-Votes

Proxies

PROPOSALS TO APPROVE THE PROPOSED TRANSACTION

Structure of the Proposed Transaction

Recommendation of Lyondells Board of Directors

Recommendation of Millenniums Board of Directors

Background of the Proposed Transaction

Lyondells Reasons for the Proposed Transaction

Millenniums Reasons for the Proposed Transaction

Certain Financial Forecasts 

Opinion of Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Lyondells Financial Advisor

Opinion of J.P. Morgan Securities Inc., one of Millenniums Financial Advisors

Opinion of UBS Securities LLC, one of Millenniums Financial Advisors

Interests of Certain Persons in the Proposed Transaction

Exchange of Millennium Common Stock Certificates for Lyondell Common Stock Certificates

No Appraisal Rights

Regulatory Approvals

Bank Facility Amendments

Millennium Standby Facility

Stock Exchange Listings

Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Proposed Transaction

Accounting Treatment

Conversion of Millennium Stock Options and Assumption of Plans

Employee Benefits Matters

iii 



Addition of Two Millennium Directors to Lyondells Board of Directors

Required Vote and Recommendation of Lyondells Board of Directors

Required Vote and Recommendation of Millenniums Board of Directors

PROPOSAL TO APPROVE THE AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION OF LYONDELL

Description of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation

Purposes and Effects of the Proposed Amendment and Restatement of the Certificate of Incorporation

Anticipated Issuance of Lyondell Common Stock in Connection with the Proposed Transaction with Millennium

Potential Effect of Increase in Number of Authorized Lyondell Shares 

Required Vote and Board of Directors Recommendation

SUMMARY OF THE AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

The Proposed Transaction

The Exchange Ratio

Conversion of Millennium Stock Options and Assumption of Plans

Conditions to Complete the Proposed Transaction

Closing and Effective Time of the Proposed Transaction

Covenants and Agreements

Agreement Not to Solicit Other Offers

Listing Application

Resales of Lyondell Common Stock by Affiliates

Expenses and Fees

Indemnification and Insurance

Employee Matters

Reorganization Treatment

Bank Facility Amendments

Representations and Warranties

Amendment and Waiver

Termination of the Agreement and Plan of Merger 

Effect of Termination

BUSINESS OF LYONDELL

BUSINESS OF MILLENNIUM

LYONDELL CHEMICAL COMPANY UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Statement of Income for the Three Months Ended
March 31, 2004 

Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Statement of Income for the Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2003

Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Balance Sheet as of March 31, 2004 

Notes to Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Statements

COMPARATIVE MARKET PRICES AND DIVIDENDS

DESCRIPTION OF LYONDELL CAPITAL STOCK

Common Stock

Preferred Stock

Warrants

Provisions of Lyondells By-Laws

Anti-Takeover Provisions of Lyondells Certificate of Incorporation

Delaware Anti-Takeover Law

Limitation on Directors and Officers Liability

Rights Plan

COMPARISON OF SHAREHOLDER RIGHTS

MATERIAL CONTRACTS BETWEEN LYONDELL AND MILLENNIUM

Asset Contributions to Equistar by Lyondell and Affiliates of Millennium and Occidental

iv 



Transactions between Equistar and Lyondell Methanol Company, L.P.

Transactions between Equistar and LCR

Services and Shared-Site Agreements between Equistar, Lyondell and Affiliates of Millennium and Occidental

Product Transactions between Equistar and Occidental Chemical

Ethylene Sales Agreement between Equistar and Millennium Petrochemicals

Product Transactions between Equistar and Lyondell

Product Transactions between Equistar and Oxy Vinyls, LP

Agreement Regarding Services of Equistars Chief Executive Officer

Indemnity Agreement between Equistar and Millennium America

Debt Instruments of Lyondell Assumed by Equistar

BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF LYONDELL AFTER THE PROPOSED TRANSACTION

Lyondells Current Board of Directors

Addition of Millennium Directors to Lyondells Board of Directors 

Lyondells Current Executive Officers

PROPOSAL TO APPROVE THE AMENDED AND RESTATED 1999 INCENTIVE PLAN

Types of Awards

Administration

Participation and Eligibility

Shares Subject to the Incentive Plan

Terms, Conditions and Limitations of Awards

Exercise of Options

Award Payments

Assignment of Interests Prohibited

Adjustments

Amendment, Modification and Termination

Restrictions

Tax Withholding

Unfunded Plan

Awards Granted Under the Incentive Plan

Federal Income Tax Consequences

Required Vote and Board of Directors Recommendation

Equity Compensation Plan Information

Pro Forma Equity Compensation Plan Information

LEGAL MATTERS

EXPERTS

OTHER BUSINESS

FUTURE SHAREHOLDER MEETINGS

Lyondell 2005 Annual Meeting

Millennium 2004 Annual Meeting 

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT OF LYONDELL

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT OF MILLENNIUM

LYONDELL EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

ANNEXES:

Annex A

Agreement and Plan of Merger

Annex B

Opinion of Citigroup Global Markets Inc.

Annex C

Opinion of J.P. Morgan Securities Inc.

Annex D

Opinion of UBS Securities LLC

Annex E

Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Lyondell Chemical Company

Annex F

Lyondell Chemical Company Amended and Restated 1999 Incentive Plan 

v 



LYONDELL SHARES 

Lyondell has two series of common stock outstanding: original common stock, par value $1.00 per share, which trades on the
New York Stock Exchange, and Series B common stock, par value $1.00 per share, which is not publicly traded. In this joint proxy statement/prospectus: 



The term Lyondell common stock refers only to shares of Lyondell original common stock. 



The term Lyondell Series B common stock refers only to shares of Lyondell Series B common stock. 



The term Lyondell shares refers to shares of Lyondells original common stock and Lyondells Series B common stock as a single class. 

Holders of Lyondell common stock and Lyondell Series B common stock vote together
as one class. For more information about the relative rights of the two series, see Description of Lyondell Capital Stock beginning on page 133. 

In the proposed transaction, holders of Millennium common stock will receive shares of Lyondell common stock. 

vi 



QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE PROPOSED TRANSACTION 

This question-and-answer section highlights selected information included in this joint proxy statement/ prospectus but does not contain all of the information that is important to you as a Lyondell or Millennium
shareholder. You should carefully read this entire joint proxy statement/prospectus, including the Annexes, and the other documents Lyondell and Millennium refer you to for a more complete understanding of the matters being considered at the special
meetings. In addition, Lyondell and Millennium incorporate by reference important business and financial information about Lyondell and Millennium into this joint proxy statement/prospectus. You may obtain the information incorporated by reference
into this joint proxy statement/prospectus without charge by following the instructions in the section entitled Where You Can Find More Information beginning on page 173. 

Q:    What is the proposed transaction? 

A:    On March 28, 2004, Lyondell, Millennium, and Millennium Subsidiary LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Millennium, entered into an agreement and
plan of merger providing for a stock-for-stock business combination. The agreement provides that Millennium Subsidiary will merge into Millennium, subject to the conditions in the agreement. In the merger, Millenniums common stock will be
converted into the right to receive Lyondell common stock, and one share of Millennium preferred stock (valued at approximately $1,000) to be issued to Lyondell immediately before the merger will be converted into common stock of Millennium. As a
result, Millennium will become a wholly owned subsidiary of Lyondell. 

Q:    Why are Lyondell and Millennium proposing the transaction? 

A:    Completing the proposed transaction will create the third largest, independent publicly traded U.S. chemical company, with leading positions in propylene oxide and derivatives, ethylene,
propylene, polyethylene, titanium dioxide (TiO

) and acetyls, and will consolidate Lyondells and
Millenniums ownership of their Equistar Chemicals joint venture. Well positioned globally, the combined company will have significant leverage to the petrochemical cycle, allowing the shareholders to take better advantage of a recovery in the
petrochemical cycle. Lyondell and Millennium believe that the synergies captured through the integration of the operations of the two companies, and the size, breadth and depth of the larger combined company, will allow for greater future cash
generation than either company could achieve on a stand-alone basis. Accordingly, the respective boards of directors of Lyondell and 
Millennium believe that the proposed transaction will benefit the
shareholders of both companies, and Lyondell and Millennium ask for your support in voting for the proposals at their respective special meetings. 

Q:    How will the number of shares to be issued to Millennium shareholders be determined? 

A:    As described in Summary of the Agreement and Plan of
MergerThe Exchange Ratio beginning on page 109, Millennium shareholders will receive between 0.95 and 1.05 shares of Lyondell common stock for each share of Millennium common stock, depending on the average of the volume-weighted average
sale prices of Lyondell common stock for the 20 trading days ending on the third trading day before the closing of the proposed transaction. Millennium shareholders will receive 0.95 of a share of Lyondell common stock for each share of Millennium
common stock if that average price is $20.50 or greater and 1.05 shares of Lyondell common stock if that average price is $16.50 or less. Between these two average prices, the exchange ratio will be proportionately adjusted between 0.95 and 1.05.
Millennium shareholders will receive cash for fractional shares of Lyondell common stock, net of expenses. 

If the average of the volume-weighted average sale prices of Lyondell common stock for the 20 trading days ending on the third trading day before the
closing of the proposed transaction is $16.50 or less, Lyondell will issue to Millennium shareholders approximately 69 million shares of Lyondell common stock, based on the number of Millennium shares outstanding as of May 31, 2004. If the average



is $20.50 or higher, Lyondell will issue approximately 62 million shares of Lyondell common stock to Millennium shareholders, based on the number of
Millennium shares outstanding as of May 31, 2004. If the closing had occurred on June 1, 2004, the exchange ratio would have been 1.05 shares of Lyondell common stock for each share of Millennium common stock outstanding, and, based on the number of
Millennium shares outstanding as of May 31, 2004, Lyondell would have issued approximately 69 million shares of Lyondell common stock to Millennium shareholders. For purposes of this joint proxy statement/prospectus, the number of Millennium shares
outstanding includes 418,040 shares held in Millenniums rabbi trusts at May 31, 2004 for distribution to current and former employees. 

The actual exchange ratio and the number of shares of Lyondell common stock to be issued at closing may differ from this example because the actual
exchange ratio will not be determinable until the third trading day before the closing of the proposed transaction. In addition, the number of shares issued would be increased by 1.9 to 2.1 million (depending on the exchange ratio) if all of
Millenniums outstanding stock options (including 0.4 million of options with an exercise price in excess of the May 31, 2004 market price) are exercised for shares before closing and by an additional 10.5 to 11.6 million (depending on the
exchange ratio) if Millenniums convertible debentures become convertible and are converted before closing. The debentures are not currently convertible and will become convertible only under specified circumstances, including circumstances
related to the market price of Millennium common stock (or, after the proposed transaction, Lyondell common stock) and the market price and credit ratings of the convertible debentures. 

Q:    What matters will be considered at the special meetings?

A:    
Lyondell Shareholders:
  At the
Lyondell special meeting, Lyondell shareholders will be asked to vote FOR (1) the issuance of Lyondell common stock to Millennium shareholders in the proposed transaction, (2) the amended and restated certificate of incorporation of
Lyondell increasing the authorized Lyondell shares (excluding preferred stock) from 420 
million to 500 million shares, and (3) the amended and restated 1999 incentive plan of Lyondell. Approval of
Proposals (1) and (2) is a condition to closing the proposed transaction. Approval of Proposal (3) is not a condition to the proposed transaction. 

Millennium Shareholders:
  At the Millennium special meeting, Millennium shareholders will be asked to adopt the agreement and plan of merger. Approval of
this proposal is a condition to closing the proposed transaction. 

Q:    Why does Lyondell want to increase the number of authorized Lyondell shares? 

A:    Lyondell currently is authorized to issue 340 million shares of Lyondell common stock and 80 million shares of Lyondell Series B common stock.
As of May 31, 2004, approximately 140.6 million shares of Lyondell common stock were issued and outstanding and approximately 43.4 million shares were reserved for issuance upon conversion of outstanding shares of Lyondell Series B common stock to
shares of Lyondell common stock and in connection with outstanding warrants. We anticipate reserving approximately 78 million to 87 million shares of Lyondell common stock to be issued in connection with the proposed transaction (including shares to
be reserved for issuance in connection with Millenniums stock options and convertible debentures). Accordingly, after the increase in authorized shares and completion of the proposed transaction, the number of authorized but unissued and
unreserved shares of Lyondell common stock will not be significantly different from what it is today. For more detail, please see Proposal to Approve the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Lyondell beginning on page
106. 

Q:    Why is Lyondell shareholder approval
necessary to issue Lyondell common stock to Millenniums shareholders? 

A:    Lyondells listing agreement with the New York Stock Exchange requires shareholder approval for the issuance of shares of common stock equal to 20% or more of the issued and outstanding Lyondell shares.
Lyondell will issue a number of shares of Lyondell common stock exceeding that amount to Millennium shareholders in the proposed transaction. 



Q:    What vote is required to approve the proposals? 

A:    
Lyondell Shareholders:
  In order to approve
Lyondell Proposal (1) to issue Lyondell common stock to Millennium shareholders in connection with the proposed transaction and Lyondell Proposal (3) to amend and restate Lyondells 1999 incentive plan, the affirmative vote of at least a
majority of the votes cast thereon at the special meeting is required, provided the total votes cast represent at least 50% of the outstanding Lyondell shares. In order to approve Lyondell Proposal (2) to amend and restate Lyondells
certificate of incorporation to increase the number of authorized Lyondell shares, the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the outstanding Lyondell shares is required. In each case, all outstanding Lyondell shares, including shares of
Lyondell Series B common stock, will vote as a single class. 

Millennium
Shareholders:
  In order to approve the Millennium proposal to adopt the agreement and plan of merger, the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the outstanding shares of Millennium common stock is required. 

Q:    When will the closing occur? 

A:    The closing will occur shortly after the shareholder
meetings, assuming that the necessary shareholder approvals are obtained and all other conditions have been satisfied or waived. 

Q:    What do I need to do now? 

A:    Both companies special meetings will take place
on                ,                , 2004. After carefully reading and considering the
information contained in this joint proxy statement/prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference herein, please mail your signed proxy card in the enclosed postage-paid envelope or submit your proxy by telephone or over the Internet, as
soon as possible, so that your shares may be represented at your companys special meeting. In order to ensure that your proxy is received, please submit your proxy as instructed on your proxy card even if you currently plan to attend your
companys special meeting in person. 

Q:    What vote does my board of directors recommend? 

A:    Lyondells board of directors unanimously recommends that
Lyondells shareholders vote in favor of all three proposals to be presented at its special meeting. 

Millenniums board of directors unanimously recommends that Millenniums shareholders vote in favor of the proposal to be presented at its
special meeting. 

In considering the recommendation of your
companys board of directors, you should be aware that directors and officers of Lyondell and Millennium have interests in the proposed transaction that are different from, or are in addition to, the interests of Lyondell and Millennium
shareholders generally, and that these directors and officers will directly benefit if the proposed transaction is completed. These interests and benefits are described in the joint proxy statement/prospectus under Proposals to Approve the
Proposed TransactionsInterests of Certain Persons in the Proposed Transaction beginning on page 91. 

Q:    What should I do if I want to change my vote? 

A:    You can change your vote at any time before your proxy is voted at your companys special meeting. You can do this in one of three ways:



you can send the Corporate Secretary of your company a written notice at the address under SummaryThe Companies on page 7 stating that you would like to revoke
your proxy; 



you can complete and submit a later-dated proxy by mail, by telephone or over the Internet; or 



you can attend your companys special meeting and vote in person. 

If you have instructed a broker to vote your shares, you must follow the procedures provided by your broker to change those instructions. 

Q:    What if I plan to attend the special meeting in person?

A:    To ensure that your vote is counted, we
recommend that you submit your proxy anyway. You 



may still attend the special meeting and vote in person. 

Q:    If my shares are held in street name by my broker, will my broker vote my shares for me? 

A:    If you do not provide your broker with instructions on how to vote
your street name shares, your broker will not be permitted to vote your shares on the proposals. You should therefore be sure to provide your broker with instructions on how to vote your shares. Please contact your broker for directions
on how to instruct your broker to vote your shares. 

Q:    What happens if I do not vote? 

A:    
Lyondell Shareholders:
  With respect to Lyondell Proposal (1) to approve the issuance of Lyondell common stock to Millennium shareholders in connection with the proposed transaction and Lyondell
Proposal (3) to amend and restate Lyondells 1999 incentive plan, your failure to vote your Lyondell shares, including abstentions, will count against satisfaction of the requirement that the votes cast represent at least 50% of the outstanding
Lyondell shares and, therefore, abstentions may have the effect of a vote against these proposals. With respect to Lyondell Proposal (2) to amend and restate Lyondells certificate of incorporation to increase the number of authorized Lyondell
shares, your failure to vote your Lyondell shares, including abstentions, will have the effect of a vote against this proposal. Because of the nature of the matters to be voted on, and because there are no other matters to be voted on, there will be
no broker non-votes. If your shares are held in the Lyondell, Equistar, LCR or Millennium 401(k) plan, please see The Special MeetingsEffect of Abstentions and Broker Non-Votes beginning on page 46 for an explanation of the effect
of your failure to instruct the trustee of that plan how to vote your shares. 

Millennium Shareholders:
  Your failure to vote your Millennium shares, including an abstention, will have the same effect as a vote against the Millennium proposal to adopt the agreement and plan of merger. Because of the
nature of the matters to be voted on, and because there are no other matters to be voted on, there will be no broker non-votes. 
If your shares are 
held in the Lyondell, Equistar, LCR or Millennium
401(k) plan, please see The Special Meetings Effect of Abstentions and Broker Non-Votes beginning on page 46 for an explanation of the effect of your failure to instruct the trustee of that plan how to vote your shares. 

Q:    Should I send in my Millennium stock certificates now?

A:    No. If the proposed transaction is completed,
written instructions for exchanging share certificates representing shares of Millennium common stock will be sent to Millennium shareholders. Lyondell shareholders will keep their existing share certificates. 

Q:    Will Millennium shareholders be taxed on the Lyondell common
stock that they receive? 

A:    The
proposed transaction is intended to qualify as a reorganization for U.S. federal income tax purposes, in which Millennium shareholders generally will not recognize gain or loss, other than any gain or loss recognized on the receipt of cash for
fractional shares. Millennium and Lyondell expect that their counsel, Weil, Gotshal & Manges LLP and Baker Botts L.L.P., respectively, will deliver opinions at closing that the proposed transaction will qualify as a reorganization. If one or
both of these opinions are not delivered, the relevant shareholders will be so advised by supplemental or revised solicitation materials that solicit another vote by those shareholders or the proposed transaction will not be completed. See
Proposals to Approve the Proposed TransactionMaterial U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Proposed Transaction beginning on page 100. 

Q:    Does Lyondell intend to continue to pay dividends on Lyondell shares after the proposed transaction?

A:    Lyondell expects no change in its dividend
policy and expects to continue to pay quarterly dividends on Lyondell shares after the proposed transaction. Dividends on Lyondell shares will only be paid when and to the extent declared by Lyondells board of directors. The payment of
dividends by Lyondell in the future depends upon 



Lyondells results of operations, financial condition, cash position and requirements, investment opportunities, future prospects, contractual
restrictions and other factors deemed relevant by Lyondells board of directors. For a summary of the dividend payment history of each of Lyondell and Millennium, see Comparative Market Prices and Dividends on page 132. 

Giving effect to completion of the proposed transaction, Lyondell
anticipates paying approximately $55.8 to $62.1 million annually to its shareholders in additional dividends, depending on the number of shares of Lyondell common stock issued in connection with the proposed transaction and assuming continuation of
Lyondells current dividend rate of $0.90 per share per year. See Risk FactorsRisks Related to Debt of the Combined Company Following the Proposed Transaction beginning on page 26. Lyondells credit agreement and the
indentures for its senior secured and senior subordinated notes contain restrictions that provide that Lyondell may not pay dividends on Lyondell shares at an annual rate exceeding $0.90 per share. In addition, Lyondell is not permitted to pay
dividends if it is in default under its credit agreement. See Comparative Market Prices and Dividends on page 132. 

Although Lyondell will hold all the outstanding equity of Millennium after the consummation of the proposed transaction, debt covenants will limit
Lyondells ability to transfer cash between Lyondell and Millennium, and cash distributions from Millennium may not be available to help fund Lyondells dividend payments. In addition, as described in Risk FactorsRisks Relating
to Debt of the Combined Company Following the Proposed Transaction beginning on page 26, debt covenants will continue to limit transfers of cash between Lyondell and Equistar and between Millennium and Equistar, even though Equistar will be
indirectly wholly owned by Lyondell. Existing debt covenants also will continue to limit transfers of cash between Lyondell and LCR. 



WHO CAN HELP ANSWER QUESTIONS 

If
you are a Lyondell shareholder and have questions, you may contact: 

Lyondell Chemical Company 

1221 McKinney Street, Suite 700 

Houston, Texas 77010 

Attn: Investor Relations 

Phone number: (713) 309-4590 

Lyondell shareholders may also contact Lyondells proxy solicitor: 

Morrow & Co. Inc. 

445 Park Avenue, 5
th
 Floor 

New York, New York 10022 

Call collect: (212) 754-8000 

Banks and brokerage firms, please call toll free: (800) 654-2468 

Shareholders, please call toll free: (800) 607-0088 

If you are a Millennium shareholder and have questions, you may contact: 

Millennium Chemicals Inc. 

20 Wight Avenue, Suite 100 

Hunt Valley, Maryland 21030 

Attn: Investor
Relations 

Phone number: (410) 229-8113 

Millennium shareholders may also contact Millenniums proxy solicitor: 

Georgeson Shareholder Communications Inc. 

17 State Street, 10th Floor 

New York, New York 10004 

Banks and brokerage firms, please call: (212) 440-9800 

All others call toll free: (800)
334-8636 



SUMMARY 

This summary
section highlights selected information from this joint proxy statement/prospectus regarding the proposals and may not contain all of the information that is important to you as a Lyondell and/or Millennium shareholder. Accordingly, Lyondell and
Millennium encourage you to carefully read this entire document, including the Annexes, and the documents which are incorporated by reference. You may obtain a copy of the documents that Lyondell and Millennium have incorporated by reference without
charge by following the instructions in the section entitled Where You Can Find More Information beginning on page 173. We have included page references in this summary to direct you to more complete descriptions of the topics presented
in this summary. 

The Companies 

Lyondell Chemical
Company 

1221 McKinney Street, Suite 700 

Houston, Texas 77010 

(713) 652-7200 

Lyondell is a leading producer of: propylene oxide (PO); PO derivatives including propylene glycol, propylene glycol ethers and butanediol; and styrene
monomer and methyl tertiary butyl ether as co-products of PO production. In addition, through its 70.5% interest in Equistar, Lyondell is also one of the largest producers of ethylene, propylene and polyethylene in North America and a leading
producer of ethylene oxide, ethylene glycol, high value-added specialty polymers and polymeric powder. Lyondell owns a 58.75% interest in LYONDELL-CITGO Refining LP, referred to in this document as LCR. Lyondell believes, based on its experience in
the industry, that LCR is one of the largest refiners in the U.S. processing extra heavy Venezuelan crude oil to produce gasoline, low sulfur diesel and jet fuel. For more information regarding estimates of capacity position and capacity share, see
Industry and Other Information on page 43. 

Millennium Chemicals Inc. 

20 Wight Avenue, Suite 100 

Hunt Valley, Maryland 21030 

(410) 229-4400 

Millennium is the second-largest producer of titanium dioxide (TiO

) in the world, the largest merchant seller of titanium tetrachloride and a major producer of zircon and zirconia, silica gel and cadmium-based pigments. It
also is the second-largest producer of acetic acid and vinyl acetate monomer in North America, and a leading producer of terpene-based fragrance and flavor chemicals. Millennium owns the remaining 29.5% interest in Equistar. For more information
regarding estimates of capacity position and capacity share, see Industry and Other Information on page 43. 

Millennium Subsidiary LLC 

20 Wight Avenue,
Suite 100 

Hunt Valley, Maryland 21030 

(410) 229-4400 

Millennium Subsidiary LLC is a
Delaware limited liability company formed by Millennium on March 25, 2004 for the sole purpose of effecting the proposed transaction. This is the only business of Millennium Subsidiary. 

Risk Factors (page 24) 

See
Risk Factors for a discussion of factors you should carefully consider before deciding how to vote at your companys special meeting. 



Structure of the Proposed Transaction 

On March 28, 2004, Lyondell, Millennium, and Millennium Subsidiary entered into an agreement and plan of merger providing for a stock-for-stock business combination. In the proposed transaction, Millennium Subsidiary will merge into
Millennium (the merger), with Millennium being the surviving entity. In the merger, Millennium common stock will be converted into the right to receive Lyondell common stock, and the share of Millennium preferred stock (valued at
approximately $1,000) to be issued to Lyondell immediately before the merger will be converted into common stock of Millennium. As a result, Millennium will become a wholly owned subsidiary of Lyondell. 

As consideration for the proposed transaction, Millennium shareholders
will receive between 0.95 and 1.05 shares of Lyondell common stock for each share of Millennium common stock, depending on the average of the volume-weighted average sales prices on the New York Stock Exchange for Lyondell common stock for the 20
trading days ending on the third trading day before closing. Millennium shareholders will receive 0.95 of a share of Lyondell common stock for each share of Millennium common stock if the average of the volume-weighted average sale prices of
Lyondell common stock is $20.50 or greater and 1.05 shares of Lyondell common stock if the average is $16.50 or less. Between these two average prices, the exchange ratio will be proportionately adjusted between 0.95 and 1.05. Set forth below is a
table showing a hypothetical range of averages along with the corresponding exchange ratio, implied value of one share of Millennium common stock and the aggregate number of shares of Lyondell common stock to be issued to Millennium shareholders
that would result from each such average. This table is for illustrative purposes only, and the actual prices and volumes at which shares of Lyondell common stock may trade between the date hereof and closing may cause the average to fluctuate above
or below the hypothetical range of averages set forth below. The exchange ratio and number of shares of Lyondell common stock to be issued at closing may differ from the examples below because the exchange ratio will not be determinable until the
third trading day before the closing of the proposed transaction. 

Hypothetical Range of
Average of

Volume-Weighted

Average Sale Prices

for a 20-Day Period of

Lyondell
Common Stock

Exchange Ratio

(Number of shares of
Lyondell common

stock Millennium
shareholders will

receive for each share
of Millennium

common stock)

Implied Value of one

share of Millennium

common stock based on

such 20-Day Average(a)

Number of shares of

Lyondell common stock

to be issued to

Millennium shareholders

based on shares

outstanding on

May 31,
2004(b)(c)

(in millions)

$15.84(d)

1.05  

$16.63

68.7


$16.50      

1.05  

$17.33

68.7

  $17.50      

1.025

$17.94

67.1

  $18.50      

1.00  

$18.50

65.4

  $19.50      

0.975

$19.01

63.8

3
$20.50      

0.95  

$19.48

62.1

(a)

For purposes of this chart, the implied value of a share of Millennium common stock is equal to the volume-weighted average sales price multiplied by the exchange ratio
corresponding to such price. However, the implied value of a share of Millennium common stock on a particular date would actually be calculated by multiplying the closing price of Lyondell common stock on that date (instead of the
average of the volume-weighted average sale prices for a 20-day period ended on the third trading day before that date) by the exchange ratio for such date. For example, at the exchange ratio that would have applied had the proposed transaction been
completed on June 1, 2004, the implied value of one share of Millennium common stock would have been $17.27, based on the closing price of Lyondell common stock on June 1, 2004 of $16.45. 

(b)

Based on the number of outstanding shares of Millennium common stock as of May 31, 2004. 

(c)

The number of shares issued would be increased by 1.9 to 2.1 million (depending on the exchange ratio) if all of Millenniums outstanding stock options
(including 0.4 million of options with an exercise price in excess of the May 31, 2004 market price) are exercised for shares before closing and by an additional 10.5 to 11.6 million (depending on the exchange ratio) if Millenniums convertible
debentures become convertible and are converted before closing. The debentures are not currently convertible and will become 



convertible only under specified circumstances, including circumstances related to the market price of Millennium common stock (or, after the proposed
transaction, Lyondell common stock) and the market price and credit ratings of the convertible debentures. 

(d)

If the proposed transaction had been completed on June 1, 2004, the average of the volume-weighted average sale prices for the 20 trading days ended on the third trading day before
completion (i.e., ended on May 26, 2004) would have been $15.84. Accordingly, the exchange ratio would have been 1.05 shares of Lyondell common stock for each outstanding share of Millennium common stock. 

The proposed transaction, including the calculation of exchange ratio, is described in
more detail in this document under the heading Proposals to Approve the Proposed Transaction beginning on page 49. 

Organizational Structure After the Proposed Transaction 

The diagram below shows the ownership by Lyondell of Millennium, Equistar and certain other entities after completion of the proposed transaction. Although Lyondell will own all of the equity interest in Millennium
and indirectly in Equistar after completion of the proposed transaction, Lyondell, Millennium and Equistar will remain separate legal entities. Each entity will continue to be separately responsible for its respective debt obligations (except that
$300 million of Equistar debt is guaranteed by Lyondell) and each entity will continue to be subject to the various restrictive covenants contained in its debt agreements, including restrictions on inter-company activities. See Risk
FactorsRisks Relating to Debt of the Combined Company Following the Proposed Transaction beginning on page 26. 

The Lyondell Special Meeting (page 44) 

The Lyondell special meeting will be held in Lyondells General Assembly Room, 42nd Floor, One Houston Center, 1221 McKinney Street, in Houston, Texas, at      on
                ,         , 2004. 

Lyondell shareholders of record at the close of business on     , 2004 will be entitled to notice of and to vote at the meeting and
any adjournment or postponement thereof. On that date,              Lyondell shares were outstanding and entitled to vote at the special meeting. On that date, Lyondells directors and
executive officers beneficially owned an aggregate of approximately         % of the issued and outstanding Lyondell shares entitled to vote at the special meeting. Two members of Lyondells board of
directors are executive officers of Occidental Petroleum Corporation, the beneficial owner of approximately     % of the outstanding Lyondell shares as of the record date. 



Lyondell Vote Required for Approval of the Issuance of Shares of Lyondell Common Stock to Millennium Shareholders in Connection with the Proposed Transaction (page 104) 

Approval of the Lyondell Proposal (1) to issue shares of Lyondell common
stock pursuant to the proposed transaction requires the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the votes cast thereon, provided the total votes cast represent at least 50% of the outstanding Lyondell shares. Because the votes cast must represent
at least 50% of the outstanding Lyondell shares, your failure to vote, including abstentions, may have the effect of a vote against the proposal to approve the issuance of shares of Lyondell common stock to Millennium shareholders in connection with
the proposed transaction. However, if the 50% requirement is satisfied, your failure to vote, including abstentions, will not have an effect on the outcome of this proposal. Because of the nature of this matter there will be no broker non-votes. If
your shares are held in the Lyondell, Equistar, LCR or Millennium 401(k) plans, please see The Special MeetingsEffect of Abstentions and Broker Non-Votes beginning on page 46 for an explanation of the effect of your failure to
instruct the trustee of that plan how to vote your shares. 

Approval of this proposal is a condition to closing the proposed transaction. 

Lyondell Vote Required for Approval of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (page 108) 

Approval of the Lyondell Proposal (2) to amend and restate its certificate of incorporation increasing the number of authorized Lyondell shares (excluding
preferred stock) from 420 million to 500 million shares requires the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the outstanding Lyondell shares. Because the required vote is based on the affirmative vote of a majority of shares outstanding, your
failure to vote, including abstentions, will have the effect of a vote against the proposal to amend and restate Lyondells certificate of incorporation to increase the number of authorized Lyondell shares. Because of the nature of this matter
there will be no broker non-votes. If your shares are held in the Lyondell, Equistar, LCR or Millennium 401(k) plans, please see The Special MeetingsEffect of Abstentions and Broker Non-Votes beginning on page 46 for an explanation
of the effect of your failure to instruct the trustee of that plan how to vote your shares. 

Approval of this proposal is a condition to closing the proposed transaction. 

Lyondell Vote Required for Approval of the Amended and Restated 1999 Incentive Plan (page 166) 

Approval of the Lyondell Proposal (3) to amend and restate Lyondells 1999 incentive plan to increase the number of shares available for issuance and
to revise the award limits under the 1999 incentive plan requires the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the votes cast thereon, provided the total votes cast represent at least 50% of the outstanding Lyondell shares. Because the votes cast
must represent at least 50% of the outstanding Lyondell shares, your failure to vote, including abstentions, may have the effect of a vote against the proposal to amend and restate Lyondells 1999 incentive plan. However, if the 50% requirement
is satisfied, your failure to vote, including abstentions, will not have an effect on the outcome of this proposal. Because of the nature of this matter there will be no broker non-votes. If your shares are held in the Lyondell, Equistar, LCR or
Millennium 401(k) plans, please see The Special MeetingsEffect of Abstentions and Broker Non-Votes beginning on page 46 for an explanation of the effect of your failure to instruct the trustee of that plan how to vote your shares.

Approval of this proposal is not a condition to closing
the proposed transaction. 

Recommendation to Lyondells Shareholders (pages 104, 108 and 166) 

Lyondells board of directors believes that (1) the issuance of Lyondell common stock to Millennium shareholders in the proposed transaction, (2)
the proposed amended and restated certificate of incorporation increasing the number of authorized Lyondell shares and (3) the proposed amended and 



restated 1999 incentive plan of Lyondell are advisable and in the best interests of Lyondells shareholders and unanimously recommends that
Lyondells shareholders vote FOR each of these proposals. 

In considering the recommendation of Lyondells board of directors, you should be aware that directors and officers of Lyondell have interests in the proposed transaction that are different from, or in
addition to, the interests of Lyondell shareholders generally, and that Lyondells directors and officers will directly benefit if the proposed transaction is completed. Please see Proposals to Approve the Proposed
TransactionInterests of Certain Persons in the Proposed Transaction beginning on page 91. Lyondells board of directors was aware of these interests and considered them in approving the agreement and plan of merger and the amendment
and restatement of Lyondells certificate of incorporation. 

The Millennium Special Meeting (page 45) 

The Millennium special meeting will be held at Millenniums offices, 20 Wight Avenue, Hunt Valley, Maryland 21030, at
                on                 ,
                , 2004. 

Millennium shareholders of record at the close of business on
                , 2004 will be entitled to notice of and to vote at the meeting and any adjournment or postponement thereof. On that date,
                 shares of Millennium common stock were outstanding and entitled to vote at the special meeting.
 On that date, Millenniums directors and
executive officers beneficially owned an aggregate of approximately       % of the issued and outstanding shares of Millenniums common stock entitled to vote at the special meeting. 

Millennium Vote Required to Adopt the Agreement and Plan of Merger (page 104) 

Approval of the Millennium proposal to adopt the agreement and plan of merger requires the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the outstanding
shares of Millennium common stock. An affirmative vote for adoption of the agreement and plan of merger is a vote for the merger of Millennium Subsidiary into Millennium and for the other transactions contemplated by the agreement and plan of
merger. Because the required vote is based on the affirmative vote of a majority of shares outstanding, your failure to vote, including abstentions, will have the same effect as a vote against the proposal to adopt the agreement and plan of merger.
Because of the nature of this matter there will be no broker non-votes. If your shares are held in the Lyondell, Equistar, LCR or Millennium 401(k) plan, please see The Special MeetingsEffect of Abstentions and Broker Non-Votes
beginning on page 46 for an explanation of the effect of your failure to instruct the trustee of that plan how to vote your shares. 

Approval of this proposal is a condition to closing the proposed transaction. 

Recommendation to Millenniums Shareholders (page 105) 

Millenniums board of directors believes that the agreement and plan of merger and the transactions contemplated thereby are advisable and in the
best interests of Millenniums shareholders and unanimously recommends that Millenniums shareholders vote FOR this proposal. 

In considering the recommendation of Millenniums board of directors, you should be aware that directors and officers of Millennium have interests
in the proposed transaction that are different from, or in addition to, the interests of Millennium shareholders generally, and that Millenniums directors and officers will directly benefit if the proposed transaction is completed. Among other
things, Mr. Robert E. Lee, Millenniums president and chief executive officer and a member of Millenniums board of directors who voted to approve the proposed transaction, will be entitled to receive, as a result of the proposed
transaction, an estimated $9 million in cash, distribution of shares of Millennium common stock pursuant to Millenniums executive long term incentive plan (the ELTIP), accelerated vesting of his restricted 



shares and stock options and reimbursement for all excise taxes on such distributions on a fully grossed-up basis. Please see Proposals to Approve
the Proposed TransactionInterests of Certain Persons in the Proposed Transaction beginning on page 91. Millenniums board of directors was aware of these interests and considered them in approving the agreement and plan of merger.

Opinion of Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Lyondells Financial Advisor (page 65) 

In connection with the proposed transaction, Lyondells board of directors received a written opinion from Citigroup Global Markets Inc. as to the
fairness, from a financial point of view, to Lyondell of the exchange ratio provided for in the agreement and plan of merger. The full text of Citigroups written opinion dated March 28, 2004 is attached to this joint proxy statement/prospectus
as 
Annex B
. We encourage you to read this opinion carefully in its entirety for a description of the assumptions made, procedures followed, matters considered and limitations on the review undertaken. 
Citigroups opinion was provided
to Lyondells board of directors in connection with its evaluation of the exchange ratio, does not address any other aspect of the proposed transaction or any related transaction and does not constitute a recommendation to any shareholder as to
how such shareholder should vote or act on any matters relating to the proposed transaction. 

Under the terms of Citigroups engagement, Lyondell agreed to pay Citigroup an aggregate fee of $8.5 million for its financial advisory services upon
completion of the proposed transaction, of which $7.5 million is contingent on the closing of the proposed transaction. In the event the proposed transaction is not consummated and Lyondell receives a termination fee from Millennium, Lyondell has
agreed to pay Citigroup an aggregate fee of up to $7 million. Citigroup and its affiliates in the past have provided investment banking and financial services to Lyondell and Equistar unrelated to the proposed transaction and, since January 1, 2002,
have received fees of approximately $14.5 million from Lyondell and approximately $7.3 million from Equistar for these services. In addition, Citigroup and its affiliates currently are providing services to Lyondell and Equistar in connection with
their respective credit facilities, including with respect to amendments contemplated in connection with the proposed transaction, for which services Citigroup and its affiliates expect to receive compensation, which has not been quantified at this
time. In the ordinary course of business, Citigroup and its affiliates may actively trade or hold the securities of Lyondell, Equistar and Millennium for their own account or for the account of customers and, accordingly, may at any time hold a long
or short position in those securities. In addition, Citigroup and its affiliates may maintain relationships with Lyondell, Millennium and their respective affiliates. 

Opinion of J.P. Morgan Securities Inc., one of Millenniums Financial Advisors (page 74) 

In connection with the proposed transaction, Millenniums board of directors received a written opinion from J.P. Morgan Securities Inc. as to the
fairness of the exchange ratio, from a financial point of view, to the holders of Millenniums common stock. The full text of JPMorgans written opinion, dated March 28, 2004, is attached to this joint proxy statement/prospectus as

Annex C
. We encourage you to read this opinion carefully in its entirety for a description of the assumptions made, procedures followed, matters considered and limitations on the review undertaken. 
JPMorgans opinion was provided to
Millenniums board of directors in connection with its evaluation of the exchange ratio, does not address any other aspect of the proposed transaction or any related transaction and does not constitute a recommendation to any shareholder as to
how such shareholder should vote or act on any matters relating to the proposed transaction.

For services rendered in connection with the proposed transaction, including with respect to the amendment of the outstanding credit facilities discussed
below, Millennium agreed to pay JPMorgan a fee of $1.25 million upon the public announcement of the proposed transaction and a fee of $7.125 million, plus an incentive fee of $250,000 for each $1.00 per share (pro rated for incremental amounts less
than $1.00) over $18.00 per share received by Millenniums stockholders (valued at the closing price per share of Lyondell common stock on the date the proposed transaction closes) upon completion of the proposed transaction. If Millennium
receives any payment from another person following or in connection with the termination, abandonment or failure to occur of 



the proposed transaction, Millennium will instead pay JPMorgan a fee in an amount equal to 25% of such payment to Millennium, less the $1.25 million fee paid
to JPMorgan upon public announcement of the proposed transaction (provided that such amount will not exceed the fee that would have been payable to JPMorgan if the proposed transaction had been completed). 

JPMorgan and its affiliates have, from time to time, provided financial
advisory and financing services to Millennium, Lyondell, Equistar and their affiliates unrelated to the proposed transaction, including acting as lead or joint bookrunner on a number of financings, for which they have received, since January 1,
2002, fees of $5.7 million from Millennium and fees of $8.5 million from Lyondell and $4.3 million from Equistar. One of JPMorgans commercial bank affiliates is currently providing services to Millennium and Lyondell in connection with certain
outstanding credit facilities for which it and the other lenders on the credit facilities receive customary compensation. The compensation to be paid to JPMorgan for its services in arranging the amendment is included in the transaction fee
disclosed in the prior paragraph. JPMorgan or one of its affiliates may also provide other financial advisory and financing services to Millennium, Lyondell, Equistar and/or other affiliates in the future, including acting as agent bank in
connection with amendments or replacements of certain credit facilities. JPMorgan writes research on Millennium and Lyondell. In the ordinary course of their businesses, JPMorgan and its affiliates may actively trade the debt or equity securities of
Millennium, Equistar or Lyondell for their own accounts or for the accounts of customers and, accordingly, they may at any time hold long or short positions in such securities. 

Opinion of UBS Securities LLC, one of Millenniums Financial Advisors (page 84) 

In connection with the proposed transaction, Millenniums board of directors also received a written opinion from UBS Securities LLC as to the
fairness of the exchange ratio, from a financial point of view, to the holders of Millenniums common stock. The full text of UBS written opinion, dated March 28, 2004, is attached to this joint proxy statement/prospectus as 
Annex
D
. We encourage you to read this opinion carefully in its entirety for a description of the assumptions made, procedures followed, matters considered and limitations on the review undertaken. 
UBS opinion was provided to
Millenniums board of directors in connection with its evaluation of the exchange ratio, does not address any other aspect of the proposed transaction or any related transaction and does not constitute a recommendation to any shareholder as to
how such shareholder should vote or act on any matters relating to the proposed transaction.

Under the terms of its engagement, Millennium paid UBS a $750,000 fee for the delivery of its opinion to Millenniums board of directors.
Accordingly, none of the fee that was paid to UBS is conditioned upon the closing of the proposed transaction. UBS and its predecessors and affiliates have in the past provided debt and/or equity financing services to Lyondell, Equistar and their
affiliates unrelated to the proposed transaction, for which they have received, since January 1, 2002, fees of approximately $2.8 million from Lyondell and approximately $0.5 million from Equistar. In addition, UBS and its affiliates are currently
providing services to Equistar in connection with certain outstanding credit facilities, for which they expect to receive customary compensation, which has not been quantified at this time. In the ordinary course of business, UBS and its
predecessors and affiliates may trade in the securities of Millennium, Lyondell and Equistar for their own accounts and the accounts of their customers and, accordingly, may at any time hold a long or short position in those securities. 

Interests of Certain Persons in the Proposed Transaction (page 91) 

In considering the boards recommendations, shareholders should be aware that some officers, directors and other key employees of Lyondell and
Millennium may have interests in the proposed transaction that may be different from, or in addition to, those of shareholders generally, including the following: 



Certain of Millenniums officers and other key employees will receive substantial payments in connection with the proposed transaction. If the proposed
transaction is completed and all 17 of Millenniums current officers and key employees who are parties to change in control agreements with Millennium are terminated or terminate their employment under certain circumstances, they will be



entitled to receive an estimated aggregate of $43.7 million in severance and pension benefit payments. In addition, an estimated 158,196 shares of Millennium
common stock will be distributed to them pursuant to the ELTIP (shares distributed pursuant to the ELTIP, the ELTIP Shares) and an estimated 101,033 shares of Millennium restricted stock and 304,669 Millennium stock options held by such
officers and other key employees will vest and be converted into, or become exercisable for, Lyondell common stock. They will also be entitled to receive an aggregate of approximately $6 million in incentive plan payments (including accumulated
dividends on the vested shares). Of the foregoing amounts, Mr. Lee (Millenniums president and chief executive officer and a member of Millenniums board of directors who voted to approve the proposed transaction) will be entitled to
receive, as a result of the proposed transaction, payment of an estimated $9 million of the cash payments, distribution of an estimated 31,978 of the ELTIP Shares and vesting of an estimated 22,830 of the restricted shares and 48,667 of the
Millennium stock options. These officers and key employees, including Mr. Lee, will also be reimbursed for all excise taxes on such distributions on a fully grossed-up basis, 



A total of 42,000 shares of restricted stock held by Millenniums non-employee directors will vest and automatically be converted into Lyondell common stock upon closing,



Millenniums officers and directors will be indemnified by Lyondell for six years after the proposed transaction, 



A total of 11,669 stock options held by Lyondells non-employee directors, 3,040,983 stock options held by certain of Lyondells officers and other key employees and
470,587 phantom stock options held by certain of Lyondells key employees will vest and certain of Lyondells officers and other key employees will receive other change in control benefits, and 



Lyondells directors and officers will continue to be directors and officers of Lyondell after the proposed transaction and two independent members of Millenniums current
board of directors will be added to Lyondells board of directors. 

Summary of the Agreement and Plan of Merger (page 109) 

The agreement and plan of merger is attached as 
Annex A
 to this joint proxy statement/prospectus. The agreement and plan of merger is the document that governs the proposed transaction. 

Conditions to Completion of the Proposed Transaction (page 110)

Lyondells and Millenniums
obligations to complete the proposed transaction are subject to the prior satisfaction or waiver (to the extent permitted by law) of a number of conditions, including: 



adoption by the Millennium shareholders of the agreement and plan of merger; 



approval by the Lyondell shareholders of (1) the issuance of shares of Lyondell common stock to Millennium shareholders in connection with the proposed transaction and (2) the
amended and restated certificate of incorporation increasing the number of authorized Lyondell shares; 



the expiration or termination of the waiting period applicable to the consummation of the proposed transaction under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976,
referred to as the HSR Act, the receipt of any clearances required by the European Commission and, except in certain circumstances, the receipt of any material regulatory or governmental approval required, or in the reasonable view of Lyondell,
warranted, under national competition, merger control or similar laws of any other relevant jurisdiction or expiration of any relevant waiting period thereunder; 



the absence of any judgment, injunction, ruling, order or decree of any governmental entity in effect that makes the proposed transaction illegal, restrains or prevents the
consummation of the proposed transaction or imposes any condition to, or any requirement as a result of, consummation of the proposed transaction that would, if complied with, constitute or result in a material adverse effect with respect to
Lyondell or Millennium; 





the receipt by each of Lyondell and Millennium of a legal opinion with respect to certain U.S. federal income tax consequences of the proposed transaction; 



the receipt of the necessary amendments of Lyondells and Millenniums credit agreements and Lyondells receivables sales facility (or, in each case, replacements
thereof), in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Lyondell; and 



other customary conditions, including the truth and correctness of the representations and warranties of each party and performance of obligations, subject to a materiality
standard, and approval of the listing on the New York Stock Exchange of the shares of Lyondell common stock to be issued in the proposed transaction. 

No Solicitation Provisions (page 114) 

The agreement and plan of merger contains no solicitation
provisions that prohibit either party from taking any action to solicit an alternative acquisition proposal. The agreement and plan of merger does not, however, prohibit either party or its board of directors from considering, and potentially
recommending, an unsolicited written proposal from a third party that contains a superior proposal or is reasonably likely to lead to a superior proposal. 

Termination of the Agreement and Plan of Merger (page 118) 

The agreement and plan of merger may be terminated at any time prior to closing by mutual written consent. It may also be
terminated by either party if: 



the proposed transaction has not been consummated, through no willful or material fault of the terminating party, by December 31, 2004; 



the Lyondell shareholders fail to approve (1) the issuance of Lyondell common stock to Millennium shareholders in connection with the proposed transaction and (2) an amendment to
the certificate of incorporation of Lyondell to effect an increase in the number of authorized Lyondell shares; 



the Millennium shareholders do not adopt the agreement and plan of merger; 



there is a breach by the other party of its representations, warranties, covenants or agreements that would cause the failure of the related closing condition, unless the breach is
cured within 30 days of notice of the breach; 



a legal restraint that (1) makes the proposed transaction illegal, (2) restrains or prevents the consummation of the proposed transaction, or (3) imposes any condition to, or any
requirement as a result of, consummation of the proposed transaction that would, if complied with, constitute or result in a material adverse effect with respect to Lyondell or Millennium, is entered and becomes final and nonappealable;



the other partys board of directors withdraws or materially modifies in an adverse manner its approval or recommendation of the proposed transaction or recommends an
alternative acquisition proposal or resolves to do so, or fails to timely reconfirm its recommendation to shareholders upon request; or 



subject to various conditions, the terminating party concurrently enters into, with the approval of its board of directors, a binding definitive written agreement providing for a
superior alternative transaction. 



Termination Fee (page 119) 

Millennium or Lyondell would be obligated to pay the other a termination fee
of $30 million in the event of a termination relating to: 



failure to obtain the requisite approval of its shareholders after the public announcement of an alternative acquisition proposal; 



withdrawal of the approval or recommendation by its board of directors of the proposed transaction (or failure to reconfirm the recommendation on request) or the recommendation of
an alternative acquisition proposal, unless at the time of such board of directors action a material adverse effect relating to the other party has occurred; or 



its entry into a binding definitive written agreement for a superior alternative transaction. 

Conversion of Millennium Stock Options and Assumption of Millennium Stock Plans (page 110) 

Each outstanding option to purchase Millennium common stock will be
converted into a fully exercisable option to purchase Lyondell common stock, with the number of shares subject to the option and the exercise price adjusted based on the exchange ratio. 

Employee Matters (page 116) 

All employees of Millennium immediately prior to closing of the proposed transaction will be employees of Lyondell or an
affiliate (including Millennium) immediately following closing, although there is no obligation to retain former Millennium employees following closing. The agreement and plan of merger provides that any former Millennium employee who is terminated
within one year following the closing of the proposed transaction will receive severance benefits based on the Millennium severance policy in effect as of March 28, 2004. It also obligates Lyondell to provide former Millennium employees who continue
to be employed following the closing of the proposed transaction with an overall level of benefits no less favorable, in the aggregate, than benefits provided to such employees prior to the closing of the proposed transaction for at least a one year
period following the closing. 

Bank Facility Amendments (page 117) 

Lyondell and Millennium have agreed to use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain any and all amendments and/or waivers under their respective bank credit agreements and the Lyondell receivables sales facility (or, in each case,
replacements thereof) as may be necessary to permit consummation of the proposed transaction without breach or violation of any such agreement or of any other debt agreement to which either of them or any subsidiary of either of them is or will be a
party. 

Governance of Lyondell After the Proposed Transaction (page 149) 

After consummation of the proposed transaction, the current officers and board of directors of Lyondell will continue to manage the business of Lyondell,
which will then include the business of Millennium as a wholly owned subsidiary of Lyondell. However, after the closing of the proposed transaction, two independent members of Millenniums current board of directors will be added to
Lyondells board of directors. 

Regulatory Matters (page 99) 

Lyondell and Millennium have agreed to use their commercially reasonable efforts to cooperate with one another in determining which regulatory filings, consents, approvals, permits or authorizations are required to be 



made or obtained prior to the effective time of the proposed transaction. These regulatory filings and approvals include filings with the Federal Trade
Commission and the Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice pursuant to the HSR Act and approval of the European Commission as well as other non-U.S. jurisdictions. Lyondell and Millennium made the required filings pursuant to the HSR Act on
April 29, 2004 and the applicable waiting period terminated on May 25, 2004. The European Union Commission approved the proposed transaction in June 2004. Lyondell and Millennium are working to submit all other required regulatory filings and to
obtain the required regulatory approvals and expect that the other required material regulatory approvals will be obtained before their respective shareholder meetings. However, Lyondell and Millennium can give no assurance as to when or whether
these approvals and consents will be obtained or the terms and conditions that these consents and approvals may impose. 

Accounting Treatment (page 103) 

As a result of the proposed transaction, Lyondell will own 100% of Millenniums outstanding common stock, and will directly or indirectly own 100% of the partnership interests in Equistar. Consequently, Lyondells accounting for
the purchase of Millennium will include adjusting each asset and liability of Millennium to fair value, and consolidating Millenniums assets, liabilities and operations with those of Lyondell. In addition, Lyondell will consolidate Equistar
using the step-acquisition method of purchase accounting, under which Lyondell will account for its 41% initial investment at historical amounts and the remaining interests acquired from Occidental and through the proposed transaction at fair value.
Therefore, as a result of the proposed transaction, 59% of each asset and liability of Equistar will be adjusted to fair value in Lyondells consolidated financial statements. See Lyondell Chemical Company Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed
Combined Financial Information beginning on page 123 for more information on the accounting for the purchase of Millennium. 

Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences (page 100) 

Lyondell and Millennium expect that holders of Millennium common stock generally will not recognize any gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes on the exchange of Millennium common stock for Lyondell common
stock in the proposed transaction. U.S. holders generally will recognize any gain or loss realized on the receipt of cash for a fractional share of Lyondell common stock in the proposed transaction. 

This tax treatment may not apply to some shareholders. Determining the actual
tax consequences of the proposed transaction to a shareholder may be complicated. The consequences will depend on each shareholders specific situation and on variables not within the control of Millennium or Lyondell. Each shareholder is urged
to consult a tax advisor as to the tax consequences of the proposed transaction, including any estate, gift, state, local or non-U.S. tax consequences of the proposed transaction. 

Restrictions on the Ability to Sell Lyondell Common Stock (page 115) 

All shares of Lyondell common stock that Millennium shareholders receive in connection with the proposed transaction will be freely transferable unless
you are considered an affiliate of Millennium for the purposes of the Securities Act of 1933, referred to as the Securities Act, in which case you will be permitted to sell the shares of Lyondell common stock you receive in the proposed
transaction only pursuant to an effective registration statement or an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. This joint proxy statement/prospectus does not register the resale of stock held by affiliates. 

No Appraisal Rights (page 99) 

Under applicable law, shareholders of Lyondell and Millennium do not have any appraisal rights in connection with the proposed transaction. 



Comparison of Rights of Shareholders (page 140) 

When Millennium shareholders become Lyondell shareholders after the proposed transaction, their rights as shareholders will be governed by Lyondells certificate of incorporation and by-laws. Those rights differ
in some respects from the current rights of Millennium shareholders under Millenniums certificate of incorporation and by-laws. 

Market Price and Dividend Information (page 132) 

Lyondell common stock and Millennium common stock are traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbols LYO and MCH, respectively. The following table shows the closing prices of Lyondell
common stock and Millennium common stock on March 26, 2004, the last trading day before Lyondell and Millennium announced the proposed transaction, and on
                , 2004, the most recent practicable full trading day before mailing this joint proxy statement/prospectus. Additionally, the following table shows the
implied value of the proposed transaction consideration for one share of Millennium common stock, which was calculated by multiplying the closing price of Lyondell common stock on the applicable date by the exchange ratio derived from the average of
the volume-weighted average sale prices of Lyondell common stock for the 20 consecutive trading days ending three days before that date, as described in more detail under the heading Summary of the Agreement and Plan of Merger beginning
on page 109: 

Lyondell
Common
Stock

Price

Millennium
Common
Stock

Price

Average of the
Volume-Weighted
Average Sale Prices
of Lyondell
Common Stock for
the 20 Consecutive
Trading Days
Ending
Three Days
before the
Applicable Date

Exchange

Ratio

Implied Value
of one
Share of
Millennium
Common
Stock

At March 26, 2004

$

15.62

$

12.55

$

16.60

1.0474

$16.36

At                 , 2004

$

$

$

$         

The agreement and
plan of merger may not be terminated by either party solely because the stock price of a party has changed. Lyondell and Millennium urge you to obtain current market quotations before making any decisions with respect to the proposed transaction.

Lyondell currently expects no change in its dividend
policy as a result of the proposed transaction and expects to continue to pay quarterly dividends on Lyondell shares after the closing of the proposed transaction. However, after the proposed transaction is consummated, Lyondell anticipates paying
approximately $62.1 million to $55.8 million annually in additional dividends, depending on the number of shares of Lyondell common stock issued in connection with the proposed transaction and assuming continuation of Lyondells current
dividend rate of $0.90 per share per year. Dividends on Lyondell shares will only be paid when and to the extent declared by Lyondells board of directors. The payment of dividends by Lyondell in the future depends upon Lyondells results
of operations, financial condition, cash position and requirements, investment opportunities, future prospects, contractual restrictions and other factors deemed relevant by Lyondells board of directors. Lyondells credit agreement and
the indentures for its senior secured and senior subordinated notes contain restrictions that provide that Lyondell may not pay dividends on Lyondell shares at an annual rate exceeding $0.90 per share. In addition, Lyondell is not permitted to pay
dividends if it is in default under its credit agreement. 

Although Lyondell will hold all the outstanding equity of Millennium after consummation of the proposed transaction, debt covenants will limit Lyondells ability to transfer cash between Lyondell and Millennium and cash distributions
from Millennium may not be available to help fund Lyondells dividend payments. In addition, 



as described in Risk FactorsRisks Relating to Debt of the Combined Company Following the Proposed Transaction beginning on page 26, debt
covenants will continue to limit transfers of cash between Lyondell and Equistar, even though Equistar will be indirectly wholly owned by Lyondell. Existing debt covenants will also continue to limit transfers of cash between Lyondell and LCR. See
Risk FactorsRisks Related to Debt of the Combined Company Following the Proposed Transaction beginning on page 26. 

For a summary of the dividend payment history of each of Lyondell and Millennium, see Comparative Market Prices and Dividends on page 132.

Listing of Lyondell Common Stock (page 115) 

Lyondell will apply to list the shares of Lyondell common stock that will be issued to Millennium shareholders in connection with the proposed transaction on the New York Stock Exchange. 



SUMMARY HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA OF LYONDELL 

The following summary historical consolidated financial data of Lyondell has been derived from the audited historical consolidated financial statements
and related notes of Lyondell as of and for each of the five years in the period ended December 31, 2003 and from the unaudited consolidated financial statements of Lyondell as of and for the three month periods ended March 31, 2004 and 2003. The
summary historical consolidated financial data is only a summary and should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto, other financial information and Managements Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations contained in Lyondells filings with the SEC. See Where You Can Find More Information beginning on page 173. Historical results are not necessarily indicative of any results to be
expected in the future. 

For the Three
Months Ended
March 31,

For the Year Ended December 31,

In millions, except per share amounts

Income statement data

Sales and other operating revenues, net

$

1,105

$

$

3,801

$

3,262

$

3,193

$

4,003

$

3,660

Operating income (loss) (a)

(18

)

(1

)

Income (loss) from equity investments

(83

)

(103

)

Net income (loss) (a)

(15

)

(113

)

(302

)

(148

)

(150

)

(115

)

Earnings (loss) per share:

Basic (a)

$

(0.08

)

$

(0.70

)

(1.84

)

(1.10

)

(1.28

)

3.72

(1.10

)

Diluted (a)

(0.08

)

(0.70

)

(1.84

)

(1.10

)

(1.28

)

3.71

(1.10

)

Balance sheet data (at end of period)

Property, plant and equipment, net

$

2,566

$

2,364

$

2,640

$

2,369

$

2,293

$

2,429

$

4,291

Total assets

7,564

7,368

7,633

7,448

6,703

7,047

9,498

Long-term debt

4,151

3,926

4,151

3,926

3,846

3,844

6,046

Total shareholders equity

1,081

1,094

1,156

1,179

1,145

1,007

Cash dividends declared per common share

0.225

0.225

0.90

0.90

0.90

0.90

0.90

Other financial data

Depreciation and amortization

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

Capital expenditures

(a)

For the year ended December 31, 2000, income statement and per share amounts include a $590 million pre-tax, $400 million after-tax, gain on sale of Lyondells polyols business
and ownership interests in its U.S. PO manufacturing operations to Bayer AG and Bayer Corporation. 



SUMMARY HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA OF MILLENNIUM 

The following summary historical consolidated financial data of Millennium has been derived from the audited historical consolidated financial statements
and related notes of Millennium, and from the unaudited consolidated financial statements of Millennium as of and for the three month periods ended March 31, 2004 and 2003. The summary historical consolidated financial data is only a summary and
should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto, other financial information and Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations contained in
Millenniums filings with the SEC. See Where You Can Find More Information beginning on page 173. Historical results are not necessarily indicative of any results to be expected in the future. 

For the Three
Months Ended
March 31,

For the Year Ended December 31,

In millions, except per share amounts

Income statement data

Net sales

$

$

$

1,687

$

1,554

$

1,590

$

1,793

$

1,589

Operating income (loss)

(51

)

Income (loss) from equity investment

(43

)

(100

)

(73

)

(83

)

(7

)

Net income (loss) from continuing operations

(10

)

(27

)

(184

)

(333

)

(54

)

(549

)

Earnings (loss) per share:

Basic

$

(0.16

)

$

(0.43

)

$

(2.88

)

$

(5.24

)

$

(0.85

)

$

1.73

$

(7.93

)

Diluted

(0.16

)

(0.43

)

(2.88

)

(5.24

)

(0.85

)

1.72

(7.93

)

Balance sheet data (at end of period)

Property, plant and equipment, net

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

Total assets

2,395

2,349

2,398

2,396

2,965

3,259

3,286

Long-term debt

1,409

1,246

1,461

1,212

1,172

1,023

Total stockholders equity

(70

)

(61

)

(73

)

(35

)

Cash dividends declared per common share (a)

  

0.135

0.27

0.54

0.54

0.54

0.54

Other financial data

Depreciation and amortization

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

Capital expenditures

(a)

Millennium suspended payment of dividends on its common stock in July 2003 due to certain restrictions imposed by the indenture under which Millennium issued its 9.25% senior notes
due June 15, 2008. 



UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED SUMMARY FINANCIAL DATA 

The following table sets forth unaudited pro forma combined summary financial data which are presented to give effect to the proposed transaction. The income statement data has been prepared assuming that the proposed
transaction was consummated on January 1, 2003. The balance sheet data assume that the proposed transaction was consummated on March 31, 2004. 

The unaudited pro forma combined summary financial data do not purport to represent what the financial position or results of operations of Lyondell would
have been had the proposed transaction occurred on the dates indicated or to project Lyondells financial position or results of operation for any future date or period. Furthermore, the unaudited pro forma combined summary financial data do
not reflect any cost savings or other synergies which may occur as the result of post-combination activities and matters. In addition, the unaudited pro forma combined summary income statement data excludes estimates of non-recurring charges
directly attributable to the proposed transaction that will be charged to operations in the quarter in which the proposed transaction is actually consummated. 

The unaudited pro forma combined summary financial data should be read in conjunction with the historical audited consolidated financial statements
of Lyondell and Millennium, including the notes thereto, incorporated by reference in this joint proxy statement/prospectus and the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements, including the notes thereto, beginning on page 123 of
this joint proxy statement/prospectus. 

In millions, except per share amounts

As of or for the
Three Months Ended
March 31, 2004

For the

Year Ended

December 31, 2003

Income statement data

Sales and other operating revenues, net

$

3,345

$

11,362

Operating income (loss)

(175

)

Income from equity investments

Net loss before cumulative effect of accounting change

(29

)

(499

)

Basic and diluted loss per share before cumulative effect of accounting change

(0.12

)

(2.16

)

Balance sheet data (at end of period)

Property, plant and equipment, net

7,017

Total assets

14,861

Long-term debt

8,036

Total stockholders equity

2,123



UNAUDITED COMPARATIVE HISTORICAL PER SHARE DATA AND UNAUDITED PRO FORMA 

PER SHARE DATA 

The following table sets forth selected unaudited comparative
historical per share data for Lyondell and Millennium and selected unaudited pro forma combined per share data after giving effect to the proposed transaction. The unaudited pro forma combined earnings per share data have been prepared assuming that
the proposed transaction was consummated on January 1, 2003. The unaudited pro forma combined book value per share data assume that the proposed transaction was consummated as of the relevant balance sheet date. Please see the unaudited pro forma
condensed combined financial statements, including the notes thereto, beginning on page 123 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus, and the separate audited and unaudited financial statements of Lyondell and Millennium, including the notes
thereto, incorporated by reference in this joint proxy statement/prospectus. 

Pro forma amounts are not necessarily indicative of results of operations or financial position that would have resulted had the proposed transaction been consummated on the dates indicated and should not be construed
as being indicative of future performance. 

Historical

Pro Forma

As of and for the Three Months Ended March 31, 2004

Lyondell Per
Common
Share Data

Millennium
Per
Common
Share Data

Lyondell
Unaudited
Pro Forma
Per
Common
Share
Data

Equivalent
Unaudited
Pro Forma
Per
Millennium
Common
Share

Data (a)

Loss from continuing operations per common share before cumulative effect of accounting change:

Basic

$

(0.08

)

$

(0.16

)

$

(0.12

)

$

(0.13

)

Diluted

(0.08

)

(0.16

)

(0.12

)

(0.13

)

Cash dividends per common share (b)

0.23

0.00

0.23

0.24

Book value per common share (c)

6.08

(1.08

)

8.64

9.07

As of and for the Year Ended December 31, 2003

Loss from continuing operations per common share before cumulative effect of accounting change:

Basic

$

(1.84

)

$

(2.88

)

$

(2.16

)

$

(2.26

)

Diluted

(1.84

)

(2.88

)

(2.16

)

(2.26

)

Cash dividends per common share (b)

0.90

0.27

0.90

0.95

Book value per common share (c)

6.54

(1.14

)

8.97

9.42

(a)

The equivalent unaudited pro forma per Millennium common share amounts are calculated by multiplying the Lyondell per share amounts set forth under the column heading Lyondell
Unaudited Pro Forma Per Common Share Data by an assumed exchange ratio of 1.05 which represents the exchange ratio that would have applied if the proposed transaction had been consummated on May 31, 2004. 

(b)

The Lyondell unaudited pro forma cash dividend per common share amount set forth under the column heading Lyondell Unaudited Pro Forma Per Common Share Data is based
solely on historical dividends per share for Lyondell. 

(c)

The Lyondell unaudited pro forma book value per common share amount set forth under the column heading Lyondell Unaudited Pro Forma Per Common Share Data was calculated
by dividing the total combined pro forma equity by the pro forma equivalent shares outstanding as of the relevant balance sheet date. 



RISK FACTORS 

In addition
to the other information contained in this joint proxy statement/prospectus and the documents attached and incorporated by reference in this joint proxy statement/prospectus, you should carefully consider the following risk factors before you decide
how to vote on the proposed transaction. If any of the following risks occur, Lyondells or Millenniums and, after the closing of the proposed transaction, the combined companys business, financial condition or results of operations
could be materially adversely affected, the value of the applicable companys common stock could decline and you may lose all or a part of your investment. 

Risks Relating to the Proposed Transaction 

Lyondell and Millennium may not achieve the expected benefits of the proposed transaction. 

Lyondell and Millennium entered into the agreement and plan of merger with the expectation that the proposed transaction will result in various benefits.
See Proposal to Approve the Proposed Transaction Lyondells Reasons for the Proposed Transaction beginning on page 58 and Millenniums Reasons for the Proposed Transaction beginning on page 60. Some of
those benefits may not be achieved or, if achieved, may not be achieved in the time frame in which they are expected. Whether the combined company will actually realize these anticipated benefits depends on future events and circumstances, some of
which are beyond the control of the combined company. For example, future growth in revenues, earnings and cash flow is partly dependent on future economic conditions and conditions in the chemical industry. Also, the potential synergies and expense
saving opportunities that Lyondell and Millennium anticipate may not be realized. In addition, the other risk factors discussed below may prevent the achievement of the expected advantages of the proposed transaction. 

The combined company may face difficulties in integrating the operations of Lyondell and Millennium. 

Before the proposed transaction, Lyondell and Millennium operated separately. Lyondell may not be able to integrate the operations of Lyondell and
Millennium without a loss of employees, customers or suppliers, a loss of revenues, an increase in operating or other costs or other difficulties. Lyondells management team does not have experience running Millenniums titanium dioxide
and other majority owned businesses and the loss of Millennium employees could result in reduced operating efficiencies. Any unexpected costs or delays incurred in connection with the integration could lower operating results. 

The market price of the shares of Lyondell common stock to be received in the proposed transaction will fluctuate and you may not know the precise exchange ratio at the time you vote on the proposals. 

The agreement and plan of merger provides for an exchange ratio
that is based on the average of the volume-weighted average sale prices of Lyondell common stock for the 20 trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the closing of the proposed transaction. The agreement and plan of merger
provides for adjustment of the exchange ratio if such average price is between $16.50 and $20.50 per share, but it does not provide any adjustment if the average price is below $16.50 per share or above $20.50 per share. The agreement and plan of
merger does not provide for rights of termination by either party based on fluctuations of the market price of Lyondell common stock before closing of the proposed transaction. Because the exchange ratio is based on the average trading price for a
period of time prior to the closing date, the precise exchange ratio cannot be presently determined and you may not know the precise exchange ratio when you vote on the proposals contained in this joint proxy statement/prospectus. 

Variations in the trading price of Lyondell common stock may be the result
of: 



changes in the business, assets or liabilities or results of operations of Lyondell, Millennium or Equistar; 



the prospects for the post-transaction operations of the combined company; 





changes in industry conditions, including supply-demand balance and costs for raw materials and energy; 



market assessments of the likelihood that the proposed transaction will be completed within the anticipated time frame or at all; 



changes in general stock market, economic and political conditions; and 



other factors beyond the control of Lyondell or Millennium, including those described elsewhere in this Risk Factors section. 

Shareholders are urged to obtain current market quotations for both
Lyondell common stock and Millennium common stock. The historical prices of Lyondell common stock and Millennium common stock included in this joint proxy statement/prospectus are not necessarily indicative of their prices on the date the proposed
transaction closes. The future market prices of Lyondell common stock and Millennium common stock cannot be guaranteed or predicted. 

The increase in trading activity resulting from the increase in shares of Lyondell common stock outstanding after the proposed transaction could cause volatility in the market price of Lyondell common stock, and sales of
large amounts of Lyondell common stock following the proposed transaction could result in a decline in the market price of Lyondell common stock. 

On May 31, 2004, 177,905,222 Lyondell shares were issued and outstanding, consisting of 140,557,881 shares of Lyondell common stock and 37,347,341
shares of Lyondell Series B common stock. If the average of the volume-weighted daily average sale prices of Lyondell common stock for the 20 trading days ending on the third trading day before the closing of the proposed transaction is $16.50 or
less, Lyondell will issue to Millennium shareholders approximately 69 million shares of Lyondell common stock based on the number of Millennium shares outstanding on May 31, 2004. If the average is $20.50 or higher, Lyondell will issue to Millennium
shareholders approximately 62 million shares of Lyondell common stock based on the number of Millennium shares outstanding on May 31, 2004. The number of shares issued would be increased by 1.9 to 2.1 million (depending on the exchange ratio) if all
of Millenniums outstanding stock options (including 0.4 million of options with an exercise price in excess of the May 31, 2004 market price) are exercised for shares before closing and by an additional 10.5 to 11.6 million (depending on the
exchange ratio) if Millenniums convertible debentures become convertible and are converted before closing. The debentures are not currently convertible and will become convertible only under specified circumstances, including circumstances
related to the market price of Millennium common stock (or, after the proposed transaction, Lyondell common stock) and the market price and credit ratings of the convertible debentures. All of the Lyondell common stock issued to Millennium
shareholders in the proposed transaction may be resold into the public market immediately after the proposed transaction, subject to limited exceptions. A substantial increase in trading activity could result in increased volatility in the market
price of Lyondell common stock, and if large amounts of Lyondell common stock are sold after completion of the proposed transaction, the market price of Lyondell common stock may decline. 

The interests of directors and executive officers of Lyondell and Millennium may differ from, or be in addition to, those of the Lyondell shareholders and Millennium shareholders, respectively. 

Directors and executive officers of Lyondell and Millennium have
interests in the proposed transaction that differ from, or are in addition to, those of Lyondell and Millennium shareholders generally. The receipt of compensation or other benefits in the proposed transaction, including change in control and
severance payments, the vesting of stock options and restricted shares, the guarantee of payment of certain performance awards and the continuation of indemnification arrangements following completion of the proposed transaction may influence
directors in making their recommendation that you vote in favor of the proposed transaction and executive officers in supporting the proposed transaction. If the proposed transaction is completed and all 17 of Millenniums current officers and
key employees who are parties to change in control agreements with Millennium are terminated or terminate their employment under certain circumstances, they will be entitled to 



receive an estimated aggregate of $43.7 million in severance and pension benefit payments. In addition, an estimated 158,196 ELTIP Shares will be distributed
to them and an estimated 101,033 shares of Millennium restricted stock and 304,669 Millennium stock options held by such officers and other key employees will vest and be converted into, or become exercisable for, Lyondell common stock. They will
also be entitled to receive an aggregate of approximately $6 million in incentive plan payments (including accumulated dividends on the vested shares). Of the foregoing amounts, Mr. Lee (Millenniums president and chief executive officer and a
member of Millenniums board of directors who voted to approve the proposed transaction) will be entitled to receive, as a result of the proposed transaction, payment of an estimated $9 million of the cash payments, distribution of an estimated
31,978 of the ELTIP Shares and vesting of an estimated 22,830 of the restricted shares and 48,667 of the Millennium stock options. These officers and key employees, including Mr. Lee, will also be reimbursed for all excise taxes on such
distributions on a fully grossed-up basis. In addition, a total of 42,000 shares of restricted stock held by Millenniums non-employee directors will vest and automatically be converted into Lyondell common stock upon closing, and Millennium
officers and directors will be indemnified by Lyondell for six years after the closing of the proposed transaction. 

If the proposed transaction is completed, a total of 11,669 stock options held by Lyondells non-employee directors, 3,040,983 stock options held by
certain of Lyondells officers and other key employees, and 470,587 phantom stock options held by certain of Lyondells key employees will vest and certain of Lyondells officers and other key employees will receive other change in
control benefits. 

You should consider these
differing and/or additional interests in voting on the proposed transaction. These different and/or additional interests have been described under Proposal to Approve the Proposed Transaction  Interests of Certain Persons in the Proposed
Transaction beginning on page 91. 

The combined company will incur significant costs as a result of the proposed transaction. 

The combined company expects to incur approximately $100 million to $110 million of costs related to the proposed transaction. These costs will include
change in control and severance payments to employees, investment banking, bank commitment, legal and accounting fees, printing costs, transition costs and other related costs. In addition, the combined company also may incur unanticipated costs in
the proposed transaction. 

Risks Relating to Debt of the Combined Company Following the Proposed Transaction 

The combined companys consolidated balance sheet will be highly leveraged and it will have risks resulting from significant amounts of debt. 

The balance sheets of Lyondell, Equistar and Millennium are highly leveraged, and the combined companys
consolidated balance sheet also will be highly leveraged. While Lyondell, Millennium and Equistar each will continue to be separately responsible for its respective debt obligations after the proposed transaction (except that $300 million of
Equistar debt is guaranteed by Lyondell), the total consolidated debt of Lyondell, including the debt of both Millennium and Equistar on a consolidated basis, would have been approximately $8 billion at March 31, 2004, after giving pro forma effect
to the proposed transaction as if it had been consummated on that date. This debt would have represented approximately 77% of Lyondells pro forma consolidated capitalization. This debt amount does not include approximately $450 million of debt
of Lyondells 58.75%-owned joint venture, LCR, as of March 31, 2004. 

In addition, Lyondell, Equistar and Millennium have contractual commitments and underfunded pension and post-retirement benefit obligations described in Item 8 of their respective Annual Reports on Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31, 2003 that will require cash contributions in 2004 and beyond. Within approximately three months after closing, (1) Lyondell anticipates that it will incur approximately $15 million of costs related to the proposed
transaction, which will be paid out of available cash, and (2) Millennium anticipates that it will incur approximately $85 million to $95 million of costs related to the proposed transaction. 



Millennium intends to fund its costs through a combination of available cash, debt financing and/or possible asset sales. Any such additional debt will
increase the debt of the combined company. 

The level of
debt of Lyondell, Millennium and Equistar and the limitations imposed on them by their existing or future debt agreements could have significant consequences on the combined companys business and future prospects, including the following:



the combined company or its subsidiaries (including Millennium and Equistar) may not be able to obtain financing in the future for working capital, capital expenditures,
acquisitions, debt service requirements or other purposes; 



less leveraged competitors could have a competitive advantage because they have greater flexibility to utilize their cash flow to improve their operations; and



the combined company could be competitively weaker in the event of continued poor business conditions that would leave it less able to take advantage of significant business
opportunities and to react to changes in market or industry conditions. 

Please see the Liquidity and Capital Resources section in Item 7 of (1) Lyondells Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2003; (2) Equistars Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2003; and (3) Millenniums Annual Report on From 10-K/A for the year ended December 31, 2003, in each case, for discussion regarding that
companys ability to pay or refinance its debt. 

After the proposed transaction, Lyondell, Millennium and their joint ventures will each continue to require a significant amount of cash to service their indebtedness, and the ability of each of them to generate cash will
depend on many factors beyond their control. 

Due to debt covenant limitations on transferring cash between the entities discussed below, after the proposed transaction, the ability of each of Lyondell, Millennium and their joint ventures to make payments on and to refinance its
respective indebtedness will continue to depend on its individual ability to generate cash. After the proposed transaction, each of Lyondell, Millennium and their joint ventures, including Equistar, each will continue to be separately responsible
for its respective outstanding debt (except that $300 million of Equistar debt is guaranteed by Lyondell). 

After the proposed transaction: 



the businesses of each of Lyondell, Millennium and Equistar may not generate sufficient cash flow from operations to meet their respective debt service obligations;



future borrowings may not be available under current or future credit facilities of each entity in an amount sufficient to enable each of them to pay their respective indebtedness
at or before maturity; and 



each entity may not be able to refinance any of its respective indebtedness on reasonable terms, if at all. 

After the proposed transaction, factors beyond the control of Lyondell, Millennium and
their joint ventures will continue to affect the ability of each of them to make these payments and refinancings. These factors include those discussed elsewhere in these risk factors and those listed in the Disclosure Regarding Forward
Looking Statements section of this joint proxy statement/prospectus beginning on page 41. 

Further, the ability of Lyondell, Millennium and their joint ventures to fund working capital and capital expenditures will also depend on the ability of
each entity to generate cash. If, in the future, sufficient cash is not generated from their respective operations to meet their respective debt service obligations, Lyondell, Millennium and their joint ventures each may need to reduce or delay
capital expenditures or curtail research and development efforts. In addition, these entities may need to refinance debt, obtain additional financing or sell assets, which they may not be able to do on reasonable terms, if at all. 



Debt and other agreements will restrict the ability of Lyondell, Millennium and Equistar to take certain actions and will require Lyondell and Millennium to maintain certain financial ratios. Failure to comply with these
requirements could result in acceleration of debt. 

Indentures
. The indentures governing certain debt securities of Lyondell, Millennium and Equistar contain various covenants that limit each companys ability to engage in certain transactions. These covenants limit each
companys ability to, among other things: 



incur additional debt or issue subsidiary preferred stock; 



redeem or repurchase capital stock or repurchase subordinated debt; 



engage in transactions with affiliates, including transactions between or among Lyondell, Millennium, Equistar and LCR, except on an arms-length basis after compliance with certain
requirements; 



move cash between affiliates (as further discussed below); 



create liens or engage in sale and leaseback transactions; 



make some types of investments and sell assets; and 



consolidate or merge with, or sell substantially all its assets to, another person. 

Some of Lyondells indentures require the calculation of a Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, which is defined as the
ratio of the Adjusted Consolidated Cash Flow (as defined) to Fixed Charges (as defined) for Lyondells most recently ended four full fiscal quarters. Under the indentures, if, as is currently the case, Lyondells Fixed Charge Coverage
Ratio is not at least 2.0 to 1.0, Lyondell is subject to certain restrictions that limit its ability to, among other things, incur additional indebtedness. Millenniums 9.25% senior notes indenture requires the calculation of a Consolidated
Coverage Ratio, which is defined as the ratio of the aggregate amount of EBITDA (as defined) for the four most recent fiscal quarters to Consolidated Interest Expense (as defined) for the four most recent fiscal quarters. Under this indenture, if,
as is currently the case, Millenniums Consolidated Coverage Ratio is not at least 2.25 to 1.00, Millennium is subject to certain restrictions that limit its ability to, among other things, incur additional indebtedness and pay dividends.

Lyondells Credit Facility
.
Lyondells credit facility contains restrictive covenants and requires that Lyondell and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis satisfy specified financial performance criteria. Specifically, Lyondell and its subsidiaries are not permitted:
(1) to allow the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio (as defined) at the end of each of the following periods, to be less than 0.90 to 1.00 for the periods ended June 30, 2004 and September 30, 2004, 1.00 to 1.00 for the period ended December 31, 2004, 1.15
to 1.00 for the period ended March 31, 2005 and 1.50 to 1.00 at any period thereafter; or (2) to allow the ratio of Adjusted Debt to Adjusted EBITDA, as defined, for any period of four consecutive fiscal quarters, at any time during the following
periods, to be greater than 10.50 to 1.00 for the period ended June 29, 2004, 11.00 to 1.00 for the periods ended September 29, 2004 and December 30, 2004, 9.85 to 1.00 for the period ended March 30, 2005, and 8.00 to 1.00 for any period thereafter.
Lyondells ability to meet these financial ratios and tests can be affected by events beyond its control, and Lyondell may not be able to satisfy these covenants. In February 2004, Lyondell obtained amendments to its credit facility to provide
additional financial flexibility by easing certain financial ratio requirements. However, beginning in the fourth quarter of 2004, the financial ratio requirements under its credit facility will become increasingly restrictive over time.
Lyondells ability to comply with these financial ratio requirements will be dependent upon significantly improved results of operations in 2004 and thereafter as compared to 2003. 

Lyondells credit facility covenants also limit its ability to:



increase dividends; 



make some types of investments; and 



allow its subsidiaries to incur some types and amounts of debt. 



Lyondell will seek to amend or obtain a waiver under its credit facility to permit the proposed
transaction. The terms of any amendment could be less favorable than the terms currently in effect. See Summary of the Agreement and Plan of MergerBank Facility Amendments beginning on page 117. 

Millenniums Credit Facility
. Millenniums credit
facility contains restrictive covenants and requires Millennium to meet specified financial ratios and tests. These financial ratios include a Senior Secured Leverage Ratio and an Interest Coverage Ratio. The Senior Secured Leverage Ratio is defined
as the ratio of Senior Secured Indebtedness (as defined) to cumulative EBITDA (as defined) for the prior four fiscal quarters. The Interest Coverage Ratio is the ratio of cumulative EBITDA for the prior four fiscal quarters to the Net Interest
Expense (as defined) for the same period. Millenniums ability to meet these financial ratios and tests can be affected by events beyond its control, and Millennium may not be able to satisfy these covenants. To permit Millennium to be in
compliance with these ratios, the Millennium credit agreement was amended in the fourth quarter of 2003. Millennium will seek to amend or obtain a waiver under its credit facility to permit the proposed transaction. The terms of any amendment could
be less favorable than the terms currently in effect. See Summary of the Agreement and Plan of MergerBank Facility Amendments beginning on page 117. 

Equistars Credit Facility and Accounts Receivable Facility
. Equistar has an inventory-based revolving
credit facility under which it may borrow from time to time in the future and an accounts receivable sales facility under which it sells interests in accounts receivable for cash from time to time. Both of these facilities contain covenants that
restrict, among other things, debt incurrence, lien incurrence, sales of assets, investments, capital expenditures and certain payments. 

Effects of a Breach
. A breach of any of the covenants or other requirements in any of the indentures or credit facilities would permit that
companys lenders or noteholders to declare any of that companys outstanding debt immediately due and payable. A breach under one of the credit facilities would also permit that companys lenders under that credit facility to
terminate future lending commitments. A failure to comply with the obligations contained in one of the credit facilities or indentures could result in an event of default thereunder, which could permit acceleration of that companys related
debt and acceleration of that companys debt under other instruments that may contain cross-acceleration or cross-default provisions. Furthermore, under specified circumstances, a default under Equistars or, after closing of the proposed
transaction, Millenniums debt instruments would constitute a cross-default under Lyondells credit facility, which, under specified circumstances, would then constitute a default under Lyondells indentures. It is not likely that
Lyondell, Millennium or Equistar, as the case may be, would have, or be able to obtain, sufficient funds to make these accelerated payments. In that event, the breaching companys lenders could proceed against any assets that secure their debt.
Similarly, the breach of covenants in Equistars accounts receivable sales facility would permit the counterparties to terminate further purchases of interests in accounts receivable and to receive all collections from previously sold interests
until they had collected on their interests in those receivables, thus reducing Equistars liquidity. 

Debt covenants will limit transfers of cash between Lyondell, Millennium, Equistar and LCR. 

Although Lyondell will own all the outstanding equity of Millennium after the closing of the proposed transaction, debt covenants will limit its ability
to transfer cash between Lyondell and Millennium. In addition, as described below, debt covenants will continue to limit transfers of cash between Lyondell and Equistar and between Millennium and Equistar, even though Equistar will be indirectly
wholly owned by Lyondell. Existing debt covenants will also continue to limit transfers of cash between Lyondell and LCR, of which Lyondell owns 58.75%. 

One of Millenniums indentures currently prevents it from paying dividends on its capital stock, including dividends to Lyondell after the
proposed transaction. This prohibition will continue unless and until Millenniums cumulative earnings and its fixed charge coverage ratio reach specified levels. Accordingly, cash flow of Millennium will not be available to Lyondell to fund
Lyondells needs, such as servicing Lyondells debt, 



paying its capital expenditures or paying dividends to its shareholders, at least for the near term and pending improvement in business conditions.

Lyondells indentures contain a covenant that
currently prohibits it from making cash investments in subsidiaries and joint ventures which are not restricted subsidiaries as defined in the indentures, subject to only limited exceptions. Even if the proposed transaction is completed, Millennium
and Equistar will not qualify as restricted subsidiaries unless and until certain fixed charge coverage ratio tests and other requirements are met. Lyondells flexibility to make investments in LCR, and Millenniums flexibility to make
investments in Equistar, after the closing of the proposed transaction also will continue to be limited by other tests. 

Some of Equistars indentures require that it make additional interest payments to the noteholders if it makes distributions to its owners when it
does not meet a specified fixed charge coverage ratio. LCRs credit facility would prohibit the payment of distributions to Lyondell and LCRs other owner during an event of default thereunder. These provisions may deter or limit the
movement of cash from Equistar to Lyondell and Millennium and from LCR to Lyondell. 

Future borrowings by Lyondells subsidiaries and joint ventures may also contain restrictions on the payment of distributions by such subsidiaries and joint ventures to Lyondell. Applicable state law may also
limit the amounts they are permitted to pay as distributions on their equity interests. The ability of Lyondells subsidiaries and joint ventures to distribute cash to Lyondell is also dependent upon their economic performance, which is
dependent on a variety of factors, including factors described elsewhere in this Risk Factors section and the Disclosure Regarding Forward Looking Statements section beginning on page 41. For example, Equistar made no
distributions to its owners in 2003, 2002 or 2001 as a result of continuing adverse conditions in the industry. 

If Lyondells operations do not generate the additional cash needed to pay the additional dividends payable as a result of the issuance of shares in the proposed transaction and any shares of Lyondell common stock
issued in the future, and Lyondell is unable to or does not obtain such cash from its joint ventures or Millennium, then Lyondell will have to either fund the additional dividends using available cash or the proceeds of external financing, if
available, or reduce its per share dividend. 

After the completion of the proposed transaction, Lyondell will need an additional $55.8 million to $62.1 million per year to maintain its current dividend rate and pay dividends on the additional shares of Lyondell common stock to be
issued at the closing (assuming 62 million to 69 million shares are issued at closing). Debt covenants described in the immediately preceding risk factor may continue to preclude Millennium from distributing its excess cash flow, if any, to
Lyondell, and Lyondell expects transaction-related synergies and cost savings that are realized by Lyondell to generate only a portion of the cash required for such additional dividends. The amount of cash necessary to pay dividends at the current
rate will be further increased by $33.7 million if Occidental exercises its right, at any time after August 21, 2004, to convert its 37.4 million shares of Lyondell Series B common stock (on which Lyondell has the right to pay dividends in
additional shares of Lyondell Series B common stock rather than in cash) to shares of Lyondell common stock. The amount of cash needed for such dividends will also be increased if and to the extent Millenniums convertible debentures are
converted into Lyondell common stock and Millennium stock options are exercised for shares. If the results of Lyondells operations do not generate the additional cash needed to pay Lyondells current per share dividend rate on all such
additional shares of Lyondell common stock that are issued and Lyondell is unable to or does not obtain such cash from its joint ventures or Millennium, then Lyondell will have to either fund the additional dividends using available cash or the
proceeds of external financing, if available, or reduce its per share dividend. 

Lyondells credit agreement and the indentures for its senior secured and senior subordinated notes contain restrictions that provide that Lyondell may not pay dividends on Lyondell shares at an annual rate
exceeding $0.90 per share. In addition, Lyondell is not permitted to pay dividends if it is in default under its credit agreement. See Comparative Market Prices and Dividends on page 132. 



Without a standby credit facility or alternative financing, Millennium may not have sufficient funds to repurchase any of its 9.25% notes tendered pursuant to a change in control provision in the indenture governing those
notes that will be triggered by the proposed transaction. 

The indenture governing $475 million principal amount of Millenniums 9.25% senior notes due 2008 gives the holders the right, for up to 60 days from the date of notice, to require Millennium to purchase all or
any part of each holders 9.25% senior notes at a purchase price in cash equal to 101% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest, upon a change in control of Millennium. Completion of the proposed transaction will
trigger this obligation. Millennium may not be able to obtain a waiver of this obligation from the noteholders or arrange a standby credit facility to fund the purchase of any tendered notes, and the obligations of Lyondell and Millennium to close
the proposed transaction are not conditioned on any such waiver or arrangement. The managements of Lyondell and Millennium may be incorrect in their assessment that it is, in light of current trading prices for the notes, unlikely that a substantial
amount of notes will be tendered. Without the standby facility or alternative financing arrangements, Millennium may not have sufficient funds to purchase the notes if a substantial amount are tendered. The failure of Millennium to purchase tendered
notes would constitute an event of default potentially leading to acceleration of this and other debt. The terms of any standby facility or alternative financing arrangement may be less favorable than those of the Millennium notes. 

Risks Relating to the Businesses of the Combined Company 

The cyclicality of the chemical and refining industries may cause significant fluctuation in the combined companys operating results. 

The historical operating results of Lyondell, Millennium and Equistar reflect the cyclical and volatile nature of the
supply-demand balance in both the chemical and refining industries. After the proposed transaction, the combined companys operating results will continue to be affected by this cyclicality and volatility. These industries historically have
experienced alternating periods of capacity shortages leading to tight supply, causing prices and profit margins to increase, followed by periods when substantial capacity is added, resulting in oversupply, declining capacity utilization rates and
declining prices and profit margins. The cyclicality of these industries results in volatile profits and cash flow over the business cycle. 

There is overcapacity in the chemical industry, as a number of participants in the chemical industry, including Lyondell, have added capacity and demand
growth has lagged behind rates experienced historically. Future growth in product demand may not be sufficient to utilize current or additional capacity. Excess industry capacity has depressed Lyondells, Millenniums and Equistars
volumes and margins, and may depress the combined companys volumes and margins. The global economic and political environment continues to be uncertain. This environment and uncertainty has contributed to low industry operating rates, added to
the volatility of raw material and energy costs, and forestalled the industrys recovery from trough conditions, which has placed pressure on Lyondells, Millenniums and Equistars results of operations, and may also place
pressure on the combined companys results of operations. As a result of excess industry capacity and weak demand for products, as well as rising energy costs and raw materials prices, Lyondell, Millennium and Equistar all reported operating
losses in 2003 and the combined companys operating results may also be volatile. 

Costs of raw materials and energy may result in increased operating expenses and reduced results of operations. 

Lyondell, Millennium and Equistar purchase large amounts of raw materials and energy for their businesses. The cost of these raw materials and energy, in
the aggregate, represents a substantial portion of their operating expenses. The prices of raw materials and energy used for most of the combined companys products generally follow price trends of, and vary with market conditions for, crude
oil and natural gas, which may be highly volatile and cyclical. Raw material costs have remained at high levels in 2003 and the first half of 2004. The results of operations of Lyondell, Millennium and Equistar have been, and the results of
operations for the combined company could be in the future, significantly affected by increases and volatility in these costs. Price increases may increase working capital needs, which could reduce liquidity and cash flow for the combined company.



In addition, higher North American natural gas prices relative to natural gas cost-advantaged
regions, such as the Middle East, have diminished the ability of many domestic chemical producers to compete internationally since natural gas prices affect a significant portion of the industrys raw materials and energy sources. This
environment has caused a reduction in Equistars exports, and has reduced the competitiveness of U.S. producers. It also has increased the competition for sales of chemicals in North America, as U.S. production that would otherwise have been
sold overseas was instead offered for sale domestically, resulting in excess supply and lower margins in North America. 

Millennium has a limited number of suppliers for some of its raw materials, and if one of these suppliers were unable to meet its obligations, Millennium could incur supply shortages or price increases for its raw
materials. 

Millennium has a limited number of
suppliers for some of its raw materials, and the number of sources for and availability of raw materials is specific to the particular geographic region in which a facility is located. Generally, Millennium has purchased its raw materials pursuant
to one-year to six-year supply contracts that expire in 2004 through 2006. In 2003, Millennium purchased 71% of its titanium-bearing ores from two suppliers, Rio Tinto Iron & Titanium Inc. (through its affiliates Richards Bay Iron & Titanium
(Proprietary) Limited and QIT-Fer et Titane Inc.) and Iluka Resources Limited under multiple year contractual commitments. In addition, Millennium obtains chlorine and caustic soda exclusively from one supplier for its Australian operations under a
long-term supply agreement. Moreover, Millennium purchases all of its carbon monoxide from Linde AG pursuant to a long-term contract based primarily on the cost of production. Each of Millenniums chloride TiO

 manufacturing plants has long-term supply agreements for oxygen and nitrogen through either nearby suppliers dedicated to the site or through a direct
pipeline arrangement. Each of these contracts is an exclusive supply contract. Accordingly, if one of these suppliers were unable to meet its obligations under present supply arrangements, Millennium could suffer reduced supplies or be forced to
incur increased prices for its raw materials. 

Lyondell, Millennium and Equistar will continue to sell commodity products in highly competitive markets and face significant price pressure. 

Lyondell, Millennium and Equistar will continue to sell their products in highly competitive markets. Due to the
commodity nature of certain of their products, competition in these markets is based primarily on price and to a lesser extent on product performance, product quality, product deliverability, reliability of supply and customer service. As a result,
Lyondell, Millennium and Equistar generally will not be able to protect their market position for these products by product differentiation and may not be able to pass on cost increases to their customers. Accordingly, increases in raw material and
other costs may not necessarily correlate with changes in prices for these products, either in the direction of the price change or in magnitude. In addition, their ability to increase product sales prices, and the timing of those increases, will be
affected by the supply-demand balances for their products, as well as the capacity utilization rates for those products. Timing differences in pricing between rising raw material costs, which may change daily, and contract product prices, which in
many cases are negotiated only monthly or less often, sometimes with an additional lag in effective dates for increases, have reduced and may continue to reduce profitability. 

External factors beyond the control of Lyondell, Millennium and their respective joint ventures can cause fluctuations in demand for their products and in their prices and margins, which may result in lower operating
results. 

External factors beyond the control of
Lyondell, Millennium and their respective joint ventures can cause volatility in the price of raw materials and other operating costs, as well as significant fluctuations in demand for their products and can magnify the impact of economic cycles on
their businesses. Examples of external factors include: 



general economic conditions; 



international events and circumstances; 





competitor actions; and 



governmental regulation in the U.S. and abroad. 

Lyondell and Millennium believe that events in the Middle East have had a particularly adverse influence on their businesses in recent years and may
continue to do so. In addition, a number of Lyondells, Millenniums and their joint ventures products are highly dependent on durable goods markets, such as the housing and automotive markets, which are themselves particularly
cyclical. Many of their and their joint ventures products are components of other chemical products that, in turn, are subject to the supply-demand balance of both the chemical and refining industries and general economic conditions. If the
global economy does not improve, demand for their and their joint ventures products and their operating results would continue to be lower than if they were operating at full capacity. In addition, the impact of the factors cited above has
increased and may continue to increase volatility in prices for crude oil and natural gas and could result in increased raw material costs. Further, these risks could cause increased instability in the financial markets and make their and their
joint ventures ability to access capital more difficult. 

After the proposed transaction, Lyondell, Millennium or their joint ventures may reduce production at or idle a facility for an extended period of time or exit a business because of high raw material prices, an oversupply of a particular
product and/or a lack of demand for that particular product, which makes production uneconomical. Any decision to permanently close facilities or exit a business would result in writing off the remaining book value of the assets involved. Temporary
outages sometimes last for several quarters or, in certain cases, longer, and could cause them or their joint ventures to incur costs, including the expenses of maintaining and restarting these facilities. It is possible that factors like increases
in raw material costs or lower demand in the future will cause them or their joint ventures to further reduce operating rates, idle facilities or exit uncompetitive businesses. 

Operating problems in the businesses of Lyondell, its subsidiaries (including Millennium after the closing) or joint ventures may result in lower operating results. 

The occurrence of material operating problems at facilities owned by
Lyondell or its subsidiaries (including Millennium after the closing) or joint ventures, including, but not limited to, the events described below, may materially reduce the productivity and profitability of a particular manufacturing facility, or
of Lyondell as a whole, during and after the period of such operational difficulties. Lyondells operating results will be dependent on the continued operation of its and its subsidiaries and joint ventures various production
facilities and the ability to complete construction projects on schedule. 

Although Lyondell and its subsidiaries and joint ventures take precautions to enhance the safety of their operations and minimize the risk of disruptions, their operations, along with the operations of other members
of the chemical and refining industries, are subject to hazards inherent in chemical manufacturing and refining and the related storage and transportation of raw materials, products and wastes. These hazards include: 



pipeline leaks and ruptures; 



explosions; 



fires; 



severe weather and natural disasters; 



mechanical failure; 



unscheduled downtime; 



labor difficulties; 



transportation interruptions; 





remediation complications; 



chemical spills; 



discharges or releases of toxic or hazardous substances or gases; 



storage tank leaks; 



other environmental risks; and 



potential terrorist acts. 

Some of these hazards can cause personal injury and loss of life, severe damage to or destruction of property and equipment and environmental damage, and may result in suspension of operations and the imposition of
civil or criminal penalties. 

Furthermore, Lyondell and its
subsidiaries and joint ventures will also continue to be subject to present and future claims with respect to workplace exposure, workers compensation and other matters. Lyondell and its subsidiaries and joint ventures maintain property,
business interruption and casualty insurance that they believe is in accordance with customary industry practices, but they are not, and will not be, fully insured against all potential hazards incident to their business, including losses resulting
from war risks or terrorist acts. As a result of market conditions, premiums and deductibles for certain insurance policies can increase substantially, and in some instances, certain insurance may become unavailable or available only for reduced
amounts of coverage. If Lyondell or its subsidiaries or joint ventures were to incur a significant liability for which they were not fully insured, that company may not be able to finance the amount of the uninsured liability on terms acceptable to
it or at all, and may be obligated to divert a significant portion of its cash flow from normal business operations. 

The combined companys international operations will be subject to exchange rate fluctuations, exchange controls, political risks and other risks relating to non-U.S. operations. 

After the proposed transaction, the combined company will have
substantial international operations, which will be subject to the risks of doing business abroad, including fluctuations in currency exchange rates, transportation delays and interruptions, political and economic instability and disruptions,
restrictions on the transfer of funds, the imposition of duties and tariffs, import and export controls, changes in governmental policies, labor unrest and current and changing regulatory environments. These events could reduce the demand for its
products internationally or decrease the prices at which it can sell its products internationally, which could reduce its operating results. The combined company may not continue to be found to be operating in compliance with applicable customs,
currency exchange control regulations, transfer pricing regulations or any other laws or regulations to which it may be subject. These laws may be modified, the result of which may be to prevent or limit foreign subsidiaries from transferring cash
to the combined company, its subsidiaries or its joint ventures. 

In addition, the combined company and its subsidiaries will generate revenue from export sales and operations conducted outside the U.S. that may be denominated in currencies other than the relevant functional
currency. Exchange rates between these currencies and U.S. dollars in recent years have fluctuated significantly and may do so in the future. Future events, which may significantly increase or decrease the risk of future movement in foreign
currencies in which they conduct their business, cannot be predicted. The combined company and its subsidiaries also may hedge certain revenues and costs using derivative instruments to minimize the impact of changes in the exchange rates of those
currencies compared to the respective functional currencies, though they do not use derivative financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes. It is possible that fluctuations in foreign exchange rates will result in reduced operating
results. 



LCRs crude oil supply agreement with PDVSA Petrolo, S.A. (PDVSA Oil) is important to LCRs operations because it reduces the volatility of earnings and cash flow. The agreement is currently subject to
litigation and subject to the risk of enforcing judgments against non-U.S. affiliates of a sovereign nation and force majeure risks. 

Most of the crude oil used by LCR as a raw material for its refinery is purchased under the crude supply agreement with PDVSA Oil, an affiliate of
Petrleos de Venezuela, S.A. (PDVSA), which was entered into in 1993. The crude supply agreement incorporates formula prices to be paid by LCR for the crude oil supplied based on the market value of a slate of refined products deemed to be
produced from each particular crude oil or raw material, less (1) certain deemed refining costs adjustable for inflation and energy costs, (2) certain actual costs and (3) a deemed margin, which varies according to the grade of crude oil or other
raw material delivered. The actual refining margin earned by LCR may vary from the formula amount depending on, among other things, timing differences in incorporating changes in refined product market values and energy costs into the crude supply
agreements deemed margin calculations and the efficiency with which LCR conducts its operations. Although LCR believes that the crude supply agreement reduces the volatility of its earnings and cash flows over the long-term, the crude supply
agreement also limits LCRs ability to enjoy higher margins during periods when the market price of crude oil is low relative to the then-current market prices for refined products. In addition, if the actual yields, costs or volumes of the LCR
refinery differ substantially from those contemplated by the crude supply agreement, the benefits of this agreement to LCR could be substantially diminished, and could result in lower earnings and cash flow for LCR. Furthermore, there may be periods
during which LCRs costs for crude oil under the crude supply agreement may be higher than might otherwise be available to LCR from other sources. A disparate increase in the price of heavy crude oil relative to the prices of heavy crude oil
under the crude supply agreement has the tendency to make continued performance of its obligations under the crude supply agreement less attractive to PDVSA Oil. 

The crude supply agreement provides that Lyondell controls all of LCRs decisions and enforcement rights in connection
with the crude supply agreement so long as PDVSA has a direct or indirect ownership interest in LCR. However, there are risks associated with reliance on PDVSA Oil for supplies of crude oil and with enforcing the provisions of contracts with
companies such as PDVSA Oil that are non-U.S. affiliates of a sovereign nation. All of the crude oil supplied by PDVSA Oil under the crude supply agreement is produced in the Republic of Venezuela, which has experienced economic difficulties and
attendant social and political changes and unrest in recent years, including a national strike during the fourth quarter of 2002 and the first quarter of 2003 that disrupted crude oil deliveries to LCR. The Republic of Venezuela may continue to
experience these difficulties and changes. It is impossible to predict how governmental policies may change under the current or any subsequent Venezuelan government. In addition, there are risks associated with enforcing judgments of U.S. courts
against entities whose assets are located outside of the U.S. and whose management does not reside in the U.S. Although the parties have negotiated certain alternative arrangements in the event of specified force majeure conditions, including
Venezuelan governmental or other actions restricting or otherwise limiting PDVSA Oils ability to perform its obligations, any such alternative arrangements may not be as beneficial to LCR as the crude supply agreement. From time to time,
Lyondell and PDVSA have had discussions covering both a restructuring of the crude supply agreement and a broader restructuring of the LCR partnership. Lyondell is unable to predict whether changes in either arrangement will occur. 

If the crude supply agreement is modified or terminated or this source of
crude oil is otherwise interrupted, due to production difficulties, political or economic events in Venezuela or other factors, LCR could experience significantly lower earnings and cash flows. Subject to the consent of the other partner and rights
of first offer and first refusal, the partners each have a right to transfer their interests in LCR to unaffiliated third parties in certain circumstances. If neither CITGO, PDVSA Oil or their affiliates were a partner in LCR, PDVSA Oil would have
an option to terminate the crude supply agreement. Depending on then-current market conditions, any breach or termination of the crude supply agreement, or reduction in supply thereunder, would require LCR to purchase all or a portion of its crude
oil in the merchant market, could subject LCR to significant volatility and price fluctuations. Alternative crude oil supplies with similar margins may not be available for purchase by LCR. 



Under the crude supply agreement, PDVSA Oil is required to sell, and LCR is required to purchase, 230,000
barrels per day of extra heavy crude oil, which constitutes approximately 86% of the LCR refining capacity of 268,000 barrels per day of crude oil. Since April 1998, PDVSA Oil has, from time to time, declared itself in a force majeure situation and
subsequently reduced deliveries of crude oil. Such reductions in deliveries were purportedly based on announced OPEC production cuts. At such time, PDVSA Oil informed LCR that the Venezuelan government, through the Ministry of Energy and Mines, had
instructed that production of certain grades of crude oil be reduced. In certain circumstances, PDVSA Oil made payments to LCR under a different provision of the crude supply agreement in partial compensation for such reductions. 

In January 2002, PDVSA Oil again declared itself in a force majeure situation
and, beginning in March 2002, reduced deliveries of crude oil to LCR. Although deliveries increased to contract levels of 230,000 barrels per day during the third quarter 2002, PDVSA Oil did not revoke its January 2002 force majeure declaration
during 2002. A national strike in Venezuela began in early December 2002 and disrupted deliveries of crude oil to LCR under the crude supply agreement. PDVSA Oil again declared a force majeure and reduced deliveries of crude oil to LCR. In March
2003, PDVSA Oil notified LCR that the force majeure had been lifted with respect to crude oil under the crude supply agreement. 

LCR has consistently contested the validity of PDVSA Oils and PDVSAs reductions in deliveries under the crude supply agreement. The parties
have different interpretations of the provisions of the contracts concerning the delivery of crude oil. The contracts do not contain dispute resolution procedures, and the parties have been unable to resolve their commercial dispute. As a result, on
February 1, 2002, LCR filed a lawsuit against PDVSA and PDVSA Oil in connection with the force majeure declarations, which LCR is continuing to litigate. 

After the proposed transaction, Lyondell and its subsidiaries (including Millennium) will continue to pursue acquisitions, dispositions and joint ventures. 

After the proposed transaction, Lyondell and its subsidiaries (including
Millennium) will continue to seek opportunities to generate value through business combinations, purchases and sales of assets and contractual arrangements or joint ventures. These transactions would be intended to result in the realization of
synergies, the creation of efficiencies or the generation of cash to reduce debt. Although these transactions would be expected to yield longer-term benefits if the expected efficiencies and synergies of the proposed transactions are realized, they
could reduce the operating results of Lyondell or its subsidiaries in the short term because of the costs associated with such transactions. Other transactions may advance future cash flows from some of Lyondells or its subsidiaries
businesses, thereby yielding increased short-term liquidity, but consequently resulting in lower cash flows from these operations over the longer term. 

Lyondells and Millenniums and their subsidiaries and joint ventures operations and assets are, and, after the proposed transaction, will remain, subject to extensive environmental, health and safety
and other laws and regulations. 

Lyondell and
Millennium cannot predict with certainty the extent of the combined companys future liabilities and costs under environmental, health and safety laws and regulations and whether liabilities and costs will be material. In addition, Lyondell,
Millennium and their subsidiaries and joint ventures may face liability for alleged personal injury or property damage due to exposure to chemicals or other hazardous substances at their facilities or chemicals that they otherwise manufacture,
handle or own. Although these types of claims have not historically had a material impact on the operations of Lyondell, Millennium or their subsidiaries or joint ventures, a substantial increase in the success of these types of claims could result
in the expenditure of a significant amount of cash by Lyondell, Millennium or their subsidiaries or joint ventures to pay claims, and could reduce their operating results. 

Lyondell, Millennium and their subsidiaries and joint ventures (together with the industries in which they operate) are, and
the combined company will be, subject to extensive national, state and local environmental laws 



and regulations concerning, and are required to have permits and licenses regulating, emissions to the air, discharges onto land or waters and the
generation, handling, storage, transportation, treatment and disposal of waste materials. Many of these laws and regulations provide for substantial fines and potential criminal sanctions for violations. Some of these laws and regulations are
subject to varying and conflicting interpretations. In addition, some of these laws and regulations require Lyondell and Millennium and their subsidiaries and joint ventures, and will require the combined company, to meet specific financial
responsibility requirements. Lyondell and Millennium cannot accurately predict future developments, such as increasingly strict environmental laws, and inspection and enforcement policies, as well as higher compliance costs, which might affect the
handling, manufacture, use, emission or disposal of products, other materials or hazardous and non-hazardous waste. Some risk of environmental costs and liabilities is inherent in particular operations and products of Lyondell, Millennium and their
subsidiaries and joint ventures as it is with other companies engaged in similar businesses, and there is no assurance that material costs and liabilities will not be incurred. In general, however, with respect to the costs and risks described
above, Lyondell and Millennium do not expect that the combined company will be affected differently than the rest of the chemicals and refining industry where their facilities are located. 

Environmental laws may have a significant effect on the nature and scope of
cleanup of contamination at current and former operating facilities, the costs of transportation and storage of raw materials and finished products and the costs of the storage and disposal of wastewater. Also, U.S. Superfund statutes
may impose joint and several liability for the costs of remedial investigations and actions on the entities that generated waste, arranged for disposal of the wastes, transported to or selected the disposal sites and the past and present owners and
operators of such sites. All such responsible parties (or any one of them, including the combined company) may be required to bear all of such costs regardless of fault, legality of the original disposal or ownership of the disposal site. In
addition, similar environmental laws and regulations that have been or may be enacted in countries outside of the U.S. may impose similar liabilities and costs upon the combined company. 

Kalamazoo Superfund Site
. A Millennium subsidiary has been named as a potentially responsible party (PRP) in a
Superfund cleanup proceeding at the Allied Paper/Portage Creek/Kalamazoo River Superfund Site in Michigan. The site involves contamination of river sediments and floodplain soils with polychlorinated biphenyls and closure of landfills associated
with former paper mill operations. Litigation concerning the matter was commenced in December 1987 but was subsequently stayed and is being addressed under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act (CERCLA). In October
2000, the Kalamazoo River Study Group, a group of four of the principal PRPs, including one of Millenniums subsidiaries, submitted to the State of Michigan a Draft Remedial Investigation and Draft Feasibility Study for the upper portion of
this site, which evaluated a number of remedial options and recommended a remedy involving the stabilization of several miles of river bank and the long-term monitoring of river sediments at a total collective cost of approximately $73 million. The
five remedial options considered in the draft study range from no action to total dredging of the upper portion of the river and off-site disposal of the dredged materials. In February 2001, the Study Group, at the request of the State of Michigan,
also evaluated nine additional potential remedies. The estimated cost for these remedial options identified in the draft study ranged from $0 to $2.5 billion; however, Millennium strongly believes that the likelihood of the cost being either $0 or
$2.5 billion is remote. During 2001, additional sampling activities were performed in discrete parts of the river. The EPA has taken over as lead agency for the site at the request of the State. While the State has submitted negative comments to the
EPA on the draft study, the EPA has yet to comment. Previously, Millennium estimated its liability for the upper river portion of the site based upon the draft studys recommended remedy. Based on an interim allocation among the Study Group
members, Millennium has historically paid 35% of costs for the river portion of the investigation, however, Millenniums interim allocation is expected to increase based on the withdrawal of one of the two remaining members. Millenniums
share of costs of the study may or may not be indicative of its allocated share for liabilities related to the site. Guidance as to how the EPA will likely proceed with any further evaluation and remediation at the site is not expected until late
2004 at the earliest. When the EPA announces how it intends to proceed with any such evaluation and remediation, Millenniums estimate of its liability at the site will be re-evaluated. Millenniums ultimate liability for the site will
depend on many other factors that have not yet been determined, 



including the remedies selected for the site, the number and financial viability of the other members of the Study Group as well as of other PRPs outside the
Study Group, the determination of the final allocation for site liabilities among the members of the Study Group and other PRPs, and the extent of any natural resource damages. Recently, the EPA identified 14 private entities and seven
municipalities and sent them formal requests for information regarding their possible connection with the site. 

Ozone Standard
. The eight-county Houston/Galveston region has been designated a severe non-attainment area for ozone by the U.S. Environmental
Protection Agency (EPA) under a one-hour ozone standard. Emission reduction controls for nitrogen oxides (NOx), which contribute to ozone formation, must be installed at LCRs refinery and each of
Lyondells two facilities and Equistars six facilities in the Houston/Galveston region prior to a November 2007 compliance deadline for the one-hour ozone standard. Revised rules adopted by the regulatory agencies changed the required NOx
reduction levels from 90% to 80%. Under the revised 80% standard, Lyondell estimates that the incremental capital expenditures would range between $250 million and $300 million for Lyondell, Equistar and LCR, collectively. This range of estimates
could be affected by increased costs for stricter proposed controls over highly reactive, volatile organic compounds (HRVOCs). The regulatory agency for the state of Texas, the Texas Commission on Environmental Quality, or
TCEQ, plans to finalize the HRVOC rules by December 2004. Lyondell, Equistar and LCR are still assessing the impact of the proposed HRVOC revisions. In addition, in April 2004, the EPA designated the eight-county Houston/Galveston region
a moderate non-attainment area under an eight-hour ozone standard. As a result, the TCEQ must submit a plan to the EPA in 2007 to demonstrate compliance with the eight-hour ozone standard in 2010. The TCEQ will continue with its current
plan to revise the HRVOC rules in 2004. The timing and amount of the estimated expenditures are subject to these regulatory and other uncertainties, as well as to obtaining the necessary permits and approvals. The ultimate cost of implementing any
plan developed to comply with the final ozone standards cannot be estimated at this time. 

Gasoline and Diesel Fuel Standards
. The Clean Air Act specified certain emissions standards for vehicles and, in 1998, the EPA concluded that
additional controls on gasoline and diesel fuel were necessary. New standards for gasoline were finalized in 1999 and required refiners to phase in production of a lower sulfur-content gasoline in 2004, with final compliance by 2007. A new
on-road diesel standard was adopted in January 2001 and will require refiners of on-road diesel fuel to produce 80% as ultra low sulfur diesel (ULSD) by June 2006, and 100% by the end of 2009, with less stringent standards
for off-road diesel fuel. The off-road diesel fuel standards, which were finalized during the second quarter of 2004, provide for phased implementation from 2007 to 2014. These gasoline and diesel fuel standards will result in increased
capital investment for LCR. 

In 2003, LCR developed
alternative approaches to complying with the low sulfur gasoline standard and the new diesel fuel standard that will lead to an approximate $300 million reduction in overall estimated capital expenditures for these projects. As a result, LCR
recognized impairment of value of $25 million of project costs incurred. The revised estimated spending for these projects, excluding the $25 million charge, totaled between $165 million to $205 million. LCR significantly reduced the estimated costs
for implementing the new diesel standards as a result of its ability to retrofit current production units. The revised estimated cost for the new diesel standards also reflects LCRs implementation strategy for producing ULSD and off
road diesel. LCR has spent approximately $28 million, excluding the $25 million charge, as of March 31, 2004 for both the gasoline and diesel fuel standards projects. Lyondells 58.75% share of these incremental capital expenditures for
these projects is not expected to exceed $120 million. In addition, these standards could result in higher operating costs for LCR. Equistars operating results may also be reduced if these standards increase the cost for processing fuel
components. 

Other Regulatory Requirements
. In
addition to the environmental matters described above, Lyondell, Millennium and their subsidiaries and joint ventures are, and the combined company will be, subject to other material regulatory requirements, including those relating to the shipment
or exportation of their products. Although Lyondell, Millennium and their subsidiaries and joint ventures have compliance programs and other processes intended to ensure compliance with all such regulations, Lyondell, Millennium and their
subsidiaries 



and joint ventures are subject to the risk that their compliance with such regulations could be challenged. Non-compliance with certain of these regulations
could result in the incurrence of additional costs, penalties or assessments that could be significant. 

Pending or future legislative initiatives may reduce Lyondells MTBE sales. 

In the U.S., the Clean Air Act Amendments of 1990 set minimum levels for oxygenates, such as MTBE, in gasoline sold in areas not meeting specified air
quality standards. However, the presence of MTBE in some water supplies in California and other states due to gasoline leaking from underground storage tanks and in surface water from recreational water craft has led to public concern about the use
of MTBE. Certain U.S. states have banned the use of MTBE, while other U.S. federal and state governmental initiatives have sought either to rescind the oxygen requirement for reformulated gasoline or to restrict or also ban the use of MTBE. During
2003, the U.S. House of Representatives and the U.S. Senate produced an energy bill that would have phased out the use of MTBE over 10 years, but also provided limited liability protection for MTBE. The House of Representatives passed the bill as
reported out of conference, but the Senate has not. Various versions of an energy bill have been considered in the Senate in 2004 that would phase out use of MTBE, but would not provide liability protection. The final form and timing of the
reconciliation of these competing versions of the energy bill in the U.S. Congress is uncertain. 

At the state level, a number of states have legislated MTBE bans. Of these, several are mid-West states that use ethanol as the oxygenate of choice.
Therefore, bans in these states do not impact MTBE demand. However, Connecticut, California and New York have bans of MTBE in place effective January 1, 2004. These bans started to reduce MTBE demand during late 2003. In addition, in 2003 several
major oil companies substantially reduced or discontinued the use of MTBE in gasoline produced for California markets, thereby reducing 2003 demand. Lyondell estimates that, in 2003, California, Connecticut and New York combined represented
approximately one-fourth of U.S. MTBE industry demand. Other Northeastern states have enacted or have proposed future MTBE bans, and gasoline blenders in these states are making decisions that would lead to deselection of MTBE, which will also
negatively impact U.S. MTBE industry demand. 

At this
time, Lyondell cannot predict the full impact that these existing and potential U.S. federal and state governmental initiatives and state bans will have on MTBE margins or volumes longer term. Lyondells North American MTBE sales represented
approximately 26% of its total 2002 revenues and 17% of its total 2003 revenues. Lyondell intends to continue marketing MTBE in the U.S. In the short term, in response to market conditions, Lyondell is capable of adjusting, within design limits, the
relative ratios of PO and TBA produced at its PO/TBA plants. It can also shift more of its PO production to PO/SM plants from PO/TBA plants, as necessary. This flexibility has increased with the fourth quarter 2003 startup of the Maasvlakte PO/SM
plant. However, should it become necessary or desirable to significantly reduce MTBE production, Lyondell would need to make capital expenditures to add the flexibility to produce alternative gasoline blending components, such as iso-octane,
iso-octene or ethyl tertiary butyl ether (ETBE), at its U.S.-based MTBE plant. Under the more expensive iso-octane alternative, the current estimated costs for converting Lyondells U.S.-based MTBE plant to iso-octane production
range from $65 million to $75 million. Alternatively, Lyondells U.S.-based MTBE plant could be converted to ETBE production with minimal capital expenditure. Lyondell is pursuing ETBE viability through legislative efforts. One key hurdle is
equal access to the federal subsidy provided for ethanol blended into gasoline for the ethanol component of ETBE. Lyondell has not made any capital commitments regarding any of these alternatives at this time, and any ultimate decision will depend
upon further regulatory and market developments. The profit contribution related to alternative gasoline blending components is likely to be lower than that historically realized on MTBE. 

Proceedings relating to the alleged exposure to lead-based paints and lead pigments could require Millennium to expend material amounts in litigation and settlement costs and judgments. 

Together with other alleged past manufacturers of lead-based paint and lead
pigments for use in paint, Millennium has been named as a defendant in various legal proceedings alleging that Millennium and other 



manufacturers are responsible for personal injury, property damage, and remediation costs allegedly associated with the use of these products. The plaintiffs
in these legal proceedings include municipalities, counties, school districts, individuals and the State of Rhode Island, and seek recovery under a variety of theories, including negligence, failure to warn, breach of warranty, conspiracy, market
share liability, fraud, misrepresentation and nuisance. All these legal proceedings are in various pre-trial, post-trial and post-dismissal settings, some of which are on appeal. The first phase of a proposed multi-phase trial in the Rhode Island
proceeding commenced on September 4, 2002. On October 29, 2002, the judge in that case declared a mistrial after the jury declared itself deadlocked. The sole issue before the jury was whether lead pigment in paint in and on Rhode Island buildings
constituted a public nuisance. This case is tentatively set to be retried on April 6, 2005. An order is anticipated from the court specifying the additional issues to be considered by the jury in the retrial beyond the public nuisance
questions considered by the jury in the first trial. While Millennium believes that it has valid defenses to all the lead-based paint and lead pigment proceedings and is vigorously defending them, litigation is inherently subject to many
uncertainties. Additional lead-based paint and lead pigment litigation may be filed against Millennium in the future asserting similar or different legal theories and seeking similar or different types of damages and relief, and any adverse court
rulings or determinations of liability, among other factors, could affect this litigation by encouraging an increase in the number of future claims and proceedings. In addition, from time to time, legislation and administrative regulations have been
enacted or proposed to impose obligations on present and former manufacturers of lead-based paint and lead pigment respecting asserted health concerns associated with such products or to overturn successful court decisions. Millennium is unable to
predict the outcome of lead-based paint and lead pigment litigation, the number or nature of possible future claims and proceedings, and the effect that any legislation and/or administrative regulations may have on the litigation against Millennium.
In addition, Millennium cannot reasonably estimate the scope or amount of the costs and potential liabilities related to such litigation, or any such legislation and regulations. Thus, any liability Millennium incurs with respect to pending or
future lead-based paint or lead pigment litigation, or any legislation or regulations, could to the extent not covered by insurance have a material impact on Millenniums and, therefore, the combined companys financial position, results
of operations or cash flows. 

Risks Relating to Failure to Complete the Proposed Transaction 

If the proposed transaction does not occur, neither company will benefit from the expenses it has incurred in pursuit of the proposed transaction and either company may be subject to a termination fee. 

If the proposed transaction is not completed, Lyondell and
Millennium will have incurred substantial expenses for which neither party will have received a benefit. Additionally, if the agreement and plan of merger is terminated because Lyondell or Millennium accepts a proposal for a superior alternative
transaction or under other specified circumstances, Lyondell or Millennium may be required to pay the other party a termination fee of $30 million. See Summary of the Agreement and Plan of MergerEffect of Termination beginning on
page 119. 

Failure to complete the proposed transaction could cause Lyondells or Millenniums stock price to decline. 

If the proposed transaction is not completed for any reason, Lyondells or Millenniums stock price may decline if the current market
price reflects a market assumption that the proposed transaction will be completed or based on the markets perception as to the reasons why the proposed transaction was not completed. 



DISCLOSURE REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This joint proxy statement/prospectus, including the Annexes, and the documents incorporated by reference in this joint proxy statement/prospectus, contain both historical and forward looking statements. All
statements other than statements of historical fact are, or may be deemed to be, forward looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, referred to as the Exchange
Act. Forward looking statements include information concerning possible or assumed future results of operations of Lyondell, Millennium, Equistar and the combined company that Lyondell and Millennium expect, project, believe, or anticipate will or
may occur in the future, including statements about the following subjects: 

      benefits, effects or results of the proposed
transaction,

      cost reductions, operating efficiencies or synergies resulting from the proposed transaction,

      operations and results after the proposed transaction,

      integration of operations,

      business strategies,

      growth opportunities,

      competitive position,

      market outlook,

      expected financial position,

      expected
results of operations,

      future cash flows,

      future dividends,

      financing plans,

      budgets
for capital and other expenditures,

      timing and cost of completion of capital projects,

      plans and objectives of management,

      timing of
the closing of the proposed transaction,

      tax treatment of the proposed transaction,

      accounting treatment of the proposed transaction,

      costs in
connection with the proposed transaction, and

      any other statements regarding future growth, future cash needs, future operations, business plans and future financial results, and any other statements that are not historical
facts.

The following factors
could affect the future results of operations of the combined company and could cause those results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward looking statements included in this document or incorporated by reference herein:



the cyclical nature of the chemical and refining industries; 



the availability, cost and volatility of raw materials and utilities; 



uncertainties associated with the U.S. and worldwide economies, including those due to political tensions and events in the Middle East and elsewhere; 



current and potential governmental regulatory actions in the U.S. and regulatory actions and political unrest in other countries; 



industry production capacity and operating rates; 



the supply/demand balance for the products of Lyondell, Millennium and their respective joint ventures; 



risks of doing business outside the U.S., including currency fluctuations; 



competitive products and pricing pressures; 



access to capital markets; 





potential terrorist acts; 



operating interruptions (including leaks, explosions, fires, weather-related incidents, mechanical failure, unscheduled downtime, labor difficulties, transportation interruptions,
spills and releases and other environmental risks); and 



technological developments. 

Many of these factors are beyond Lyondells, Millenniums or their respective joint ventures ability to control or predict. Any of these
factors or a combination of these factors could materially affect future results of operations and the ultimate accuracy of the forward looking statements. For a discussion of these and other factors, see Risk Factors beginning on page
24. These forward looking statements are not guarantees of their future performance, and their actual results and future developments may vary materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Management cautions against putting
undue reliance on forward looking statements or projecting any future results based on such statements or present or prior earnings levels. 

You should not place undue reliance on forward looking statements contained in any section of this joint proxy statement/prospectus, including the
Annexes, or in any document incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus, because they are statements about events that are not certain to occur as described or at all. All forward looking statements in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus are qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained in this joint proxy statement/prospectus (including this section, Risk Factors beginning on page 24 and the Lyondells Reasons
for the Proposed Transaction and Millenniums Reasons for the Proposed Transaction subsections of Proposals to Approve the Proposed Transaction beginning on pages 58 and 60) or incorporated by reference
herein. 

All subsequent written and oral forward looking
statements concerning the proposed transaction or other matters addressed in this joint proxy statement/prospectus and attributable to Lyondell or Millennium or any person acting on their behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the
cautionary statements contained in or referred to in this section. Except to the extent required by applicable law or regulation, neither Lyondell nor Millennium undertakes any obligation to release publicly any revisions to such forward looking
statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. 

In addition, this joint proxy statement/prospectus contains summaries of contracts and other documents. These summaries may not contain all of the
information that is important to a Lyondell or Millennium shareholder, and reference is made to the actual contract or document for a more complete understanding of the contract or document involved. 



INDUSTRY AND OTHER INFORMATION 

Lyondell 

The data
included or incorporated by reference in this joint proxy statement/prospectus regarding the chemical industry, product capacity and ranking, including Lyondells and Equistars respective capacity positions and the capacity positions of
their competitors for certain products, is based on independent industry publications, reports from government agencies or other published industry sources and Lyondells estimates. These estimates are based on information obtained from
Lyondells and Equistars customers, distributors, suppliers, trade and business organizations and other contacts in the markets in which Lyondell and Equistar operate and Lyondells managements knowledge and experience.
Lyondell believes these estimates to be accurate as of the date of the document in which the estimates were made or as of the date specified in such document. However, this information may prove to be inaccurate because of the methods by which
Lyondell obtained some of the data for their estimates or because this information cannot always be verified with complete certainty due to the limits on availability and reliability of raw data, the voluntary nature of the data gathering process
and other limitations and uncertainties inherent in these surveys. Further, Lyondells estimates involve risks and uncertainties and are subject to change based on various factors, including those discussed under the heading Risk
Factors beginning on page 24. 

Millennium 

Unless
otherwise indicated, information contained in, or incorporated by reference in, this joint proxy statement/prospectus concerning the chemical industry and Millenniums general expectations concerning this industry and the capacity position and
capacity share of Millennium is based on estimates prepared by Millennium using data from various sources, and on assumptions made by Millennium based on such data and Millenniums knowledge of the chemical industry. Millennium has not
independently verified data from industry sources and cannot guarantee its accuracy or completeness. In addition, Millennium believes that data regarding the chemical industry and Millenniums capacity position and capacity share within such
industry provide general guidance but are inherently imprecise. Further, Millenniums estimates involve risks and uncertainties and are subject to change based on various factors, including those discussed under the heading Risk
Factors beginning on page 24. 



THE SPECIAL MEETINGS 

This joint
proxy statement/prospectus is being furnished to you in connection with the solicitation of proxies by each of Lyondells and Millenniums boards of directors for use at their respective special meetings. It is expected that proxy
materials will be sent to the Lyondell and Millennium shareholders beginning on or about                 , 2004. 

Date, Time and Place of the Special Meetings 

The special meetings are scheduled to be held on                 , 2004, as follows: 

For Lyondell shareholders:

For Millennium shareholders:

         a.m., Texas time

General Assembly Room

One Houston Center, 42nd floor

1221 McKinney Street

Houston, Texas 77010

         a.m., Maryland time

Millenniums Offices

20 Wight
Avenue

Hunt Valley, Maryland 21030

Purpose of the Special Meetings and Required Vote 

Lyondell Special Meeting 

At the special meeting of Lyondell shareholders, Lyondells board of directors will ask Lyondell shareholders to consider and vote on the following proposals, as more fully described in this joint proxy statement/prospectus:

(1)

To consider and approve a proposal to issue Lyondell common stock to the shareholders of Millennium in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Agreement and Plan of
Merger dated March 28, 2004 among Lyondell, Millennium and Millennium Subsidiary, a wholly owned subsidiary of Millennium. 

(2)

To consider and approve a proposal to amend and restate Lyondells certificate of incorporation to increase the authorized Lyondell shares (excluding preferred stock) from 420
million shares to 500 million shares. 

Note:
Approval of both Proposals (1) and (2) is a condition to closing the proposed transaction. 

(3)

To consider and approve a proposal to amend and restate Lyondells 1999 incentive plan. 

(4)

To transact any other business as may properly come before the meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof. 

As of the date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus, Lyondells
board of directors is not aware of any other business to be presented for consideration at the Lyondell special meeting. If any other matters should properly come before the special meeting, the persons named in the enclosed Lyondell proxy card will
vote in accordance with their best judgment. The special meeting may be adjourned or postponed, including by the presiding officer, for the purpose of, among other things, soliciting additional proxies. No proxy voted against a proposal will be
voted in favor of any proposal to adjourn or postpone the special meeting for the purpose of soliciting additional votes for such proposal. 

Each of Proposal (1) and Proposal (3) requires the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the votes cast thereon, provided the total votes cast
represent at least 50% of the outstanding Lyondell shares entitled to vote thereon. Proposal (2) requires the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the outstanding Lyondell shares. All Lyondell shares, including Lyondell Series B common stock,
vote together as one class. As of                     , 2004, Lyondells directors and executive officers beneficially owned an aggregate of
approximately         % of 



the issued and outstanding Lyondell shares entitled to vote at Lyondells special meeting. Two members of Lyondells board of directors are
executive officers of Occidental Petroleum Corporation, the beneficial owner of approximately         % of Lyondell shares outstanding on the record date. 

All Lyondell shareholders as of the record date, or their duly appointed
proxies, may attend the meeting. Admission to the meeting will be on a first-come, first-served basis. Registration will begin at     a.m., and the meeting will begin at     a.m. Please note that you may be
asked to present valid picture identification, such as a drivers license or passport when you check in at the registration desk. 

If you hold your shares in street name (that is, through a broker or other nominee), you will need to bring a copy of a brokerage statement
reflecting your stock ownership as of the record date. 

Millennium Special Meeting 

At the
special meeting of Millennium shareholders, Millenniums board of directors will ask Millennium shareholders to consider and vote on the following proposals, as more fully described in this joint proxy statement/prospectus: 

(1)

To consider and approve a proposal to adopt the Agreement and Plan of Merger dated March 28, 2004 among Lyondell, Millennium and Millennium Subsidiary, a wholly owned subsidiary of
Millennium, pursuant to which Millennium Subsidiary will merge with and into Millennium and Millennium will become a subsidiary of Lyondell. 

(2)

To transact any other business as may properly come before the meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof. 

As of the date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus, Millenniums
board of directors is not aware of any other business to be presented for consideration at the Millennium special meeting. If any other matters should properly come before the special meeting, the persons named in the enclosed Millennium proxy card
will vote in accordance with their best judgment. The special meeting may be adjourned or postponed, including by the presiding officer, for the purpose of, among other things, soliciting additional proxies. No proxy voted against the proposal to
adopt the agreement and plan of merger will be voted in favor of any proposal to adjourn or postpone the special meeting for the purpose of soliciting additional votes for such proposal. 

Proposal (1) requires the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the outstanding shares of Millennium common stock
entitled to vote thereon. An affirmative vote for adoption of the agreement and plan of merger is a vote for the merger of Millennium Subsidiary into Millennium and for the other transactions contemplated by the agreement and plan of merger. As of
                    , 2004, Millenniums directors and executive officers beneficially owned an aggregate of approximately
        % of the outstanding shares of Millennium common stock entitled to vote at Millenniums special meeting. 

All Millennium shareholders as of the record date, or their duly appointed proxies, may attend the meeting. Admission to the meeting will be on a
first-come, first-served basis. Registration will begin at     a.m., and the meeting will begin at     a.m. Please note that you may be asked to present valid picture identification, such as a drivers
license or passport when you check in at the registration desk. 

If you hold your shares in street name (that is, through a broker or other nominee), you will need to bring a copy of a brokerage statement reflecting your stock ownership as of the record date.

Record Date, Shares Entitled to Vote and Quorum 

Lyondell 

Lyondells board of directors has fixed the close of business on                 , 2004 as the record date for its special meeting. On the record date,
Lyondell had issued and outstanding              Lyondell shares, including 



             shares of Lyondell Series B common stock. All Lyondell shares will be entitled to
one vote per share on all matters to be voted on by Lyondells shareholders at the special meeting, and all outstanding Lyondell shares, including Lyondell Series B common stock, will vote together as a single class. Only holders of Lyondell
shares on the record date are entitled to vote at the special meeting and any adjournment or postponement thereof. The presence at the Lyondell special meeting, in person or by proxy, of the holders of a majority of the outstanding Lyondell shares
entitled to vote on a proposal will constitute a quorum for that proposal at the Lyondell special meeting. 
If you hold your shares in street name (
i.e.
, through a bank, broker or other nominee), you must provide specific
voting instructions to your bank, broker or other nominee for your shares to be voted at the special meeting.

Millennium 

Millenniums board of directors also has fixed the close of business
on                 , 2004 as the record date for its special meeting. Only holders of Millennium common stock on the record date are entitled to vote at the special
meeting and any adjournment or postponement thereof. On the record date, Millennium had                 shares of common stock issued and outstanding. This amount does
not include                 shares held by Millennium and its subsidiaries and certain Millennium trusts, which are not entitled to be voted. The presence at the
Millennium special meeting, in person or by proxy, of the holders of a majority of the shares of Millennium common stock issued and outstanding and entitled to vote will constitute a quorum for the Millennium special meeting. 
If you hold your
shares in street name (
i.e.
, through a bank, broker or other nominee), you must

provide specific voting instructions to your bank, broker or other nominee for your shares to be voted at the special meeting.

Effect of Abstentions and Broker Non-Votes 

Lyondell Special Meeting 

Abstentions from voting will be counted as present for purposes of determining whether the quorum requirement is satisfied for the Lyondell special meeting. Your failure to vote your Lyondell shares (other than any Lyondell shares held in
the Lyondell, Equistar or LCR 401(k) plan), including abstentions, may have the same effect as a vote against the proposals to (1) issue shares of Lyondell common stock to Millennium shareholders, (2) amend and restate Lyondells certificate of
incorporation to increase the number of authorized Lyondell shares and (3) amend and restate the 1999 incentive plan. Because of the nature of the matters to be voted on, and because there are no other matters to be voted on, there will be no broker
non-votes (proxies submitted by brokers that do not indicate a vote for a proposal because they do not have discretionary voting authority and have not received instructions as to how to vote on the proposal). Accordingly, if a broker or bank holds
your shares you are urged to instruct your broker or bank on how to vote your shares. 
If you fail to instruct the trustee how to vote Lyondell shares you hold in the Lyondell, Equistar or LCR 401(k) plans, the plan fiduciary will instruct the
plans trustee to vote your Lyondell shares, consistent with plan terms and fiduciary responsibilities.

If you fail to instruct the trustee how to vote Lyondell shares you hold in the Millennium 401(k) plan, your Lyondell shares will not
be voted, except as otherwise required by law.

Millennium
 Special Meeting 

Abstentions from voting will be counted as present for purposes of determining whether the quorum requirement is satisfied for the Millennium special meeting. Your failure to vote your Millennium shares (other than
any Millennium shares held in the Lyondell, Equistar or LCR 401(k) plans), including abstentions, will have the same effect as a vote against the proposal to adopt the agreement and plan of merger. Because of the nature of the matter to be voted on,
and because there are no other matters to be voted on, there will be no broker non-votes (proxies submitted by brokers that do not indicate a vote for a proposal because they do not have discretionary voting authority and have not received
instructions as to how to vote on the proposal). Accordingly, if a broker or bank holds your shares you are urged to instruct your broker or bank on how to vote your shares. 
If you fail to instruct the trustee how to vote Millennium shares you
hold in the Millennium 401(k) plan, your 



Millennium shares will not be voted, except as otherwise required by law. If you fail to instruct the trustee how to vote Millennium shares you hold in
the Lyondell, Equistar or LCR 401(k) plans, the plan fiduciary will instruct the plans trustee to vote your Millennium shares, consistent with plan terms and fiduciary responsibilities. 

Proxies 

Voting a Proxy

The enclosed proxy is solicited on behalf of the
board of directors of Lyondell or Millennium as the case may be. As described on the enclosed proxy card, proxies may be submitted: 



over the Internet; 



by telephone; or 



by mail. 

Proxies submitted over the Internet or by telephone must be received by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time
on             , 2004. Proxies may be submitted over the Internet and by telephone 24 hours a day, and shareholders who submit a proxy over the Internet or by telephone do not need to
return a written proxy card. 

When a proxy is returned
properly dated and signed (or is properly submitted over the Internet or by telephone) and includes a shareholders voting instructions, the shares represented by that proxy will be voted by the persons named as proxies in accordance with the
shareholders directions. If a proxy is dated, signed and returned (or submitted over the Internet or by telephone) without specifying the shareholders voting instructions, the shares will be voted as recommended by the board of directors
of your company. As to other items of business that may properly come before the meetings or any adjournments or postponements thereof, the persons named in the accompanying proxy cards will vote in accordance with their best judgment. The special
meeting may be adjourned or postponed, including by the presiding officer, for the purpose of, among other things, soliciting additional proxies. No proxy voted against a proposal will be voted in favor of any proposal to adjourn or postpone the
special meeting for the purpose of soliciting additional votes for such proposal. 

Submitting a proxy by mail or by telephone or over the Internet will not affect your right to vote in person should you decide to attend your companys special meeting. If your shares are held in an account at a
brokerage firm or bank, you must instruct such institution on how to vote your shares. Your broker or bank will vote your shares only if you provide instructions on how to vote by following the information provided to you by your broker or bank. If
you do not instruct your broker, bank or other nominee, they will not be able to vote your shares. 

If you own shares of both Lyondell and Millennium, you must submit a proxy to each of Lyondell and Millennium in order for your shares to be represented
and voted at each special meeting. 

Lyondells 401(k)
plan, in which employees, including executive officers, have account balances, permits plan participants to instruct the plan trustees by mail, by telephone or over the Internet (as indicated on the proxy card sent to participants) on how to vote
any common stock allocated to their accounts. The trustee will vote all shares of common stock for which no participant directions are received as directed by such plans Benefits Administrative Committee, which is made up of certain officers
of Lyondell. Similarly, the trustee will vote all shares of common stock held in benefit plans of Lyondells subsidiaries and joint ventures, including Equistar and LCR, for which no participant directions are received as directed by their
respective plans Benefits Administrative Committee, which may be made up of certain officers of Lyondell. 

Participants in Millenniums 401(k) plan may vote shares of any common stock allocated to them under the plan by instructing the plan trustee by
mail, by telephone or over the Internet (as indicated on the proxy card sent to the participants). Such instructions must be received by the trustees prior to 3:00 p.m. Eastern Time on 



            , 2004. The plan trustee will not vote any shares for which instructions are not
received, except as otherwise required by law. The plan trustee will, however, vote all shares held by the plan that are not yet attributed to individuals, if any, in the same proportion that it votes shares for which it receives timely
instructions, except as otherwise required by law. 

Revoking a Proxy 

A proxy may be
revoked by a shareholder at any time before it is voted by: 



giving notice of the revocation in writing to the Corporate Secretary of your company; 



submitting another valid proxy by mail, telephone or over the Internet that is later dated and, if mailed, is properly signed; or 



voting in person at your companys special meeting if you are a holder of record. 

If you hold your shares in street name you must get a proxy from your broker, bank or other nominee to vote your shares in
person at your companys special meeting. Attendance by a shareholder at one of the special meetings will not, by itself, revoke his or her proxy. 

Soliciting Proxies 

Each of Lyondell and Millennium will pay its own cost of soliciting proxies from its shareholders. Lyondell has retained Morrow & Co., Inc. to assist
with the solicitation of proxies for an estimated fee of $10,000 plus expenses. Millennium has retained Georgeson Shareholder Communications Inc. to assist with the solicitation of proxies for an estimated fee of $13,500 plus expenses. In addition,
some of the executive officers and other employees of Lyondell and Millennium also may solicit proxies personally, by telephone, mail, facsimile or other means of communication, if deemed appropriate. Upon request, Lyondell and Millennium will
reimburse brokers or other persons holding stock in their names or in the names of their nominees for their reasonable expenses in forwarding proxy materials to beneficial owners of Lyondell or Millennium shares. 

Householding 

Some banks, brokers and other nominee record holders of Millennium common
stock may already be participating in the practice of householding proxy statements and annual reports. Millennium will promptly deliver a separate copy of this joint proxy statement/prospectus to you if you write or call Millennium at the following
address or phone number: 20 Wight Avenue, Suite 100, Hunt Valley, Maryland 21030, telephone (410) 229-8113. If you wish to receive separate copies of an annual report or proxy statement in the future, or if you are receiving multiple copies and
would like to receive only one copy for your household, you should contact your bank, broker or other nominee record holder, or you may contact Millennium at the above address and phone number. 

The matters to be considered at the special meetings relating to the
proposed transaction are of great importance to the shareholders of Lyondell and Millennium. Accordingly, you are urged to read and carefully consider the information presented in this joint proxy statement/prospectus, and to complete, date, sign
and promptly return the enclosed proxy in the enclosed postage-paid envelope or submit your proxy by telephone or over the Internet. 

Millenniums shareholders should not send any Millennium stock certificates at this time. A letter of transmittal with instructions for the
surrender of stock certificates for Millennium common stock will be mailed to Millennium shareholders as soon as practicable after completion of the proposed transaction. Lyondell shareholders will retain their existing Lyondell stock certificates.



PROPOSALS TO APPROVE THE PROPOSED TRANSACTION 

Item 1 on Lyondell Proxy Card 

Item 1 on Millennium Proxy Card

This section of the joint proxy statement/prospectus describes
material aspects of the proposed transaction, including a summary of the agreement and plan of merger. While Lyondell and Millennium believe that this description covers the material terms of the proposed transaction, this description may not
contain all of the information that is important to you. You should read carefully this entire joint proxy statement/prospectus, including the Annexes, and the documents Lyondell and Millennium refer to for a more complete understanding of the
proposed transaction. In addition, each of Lyondell and Millennium incorporates important business and financial information about itself into this joint proxy statement/prospectus by reference. You may obtain the information incorporated by
reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus without charge by following the instructions in the section entitled Where You Can Find More Information beginning on page 173. 

Structure of the Proposed Transaction 

On March 28, 2004, Lyondell, Millennium and Millennium Subsidiary entered into an agreement and plan of merger providing for a stock-for-stock business combination. In the proposed transaction, upon the terms and subject to the satisfaction
or waiver (to the extent permitted by law) of the conditions set forth in the agreement and plan of merger, Millennium Subsidiary will merge with and into Millennium, with Millennium surviving the merger. Immediately before the merger, Millennium
will issue one share of preferred stock (valued at approximately $1,000) to Lyondell in exchange for shares of Lyondell common stock (valued at approximately $1,000). At the effective time of the merger, Millennium common stock will be converted
into the right to receive Lyondell common stock, and the share of Millennium preferred stock owned by Lyondell will be converted into common stock of Millennium. As a result, Millennium will become a wholly owned subsidiary of Lyondell. At the time
of the merger, the Lyondell common stock issued to Millennium immediately prior to the merger will be transferred back to Lyondell. 

The number of shares of Lyondell common stock to be received by the Millennium shareholders in the proposed transaction will be based on the exchange
ratio. The exchange ratio will be between 0.95 and 1.05 shares of Lyondell common stock for each share of Millennium common stock they hold, depending on the average of the volume-weighted average sale prices for Lyondell common stock for the 20
trading days ending on the third trading day before the closing of the proposed transaction. Millennium shareholders will receive 0.95 of a share of Lyondell common stock for each share of Millennium common stock if that average price is $20.50 or
greater and 1.05 shares of Lyondell common stock if it is $16.50 or less. Between these two average prices, the exchange ratio will be proportionately adjusted between 0.95 and 1.05 as described under Summary of the Agreement and Plan of
MergerThe Exchange Ratio beginning on page 109. Millennium shareholders will receive cash for fractional shares of Lyondell common stock. The terms and conditions of the agreement and plan of merger are summarized under Summary of
the Agreement and Plan of Merger beginning on page 109. 

Upon the consummation of the proposed transaction, Lyondells shareholders will own approximately 72% of the combined company and Millennium shareholders will own approximately 28%, based on the number of Lyondells and
Millenniums outstanding shares on May 31, 2004 and the closing price of Lyondell common stock on May 28, 2004. 

Recommendation of Lyondells Board of Directors 

In order for Lyondell and Millennium to complete the proposed transaction, Lyondell shareholders must approve the proposal to issue shares of Lyondell common stock to Millennium shareholders in the proposed
transaction. 



The issuance of shares of Lyondell common stock to Millennium shareholders in the proposed transaction
was approved by unanimous vote of those present at the March 28, 2004 meeting of Lyondells board of directors, and the two directors not present at the meeting have confirmed in writing that they also are in favor of the proposal.
Lyondells board of directors believes that the proposed transaction is advisable and in the best interest of Lyondells shareholders. Lyondells board of directors unanimously recommends that Lyondell shareholders vote
FOR approval of the issuance of Lyondell common stock to Millennium shareholders in connection with the proposed transaction. Properly dated and signed proxies, and proxies properly submitted over the Internet and by telephone, will be
so voted unless Lyondell shareholders specify otherwise. 

Approval by Lyondell shareholders of the proposal to amend and restate Lyondells certificate of incorporation to increase the number of authorized Lyondell shares also is a condition to closing the proposed transaction.
Lyondells board of directors also unanimously recommends that Lyondell shareholders vote FOR that proposal. For more information about that proposal, please see Proposal to Approve the Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation of Lyondell beginning on page 106. 

In considering their recommendation, you should be aware that Lyondells directors and officers have interests in the proposed transaction that are different from, or are in addition to, the interests of Lyondell shareholders
generally. Please see the section entitled Interests of Certain Persons in the Proposed Transaction beginning on page 91. Lyondells board of directors was aware of these interests and considered them in approving the
agreement and plan of merger and the issuance of shares of Lyondell common stock to the Millennium shareholders in the proposed transaction. 

Recommendation of Millenniums Board of Directors 

In order for Lyondell and Millennium to complete the proposed transaction, Millenniums shareholders must adopt the agreement and plan of merger. 

The agreement and plan of merger was approved by unanimous vote of Millenniums board of directors at a March 28,
2004 meeting. Millenniums board of directors believes that the proposed transaction is advisable and in the best interest of Millenniums shareholders. Millenniums board of directors unanimously recommends that Millennium
shareholders vote FOR adoption of the agreement and plan of merger. Properly dated and signed proxies, and proxies properly submitted over the Internet and by telephone, will be so voted unless Millennium shareholders specify otherwise.

In considering their recommendation, you should be
aware that some of the directors and officers of Millennium have interests in the proposed transaction that are different from, or are in addition to, the interests of Millennium shareholders generally. Among other things, Mr. Lee, Millenniums
president and chief executive officer and a member of Millenniums board of directors who voted to approve the proposed transaction, will be entitled to receive, as a result of the proposed transaction, an estimated $9 million in cash,
distribution of ELTIP Shares, accelerated vesting of his restricted shares and stock options and reimbursement for all excise taxes on such distributions on a fully grossed-up basis. Please see the section entitled Interests of Certain
Persons in the Proposed Transaction beginning on page 91. Millenniums board of directors was aware of these interests and considered them in approving the agreement and plan of merger and the transactions contemplated thereby.

Background of the Proposed Transaction 

Millennium has been an independent, publicly owned company since its demerger (i.e., spin-off) from Hanson PLC in October 1996, when Hanson transferred its chemical operations, including the petrochemicals and polymers businesses of
Millennium Petrochemicals Inc. (which was then named Quantum Chemical Corporation) and Hansons TiO

 and
fragrance and flavors businesses to Millennium. Quantum had been an independent, publicly owned company until its acquisition by Hanson in September 1993. 



On several occasions before the demerger of Millennium, the possibility of a business combination between
Lyondell and Quantum was explored by such companies or their then-parent entities. Sometimes the discussions were initiated by or on behalf of Lyondell, other times by Quantum or Hanson. These discussions included inquiries that Lyondell made to
Hanson in 1996 between the announcement and completion of the demerger, which Hanson declined in favor of pursuing the demerger. 

In January 1997, the senior managements of Lyondell and Millennium decided to explore various alternatives for combining the petrochemicals and polymers
businesses of the two companies. These discussions culminated in an agreement to form Equistar, which was announced in July 1997 and completed on December 1, 1997. Initially, Lyondells subsidiaries owned 57% of Equistar and Millenniums
subsidiaries owned 43%. Since it was formed, Equistar has been managed by a Partnership Governance Committee that includes representatives of each owner. 

Occidental joined Equistar in May 1998, contributing its petrochemicals business. After giving effect to Occidentals contribution, Lyondells
subsidiaries owned 41% of Equistar, Millenniums subsidiaries 29.5% and Occidentals subsidiaries 29.5%. 

The Equistar governing documents contained right of first option provisions, under which, if any of the three parent entities wished to sell
its interest in Equistar or the stock of its partner subsidiaries that owned its interest, it was required to give notice to the other parent entities, stating the price at which it wished to sell the interest and the other proposed
terms. The other parent entities then had a 45-day period in which to exercise a right of first option to purchase the interest or shares at that price and on the other proposed terms. If both of the other parent entities wished to exercise the
right, the governing documents provided that they were to do so pro rata in accordance with their existing ownership interests in Equistar. The documents also provided that any sale must be for cash and that various other requirements be satisfied,
unless otherwise approved by the parent entities not participating in the transaction. 

The Equistar governing documents also contained a standstill agreement, under which each of the parent entities agreed that neither it nor any of its affiliates would, among other things, make any
unsolicited proposal for a merger or other business combination involving either of the other parent entities or otherwise seek to control either of the others, except in each case with the prior written invitation of such other parent entity. The
standstill provisions continued to apply to a parent and its affiliates for 24 months after the date on which the parent and its affiliates no longer held an interest in Equistar. 

In January 2000, Millennium advised Lyondell and Occidental that it wished to sell the stock of its subsidiary Millennium
Petrochemicals Inc., which owns the subsidiaries that hold Millenniums partnership interests in Equistar. In addition to its interest in Equistar, Millennium Petrochemicals also owns other assets and has other liabilities, including the assets
and liabilities of Millenniums acetyls business. Lyondell and Occidental advised Millennium that they believed that the proposed transaction failed to comply with certain requirements of the Equistar governing documents, but that they would
not object to the sale, provided other requirements of the governing documents were satisfied. In September 2000, Millennium publicly announced that it had terminated its active marketing of its Equistar interest. The owners of Equistar have from
time to time, both before and after Millenniums notice, informally discussed other transactions that, if consummated, could have resulted in a transfer or modification, either directly or indirectly, of their interests in Equistar. 

In late 2001, Lyondell and Occidental began discussing an acquisition by
Lyondell of Occidentals partner subsidiaries in Equistar in exchange for Lyondell securities. Pursuant to the requirements of the Equistar governing documents, Lyondell and Occidental required Millenniums consent to the transaction
because the transaction would not satisfy the requirement of the governing documents that the consideration consist solely of cash. In January 2002, Millennium declined to consent to the transaction. 

Thereafter, Occidental and Lyondell discussed potential transactions in which
Lyondell would issue securities to Occidental for cash and use the cash proceeds to purchase Occidentals partner subsidiaries in 



Equistar. On January 22, 2002, Occidental confirmed to Lyondell and Millennium in writing that it was interested in selling the stock of its partner
subsidiaries for cash of $440 million and asked each of them to contact Occidental if they were interested in purchasing all or a pro rata portion of the stock. Occidentals letter stated that it was not a formal notice under the right of first
option provisions described above. Occidental also advised Millennium that Occidental expected Lyondell to accept the offer and that Occidental expected to negotiate an equity investment in Lyondell by Occidental for $440 million in cash, which
Lyondell would use to fund the purchase of Occidentals partner subsidiaries. On January 23, 2002, Lyondell confirmed to Occidental and Millennium its interest in purchasing Occidentals partner subsidiaries. 

By letter dated January 30, 2002, Millennium advised Occidental and Lyondell
that it believed that, under the Equistar governing documents, the proposed transaction between Lyondell and Occidental would require Millenniums consent and that Millennium was not in a position to consent at that time. Millenniums
letter also stated that it believed it would be in the best interests of all three Equistar owners to work to achieve a mutually acceptable restructuring of Equistars ownership. Millennium orally advised Lyondell and Occidental that it
believed that the proposed sale by Occidental of its partner subsidiaries to Lyondell did not comply with the requirements of the Equistar governing documents because, in Millenniums view, it was not a sale for cash and/or it failed to meet
what Millennium believed to be other applicable requirements. Occidental and Lyondell advised Millennium that they believed the proposed sale satisfied all applicable requirements and did not require Millenniums consent under the governing
documents. 

On January 31, 2002, Lyondell announced that it had
agreed in principle to sell Lyondell securities to Occidental for $440 million in cash and to purchase Occidentals partner subsidiaries in Equistar for $440 million in cash. The announcement stated that Millennium could purchase a pro rata
portion of the stock of Occidentals partner subsidiaries if it wished to do so. The announcement also stated that the transactions would be subject to completion and execution of definitive documentation, Lyondell shareholder approval and
customary closing conditions. 

During the first few months of
2002, Lyondell engaged in various discussions with Millennium concerning the possibility of Lyondells acquiring Millenniums interest in Equistar, directly or indirectly. The parties were not able to agree on a valuation of
Millenniums interest in Equistar that was mutually acceptable. In addition, Lyondell had a preference for using Lyondell common stock as the form of consideration, and Millennium preferred cash. 

On April 19, 2002, Occidental delivered to both Lyondell and Millennium a
notice under the Equistar right of first option provisions, stating that either of them could purchase Occidentals partner subsidiaries in Equistar for cash of $440 million pursuant to an agreement in substantially the form attached to the
notice. The notice stated that if both Lyondell and Millennium wished to exercise their rights to purchase, they could do so pro rata. Occidental also advised Millennium that it expected to enter into a securities purchase agreement with Lyondell to
purchase Lyondell securities for cash, which Lyondell would use to purchase Occidentals partner subsidiaries in Equistar. 

On May 31, 2002, Lyondell, in a formal response to Occidentals April 19, 2002 notice, advised Occidental that it wished to purchase all the stock of
Occidentals partner subsidiaries or, if Millennium also elected to participate, its pro rata share. Also on May 31, 2002, Lyondell, Occidental, Millennium and Equistar entered into a settlement agreement. In that agreement, among other things,
(1) Millennium agreed not to exercise its right of first option to participate in the purchase of Occidentals partner subsidiaries in Equistar, (2) Millennium agreed to waive and release any and all claims it might have that the transactions
between Lyondell and Occidental did not comply with the requirements of the Equistar governing documents and the parties represented and agreed that the transactions did comply with those requirements, (3) Lyondell, Occidental and Millennium agreed
that Millennium and Occidental and their affiliates would be released from indemnity agreements they had made regarding indebtedness of Equistar following the closing of Lyondells purchase of Occidentals partner subsidiaries and (4)
Millennium and Lyondell agreed to make certain changes to the Equistar governing 



documents. Many of the foregoing provisions also applied to subsidiaries of the parties, which also signed the settlement agreement. The settlement agreement
confirmed that the right of first option and standstill provisions described above would continue to be effective after Lyondells purchase of Occidentals partner subsidiaries on substantially the same terms as they had been before the
purchase, except that Lyondell and Millennium would be the only parent entities under the new provisions. 

On July 8, 2002, Lyondell and Occidental executed definitive agreements for Lyondells sale of securities to Occidental for $440 million in cash and
for Occidentals sale of the stock of its partner subsidiaries to Lyondell for $440 million in cash. Both transactions were completed on August 22, 2002, following approval by Lyondells shareholders. 

Since completion of those transactions, Lyondells subsidiaries have
owned 70.5% of Equistar and Millenniums subsidiaries have owned the other 29.5%. As a result of the transactions, Occidental beneficially owns approximately 25% of the outstanding Lyondell shares and two executive officers of Occidental are
members of Lyondells board of directors. 

In the fall of
2002, representatives of Lyondell and Millennium met several times to discuss the possibility of an acquisition by Lyondell of Millenniums interest in Equistar. The parties were unable to agree about valuation and structural issues.

In June 2003, William M. Landuyt, who was then the chairman
and chief executive officer of Millennium, called Dan F. Smith, the president and chief executive officer of Lyondell, and raised the potential of reconsidering strategic alternatives between the two companies. Mr. Smith said that he remained
interested in pursuing those matters. 

In late July 2003, Mr.
Smith called Worley H. Clark, Jr., who had recently become Millenniums chairman following the resignation of Mr. Landuyt, to congratulate Mr. Clark on his appointment as chairman. Mr. Smith also discussed Lyondells interest in acquiring
Millenniums 29.5% stake in Equistar and, alternatively, the possibility of a business combination of Lyondell and Millennium. Mr. Clark said he was always interested in discussing the subject of enhancing shareholder value. 

Subsequently, Mr. Lee, who had become Millenniums chief executive
officer, called Mr. Smith. Mr. Lee said Millennium might be interested in selling its Equistar interest to Lyondell, but that Millennium would expect to receive greater value than Lyondell had paid Occidental for its interest and that Millennium
would prefer to receive cash rather than Lyondell stock. Mr. Smith then expressed an interest in discussing not only a potential Equistar transaction but also a business combination of Lyondell and Millennium. Mr. Lee said that he would be willing
to consider any option that was beneficial to Millenniums shareholders, but advised that Millenniums board of directors believed that Millennium needed to focus on improving Millenniums financial condition in the near term.

On August 13, 2003, Mr. Clark sent a letter to Dr.
William T. Butler, Lyondells chairman, stating that, among other things, Millennium wanted to explore all possible ideas for improving Equistars performance and to ensure that there would not be a cash call on the partners that could
further influence Millenniums credit ratings. Mr. Clark also said that Millennium wanted to evaluate with Lyondell the possibility of selling Equistar as a whole. 

On August 27, 2003, Dr. Butler replied to Mr. Clark with a letter saying that Lyondells board of directors would
discuss Mr. Clarks letter in due course, but that Lyondells board had recently endorsed Lyondell managements strategic plan, which, among other things, confirmed that Equistar is a core business for Lyondell. He encouraged
Millennium to offer to Lyondells management any suggestions Millennium might have for improving Equistars performance. 



On September 3, 2003, Mr. Smith and other Lyondell representatives met with Messrs. Clark and Lee in
Houston. At the meeting, the parties discussed Equistars governance and operations. Afterwards, Mr. Smith and Mr. Clark agreed to schedule a meeting in the near future to discuss the possibility of a business combination of Lyondell and
Millennium and, alternatively, the possibility of an acquisition by Lyondell of Millenniums interest in Equistar. 

On October 13, 2003, Mr. Smith and T. Kevin DeNicola, Lyondells chief financial officer, met with Mr. Lee and John E. Lushefski, Millenniums
chief financial officer, in Baltimore to discuss the possibility of a business combination of Lyondell and Millennium and, alternatively, the possibility of an acquisition by Lyondell of Millenniums interest in Equistar. At the meeting the
Millennium representatives suggested there be further meetings to provide members of Millenniums board of directors with an opportunity to learn more about Lyondell and Equistar and their management personnel. 

On December 10, 2003, the Equistar Partnership Governance Committee held a
meeting in Houston. In addition to Millenniums management representatives on the committee, Mr. Clark and David J.P. Meachin, another independent director of Millennium, attended the meeting. After the meeting, Mr. Smith and Mr. Clark agreed
to meet again soon to further discuss strategic alternatives for the companies. 

On December 17, 2003, Messrs. Smith and DeNicola met with Mr. Clark in Chicago. At the meeting, Mr. Smith said that Lyondell was interested in exploring the possibility of a business combination between the companies.
The participants also discussed Equistars governance and Equistars long-range plan, and the Lyondell representatives offered their views regarding a possible combination of the companies. 

On January 12, 2004, Mr. DeNicola and Kerry A. Galvin, Lyondells
general counsel, met with Mr. Lushefski and William Carmean, Millenniums general counsel, in Red Bank, New Jersey. The participants discussed the merits of a combination, the potential for significant cost savings and efficiencies and the
level of a potential premium for Millenniums shareholders. They also explored structural and timing issues that would need to be addressed in any potential business combination. 

On January 19, 2004, Mr. Smith sent a letter to Mr. Clark confirming Lyondells interest in exploring with Millennium
the feasibility and desirability of a stock-for-stock business combination between Lyondell and Millennium and to offer Lyondells views on what some of the particulars of such a transaction might be. The letter stated that, although
Lyondells analysis was ongoing, Lyondell believed, based on the information it had reviewed to date, that it could achieve an exchange ratio in the range of 0.95 to 1.05 shares of Lyondell common stock for each share of Millennium common
stock. The letter said the expression of interest was subject to satisfactory completion of due diligence investigations and also that any transaction would be subject to board of directors, shareholder and regulatory approvals, as well as
satisfactory definitive documentation. The letter further stated that, in light of the discussions between the parties, it was Lyondells understanding that the letter did not contravene the standstill agreement described above. 

Millenniums board of directors, with all directors present, met on
January 23, 2004. During this meeting, Millenniums board of directors discussed Lyondells expression of interest. Millenniums board of directors appointed a special committee of the board of directors to consider Lyondells
letter and make a recommendation to Millenniums chairman as to Millenniums appropriate response. The special committee discussed the advisability and feasibility of entering into a business combination with Lyondell or selling
Millenniums interest in Equistar to Lyondell. On January 27, 2004, Mr. Clark called Mr. Smith to inform him of the creation of the special committee of the board of directors, and Mr. Smith relayed that information to Lyondells board of
directors in a memorandum dated January 28, 2004. 

At a
regularly scheduled meeting on February 5, 2004, Lyondells board of directors discussed the possibility of a transaction with Millennium, and authorized management to continue to explore the possibility. 



The special committee appointed by Millenniums board of directors held meetings on February 1, 8
and 11, 2004 to consider the feasibility and advisability of a potential business combination between Millennium and Lyondell or a potential acquisition by Lyondell of Millenniums interest in Equistar. The special committee also considered the
standstill agreement between the companies. The special committee concluded by making certain recommendations incorporated into the February 12, 2004 letter from Mr. Clark to Mr. Smith, described below. 

On February 12, 2004, Mr. Clark sent a letter to Mr. Smith responding to
Lyondells January 19, 2004 letter. First, Mr. Clark suggested that Lyondell and Millennium continue to discuss the feasibility and desirability of Lyondells acquisition of Millenniums interest in Equistar, including price, form of
consideration, transaction structure and the form of agreement to be used. Second, although noting that Millennium had not been and was not currently seeking offers for the sale or merger of the company, given the interest expressed in
Lyondells letter, Mr. Clark said that Millennium was willing to discuss the feasibility and desirability of a business combination between the companies, including price, form of consideration, transaction structure and the form of agreement
that would be used. He also stated that Millennium was not waiving, or committing to waive, any of its rights or protections under the standstill agreement. Mr. Clark further suggested that if, on the basis of those discussions, Lyondell and
Millennium were to determine that either such transaction would be feasible and desirable for both companies, the respective boards of directors would then consider limited due diligence, as well as a waiver of the standstill agreement to the extent
necessary. 

On February 19-20, 2004, Mr. DeNicola and Ms.
Galvin met with Marie Dreher, Millenniums senior vice president of strategy and corporate development, and Mr. Carmean in New York to identify and explore structural and timing issues that would need to be addressed in pursuing either an
acquisition by Lyondell of Millenniums interest in Equistar (through an acquisition of Millennium Petrochemicals or otherwise) or a business combination of Lyondell and Millennium, and to consider a process for moving forward. Also during
these discussions, the parties discussed the potential valuation of Millenniums Equistar interest and of Millennium Petrochemicals. 

On February 24, 2004, Mr. Smith and other representatives of Lyondell met with Mr. Clark, Mr. Lee and other representatives of Millennium in New York. At
the meeting, the parties concluded they were unlikely to reach agreement on the sale of Millenniums Equistar interest or of Millennium Petrochemicals and decided to focus their efforts thereafter on the possibility of a business combination of
the two companies instead. The parties concluded they were unlikely to reach agreement on a sale of Millenniums Equistar interest or of Millennium Petrochemicals principally because they had different views of valuation, which they did not
expect could be reconciled, and different needs regarding the form of consideration. The form of consideration that Lyondell proposed was Lyondell common stock. Millennium was concerned about the timing and cost of converting such a large equity
stake in Lyondell to cash, which Millennium would need to service its financial requirements, including interest payments and debt repayments. In addition, both Millenniums 9.25% senior note indenture and its credit agreement prohibit the sale
of Equistar or Millennium Petrochemicals in any transaction in which less than 75% of the consideration consists of cash and cash equivalents. 

On February 29, 2004, Millenniums board of directors, with all directors present, held a special meeting at which Mr. Clark and Millenniums
management updated Millenniums board of directors on the status of the discussions with Lyondell. At the meeting, Millenniums board of directors concurred with the decision to focus Millenniums efforts on the possibility of a
business combination between Lyondell and Millennium, and authorized Millennium to engage JPMorgan as Millenniums principal financial advisor. 

In late February 2004, Lyondell retained Citigroup as its financial advisor and in early March 2004 Millennium retained JPMorgan as its principal
financial advisor. Also in early March 2004, Millennium retained UBS to render an opinion as to the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the consideration to be received by holders of Millenniums common stock in connection with the
proposed transaction. 



On March 2, 2004, representatives of Lyondell provided an initial draft of an agreement and plan of
merger to representatives of Millennium. 

On March 7, 2004, the
Millennium board of directors, with one director absent, held a special telephonic meeting at which management, outside counsel and JPMorgan updated Millenniums board of directors on the status of discussions with Lyondell. The board of
directors discussed with management and Millenniums advisors various issues, including the feasibility and desirability of entering into a transaction; the risks of such a transaction; the long-term prospects of Millennium and Lyondell on a
stand-alone and combined basis; the potential structural alternatives; and the process for negotiating and evaluating a potential transaction. Millenniums outside legal counsel discussed with the directors their fiduciary obligations under the
circumstances. After discussion, Millenniums board of directors authorized Millenniums management to continue to pursue a potential business combination with Lyondell. 

During the first two weeks of March 2004, representatives of Lyondell and Millennium, including representatives of their
respective outside counsel, Citigroup, JPMorgan and UBS, met several times in New York to discuss potential issues, to conduct due diligence and to review drafts of documents for a transaction. During these meetings, representatives of Lyondell and
Millennium, including representatives of their respective outside counsel, Citigroup and JPMorgan, explored alternative structures for a business combination of the companies. During that time, Lyondell and Millennium also provided to one another
and to their respective financial advisors financial forecasts. See Certain Financial Forecasts beginning on page 63. 

On March 14, 2004, the Millennium board of directors, with all directors present, held a special meeting at which management, outside counsel and JPMorgan
updated Millenniums board of directors on the status of discussions with Lyondell. At this meeting, Millenniums management indicated that Lyondell had made a non-binding preliminary proposal for a transaction at a fixed exchange ratio,
to be negotiated, of between 0.95 and 1.05 shares of Lyondell common stock for each share of Millennium common stock. For purposes of discussion at the meeting, the ratio was assumed to be the mid-point of Lyondells proposed range, one-to-one.
The proposal contemplated an exchange offer that would be conditioned upon the tender of at least 80%, and potentially more than 90%, of the outstanding Millennium shares. 
The proposal also contemplated that Lyondell, for a period of 18
months after the closing of the exchange offer, would have the right but not the obligation unless certain conditions were met, to complete a second-step merger at the same exchange ratio, with certain protections for minority shareholders of
Millennium to be agreed by the parties. JPMorgan presented its preliminary analysis of the valuation of the proposal, focusing on a one-to-one exchange ratio. In addition, Millenniums legal counsel presented an overview of the transaction
structure presented in the proposal. Millenniums board of directors determined that the proposal presented was not acceptable from Millenniums point of view due to the perceived inadequacy of the fixed exchange ratio, the execution risk
associated with the high minimum tender condition and the fact that shareholders who did not tender would remain minority shareholders of Millennium unless and until a merger was effected. Millenniums board of directors directed management to
secure improvements or cease negotiations. 

On March
15, 2004, Mr. Lee informed Mr. Smith of the outcome of Millenniums board of directors, meeting and indicated that Lyondell would need to improve its proposal. During the third week of March, representatives of Lyondell and Millennium,
including representatives of JPMorgan and Citigroup, continued to analyze outstanding issues regarding a transaction. 

On March 19, 2004, Lyondells board of directors held a special meeting at which management and legal counsel updated the board of directors on the
status of discussions with Millennium. 

On March 22, 2004, Mr.
Smith, together with other representatives of Lyondell and Citigroup, met in Baltimore with Mr. Lee, together with other representatives of Millennium and JPMorgan. The participants 



discussed, among other things, the merits of a potential transaction, potential exchange ratios, the structure of the transaction and the work that both
parties would need to complete during the remainder of the week if they were to present a transaction to their respective board of directors for consideration and approval on March 28, 2004. After discussion of the proposed transaction and potential
exchange ratios, Mr. Smith advised Millenniums representatives that he was willing to recommend to Lyondells board of directors an exchange ratio of 1.05 shares of Lyondell for each share of Millennium if the average price of Lyondell
common stock prior to closing was at or below $16.00 per share and 0.95 of a share if it was at or above $20.00 per share, with the ratio being proportionally adjusted if the average price was between $16.00 and $20.00. Mr. Lee said that he would
report that to the members of Millenniums board of directors, and he did so the next day. 

On March 23, 2004, Mr. Lee called Mr. Smith to discuss various open issues and in particular to tell him that Millenniums board of directors did not
believe the exchange ratio proposed by Mr. Smith at the March 22, 2004 meeting was adequate from Millenniums standpoint. Mr. Smith replied that, if the open issues (including structure, employee benefits, closing conditions and termination
rights) in the draft agreement were resolved in a mutually satisfactory fashion, he would be willing to recommend to Lyondells board of directors an improvement in the ratio from Millenniums standpoint, by increasing the $16.00 and
$20.00 prices in the formula described above to $16.50 and $20.50. 

During the remainder of that week, the parties and their counsel continued to prepare and negotiate the form of a definitive agreement for a transaction and related documentation. 

On March 26, 2004, Mr. Smith delivered a letter to Messrs. Clark and Lee
setting forth Lyondells proposed terms for a business combination. The letter set forth an exchange ratio of 1.05 shares of Lyondell for each share of Millennium if the average price of Lyondell common stock prior to closing was at or below
$16.50 per share and 0.95 of a share if it was at or above $20.50 per share, with the ratio being proportionally adjusted if the average price was between $16.50 and $20.50. The letter also proposed that in the transaction a wholly owned subsidiary
of Millennium would merge into Millennium and the outstanding shares of Millennium common stock held by Millenniums public shareholders would be converted into shares of Lyondell common stock in the merger. In addition, the letter stated that
the proposal was subject to definitive documentation and approval of the companies respective boards of directors. 

The parties and their counsel resolved all outstanding issues regarding the agreement and plan of merger and the related documentation by the morning of
March 28, 2004. The transaction structure reflected in the agreement was considered optimal, among those considered, in terms of simplicity, likelihood of completion and minimization of transaction costs. 

On Sunday, March 28, 2004, Lyondells board of directors, with two
directors absent, held a special meeting to consider the proposed transaction. Prior to the meeting, the directors had received a form of the proposed agreement and plan of merger and related documentation, a copy of the financial presentation to
which Citigroup would refer and other written materials prepared by management and legal counsel pertaining to the proposed transaction. Lyondells board of directors reviewed and discussed the terms and conditions of the transaction and
managements assessment of the transaction from financial, strategic and operating standpoints. Legal counsel discussed the structure of the transaction and the material terms of the agreement and plan of merger, including the ability of the
board of directors to negotiate and enter into a superior alternative transaction should Lyondell receive a bona fide unsolicited offer. Lyondells outside legal counsel also discussed with the directors their fiduciary obligations under the
circumstances. Citigroup reviewed its financial analysis of the exchange ratio provided for in the proposed transaction and rendered to Lyondells board of directors Citigroups oral opinion, which was confirmed in a written opinion dated
March 28, 2004, to the effect that, as of that date and based on and subject to the matters described in the opinion, the exchange ratio was fair, from a financial point of view, to 



Lyondell. After discussion, Lyondells board of directors, by a unanimous vote of those present, approved the agreement and plan of merger and the
limited waiver of the standstill agreement and voted to recommend to Lyondells shareholders that they approve the issuance of shares of Lyondell common stock to Millenniums shareholders in connection with the proposed transaction. Each
of the two directors who were absent from the meeting has confirmed in writing that he approves the agreement and plan of merger and the associated recommendations to Lyondells shareholders. 

Also on Sunday, March 28, 2004, Millenniums board of directors,
with all directors present, held a special meeting to consider the proposed transaction. Prior to the meeting, the form of the proposed merger agreement and related documentation, a summary of the material terms of the draft agreement and plan of
merger, the form of the limited standby waiver agreement, a copy of the March 26, 2004 letter from Mr. Smith, copies of presentation materials to which JPMorgan and UBS would refer, and other written materials prepared by management and legal
counsel pertaining to the proposed transaction were made available to the directors. At the meeting, presentations were made by management, JPMorgan, UBS and legal counsel. Millenniums board of directors reviewed and discussed the terms and
conditions of the transaction and managements assessment of the transaction from financial, strategic and operating standpoints. Legal counsel discussed the structure of the transaction and the material terms of the agreement and plan of
merger, including the ability of the board of directors to negotiate and enter into a superior alternative transaction should Millennium receive a bona fide unsolicited offer. Millenniums outside legal counsel also discussed with the directors
their fiduciary obligations under the circumstances. Representatives of JPMorgan presented financial and other analyses and delivered JPMorgans oral opinion, which was confirmed in a written opinion dated March 28, 2004, to the effect that, as
of that date and based on and subject to the matters described in the opinion, the exchange ratio was fair, from a financial point of view, to the holders of common stock of Millennium, as more fully described below under Opinion of J.P.
Morgan Securities Inc., one of Millenniums Financial Advisors beginning on page 74. Representatives of UBS also presented a financial analysis of the exchange ratio and delivered UBS oral opinion, confirmed by delivery of a written
opinion as of the same date, that as of March 28, 2004, and based on and subject to the assumptions made, matters considered and limitations set forth in its written opinion of that date, the exchange ratio was fair, from a financial point of view,
to the holders of common stock of Millennium, as more fully described below under Opinion of UBS Securities LLC, one of Millenniums Financial Advisors beginning on page 84. After discussion, Millenniums board of
directors by a unanimous vote of the directors, approved the agreement and plan of merger and the limited waiver of the standstill agreement, and voted to recommend to Millenniums shareholders that they adopt the agreement and plan of merger.

Later that day, the parties executed and delivered the
agreement and plan of merger, as well as a limited waiver of the standstill provisions described above providing that the negotiation of the agreement and plan of merger and the announcement and consummation of the proposed transaction, on the terms
set forth in the agreement and plan of merger, would not be a breach of those standstill provisions. 

On Monday, March 29, 2004, prior to the opening of trading on the New York Stock Exchange, Lyondell and Millennium issued a joint press release announcing
the proposed transaction. 

Lyondells Reasons for the Proposed Transaction 

At a special meeting held on March 28, 2004, Lyondells board of directors determined that the proposed transaction, including the issuance of Lyondell common stock to Millennium shareholders, is advisable and in
the best interests of Lyondell and the Lyondell shareholders. In reaching its conclusion, Lyondells board of directors consulted with Lyondells management as well as legal and financial advisors and considered a number of factors,
including factors discussed below in this section. Lyondells board of directors considered the following material factors as generally supporting its decision to enter into the agreement and plan of merger: 



the scale, scope, strength and diversity of operations and product lines that could be achieved by combining Lyondell and Millennium, particularly the added
diversification and market leadership 



brought by Millenniums TiO2 and acetyls businesses, which the board believes will support Lyondells long-term strategy to increase its global
depth and breadth; 



after the proposed transaction, based on pro forma consolidated revenues, Lyondell will be the third largest, independent, publicly traded U.S. chemical company, which is expected
to provide Lyondell with increased visibility in the capital markets; 



after the transaction, Lyondell will have the ability to control Equistars strategic direction; 



the transaction should enhance Lyondells ability to take advantage of future opportunities in the chemical industry, including potential acquisitions and other strategic
alternatives; 



after the transaction, Lyondell will continue to maintain operating leverage to the ethylene cycle; 



the boards belief that Lyondell has demonstrated an ability in prior transactions to successfully combine assets, product lines and corporate cultures;



the potential synergies and expense saving opportunities of the combined company; 



the use of common stock rather than cash as the form of consideration to be paid to Millenniums shareholders does not require Lyondell to make any additional borrowings or
cash outlays (other than to pay transaction costs); 



the transaction is expected to provide greater liquidity to Lyondells shareholders because of the increased size of Lyondells equity market capitalization resulting from
an all-stock transaction; 



the increased diversity of Lyondells portfolio of businesses should aid the companies in reacting to the current and prospective environment in which Lyondell, Millennium and
Equistar operate, including the cyclical and volatile nature of the supply-demand balance in both the chemical and refining industries, costs of raw materials and energy, general economic conditions and the competitive environment for chemical
companies generally; 



the reports of Lyondells management concerning the operations, financial condition and prospects of Millennium and the expected financial impact of the proposed transaction on
the combined company, including pro forma assets, debt and earnings; 



the proposed board and management arrangements, which provide generally for the continuation of Lyondells existing management and board of directors as well as the addition of
two independent members of Millenniums current board of directors whose familiarity with Millenniums majority owned businesses and operations is expected to facilitate the integration of the companies; 



the historical and current market prices of Lyondell common stock and Millennium common stock; 



the financial presentation of Citigroup, including its opinion, dated March 28, 2004, to Lyondells board of directors as to the fairness, from a financial point of view and as
of the date of the opinion, to Lyondell of the exchange ratio provided for in the proposed transaction, as more fully described below under the caption Opinion of Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Lyondells Financial Advisor
beginning on page 65; 



the terms of the agreement and plan of merger, including the provisions that permit the Lyondell board to respond to and accept an unsolicited superior proposal;



the boards expectation that the regulatory approvals and credit facility amendments needed to complete the proposed transaction will be obtained; and 



the requirement that Lyondell shareholder approval be obtained as a condition to consummation of the proposed transaction. 

In connection with its deliberations, Lyondells board of directors also
considered potential risks associated with the proposed transaction, including risks associated with Millenniums business, assets and financial 



condition, such as potential environmental liabilities and potential litigation liabilities, challenges of integrating Millenniums business, operations
and work force with those of Lyondell and risks associated with achieving the anticipated cost savings. In addition, Lyondells board of directors considered the effects of the restrictive covenants contained in the existing debt agreements of
Lyondell, Millennium and Equistar. Even though Lyondell will own all the outstanding equity of Millennium and indirectly Equistar, these covenants will limit the ability of the three entities to engage in transactions with one another other than at
arms-length and after compliance with certain requirements and the ability of Lyondell to move cash between the three entities, including for purposes of funding the anticipated increase in aggregate annual dividends on Lyondell shares resulting
from the increased number of shares that will be outstanding after the proposed transaction at the current per share dividend rate. In addition, Lyondells board of directors was aware that Millennium had restated its financial statements for
2002 and earlier years. Lyondells management considered the reasons for such restatements and discussed with Millenniums management and audit committee the related changes to internal control processes and procedures made by Millennium
to address the issues. 

In considering the exchange ratio,
Lyondells board of directors considered the potentially negative factor that the exchange ratio will not be adjusted downward if the volume-weighted average price of Lyondell common stock for the period in which the exchange ratio is set is
more than $20.50 per share and the potentially positive factor that the ratio will not be adjusted upward if that average price is less than $16.50 per share. 

Lyondells board of directors considered all of these factors as a whole and, on balance, concluded that they supported a favorable determination
to enter into the agreement and plan of merger. The foregoing discussion of the information and factors considered by Lyondells board of directors is not exhaustive. In view of the wide variety of factors considered by Lyondells board of
directors in connection with its evaluation of the proposed transaction and the complexity of these matters, Lyondells board of directors did not consider it practical to, nor did it attempt to, quantify, rank or otherwise assign relative
weights to the specific factors that it considered in reaching its decision. Lyondells board of directors evaluated the factors described above and reached a consensus that the proposed transaction was advisable and in the best interests of
Lyondell and its shareholders. In considering the factors described above, individual members of Lyondells board of directors may have given different weights to different factors. 

Lyondells board of directors has unanimously determined that the issuance of shares of Lyondell common stock to
Millennium shareholders in the proposed transaction is advisable and in the best interests of Lyondell shareholders. Accordingly, Lyondells board of directors unanimously recommends that Lyondell shareholders vote FOR the proposal
to issue shares of Lyondell common stock to Millennium shareholders. 

Lyondells board of directors also unanimously recommends that Lyondell shareholders vote FOR the amendment and restatement of Lyondells certificate of incorporation to increase the number of
authorized Lyondell shares, approval of which is also a condition to closing the proposed transaction. For additional information about this proposal, please see Proposal to Approve the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of
Lyondell beginning on page 106. 

In
considering the recommendations of Lyondells board of directors, you should be aware that the directors and officers of Lyondell have interests in the proposed transaction that are different from, or are in addition to, the interests of
Lyondell shareholders generally. Please see Interests of Certain Persons in the Proposed Transaction beginning on page 91. 

Millenniums Reasons for the Proposed Transaction 

At a special meeting held on March 28, 2004, Millenniums board of directors determined that the agreement and plan of merger, and the transactions contemplated by it, are advisable and in the best interests of



Millenniums shareholders. Accordingly, Millenniums board of directors unanimously resolved to recommend to Millenniums shareholders that
they vote for the adoption of the agreement and plan of merger and the transactions contemplated by it, including the merger.

In approving the agreement and plan of merger, Millenniums board of directors considered a number of factors,
including factors discussed in the following paragraphs. 

In
reaching its unanimous conclusion to approve the agreement and plan of merger, Millenniums board of directors consulted with Millenniums management and financial and legal advisors, and considered a number of factors, including the
following: 



that the form of the consideration to be received by Millenniums shareholders (i.e., shares of Lyondell common stock rather than cash) will allow Millenniums
shareholders to benefit from any future appreciation in the value of the combined company, including any appreciation arising from an upturn in the ethylene cycle from the current industry trough; 



that the proposed transaction represents a significant premium to the holders of Millenniums common stock. Based on the closing prices of Millennium common stock and Lyondell
common stock on March 26, 2004, the last trading day before the announcement of the proposed transaction, the premium implied by the exchange ratio was approximately 31%. In addition, based on the average closing price for Millennium for the
one-month, six-month and one-year periods ended March 26, 2004, and based on the closing price of Lyondell common stock on March 26, 2004, the premiums implied by the exchange ratio were approximately 33%, 42% and 38%, respectively;



the opinion of each of J.P. Morgan Securities Inc. and UBS Securities LLC to the Millennium board as to the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the exchange ratio to the
holders of Millennium common stock and the related financial analyses performed by each of J.P. Morgan Securities Inc. and UBS Securities LLC, as described under Opinion of J.P. Morgan Securities Inc., one of Millenniums Financial
Advisors beginning on page 74 and Opinion of UBS Securities LLC, one of Millenniums Financial Advisors beginning on page 84, respectively; 



that the greater diversification of the industry segments in which the combined company will participate (
i.e.
, the propylene oxide business of Lyondell) will enhance the
stability of the combined companys businesses and earnings under varying economic and industry conditions compared to Millennium on a stand-alone basis; 



that the combined company will be the third largest independent publicly traded chemical company in North America, and its increased scale, scope and diversity of operations will
provide greater access to capital than Millennium has on a stand-alone basis; 



that the increased scale, scope and diversity of the combined company and the consolidated ownership structure of Equistar will enhance the ability of the combined company to take
advantage of future opportunities in the chemicals industry, including potential acquisitions and other strategic alternatives; 



that the combined company will have a market capitalization of approximately $4 billion (based on the closing prices of Lyondell and Millennium common stock on March 26, 2004),
significantly increasing liquidity for shareholders compared to Millennium on a stand-alone basis; 



that Lyondell currently pays a dividend on its common stock ($0.90 per share in 2003) while Millennium does not currently pay a dividend and that, after the proposed transaction,
Millenniums shareholders will be entitled to receive dividends, if any, paid by Lyondell on its common stock; 



that the proposed transaction is expected to qualify for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a tax-free reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the U.S.
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Internal Revenue Code), which is expected to result in a tax-free transaction to Millenniums shareholders, as described under the heading Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences
of the Proposed Transaction beginning on page 100; 





that the proposed transaction is expected to reduce costs by allowing the combined company to eliminate redundant expenses and services, utilize shared services more efficiently,
realize insurance savings and purchasing leverage and share best practices; 



the proposed arrangements with respect to the management of the combined company, including the fact that two independent directors of Millennium will join Lyondells board of
directors following consummation of the proposed transaction, which will provide continuity for Millenniums shareholders after the transaction and facilitate the integration of the companies; 



that the agreement and plan of merger must be adopted by the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Millennium common stock; 



the terms of the agreement and plan of merger, including the provisions that permit Millenniums board of directors to take the steps necessary to respond to and accept an
unsolicited superior proposal in compliance with its fiduciary duties to its shareholders; and 



the likelihood that regulatory approvals and credit facility amendments needed to complete the proposed transaction will be obtained. 

Each of these factors favored the conclusion by Millenniums board of
directors that the proposed transaction is advisable and in the best interests of Millenniums shareholders. 

Millenniums board of directors also considered a variety of risks and other potentially negative factors concerning the proposed transaction. These
factors included: 



that there will be no adjustment to the exchange ratio in the event that the volume-weighted average trading price of Lyondell common stock for the period in which the exchange
ratio is set is less than $16.50 per share; 



that the restrictive covenants in Lyondells, Millenniums and Equistars respective debt agreements could impede or delay the ability of the combined company to
effectively integrate the companies and realize the anticipated synergies of the proposed transaction; and 



that the termination payment provisions of the agreement and plan of merger could have the effect of deterring alternative business combination proposals that might be made by third
parties after announcement of the proposed transaction. Millenniums board of directors took into account that Lyondell required such provisions in order to enter into the agreement and plan of merger, that such provisions are customary in
transactions of this type and that such provisions are reciprocal in the agreement and plan of merger and thus apply to Lyondell as well as to Millennium. 

Millenniums board of directors concluded that, under all of the relevant circumstances and in light of the proposed
exchange ratio, the agreement and plan of merger presents a better opportunity for value for Millenniums shareholders than remaining a stand-alone entity. 

This discussion of the information and factors considered by Millenniums board of directors in reaching its conclusions and recommendation
includes all of the material factors considered by Millenniums board of directors but is not intended to be exhaustive. In view of the wide variety of factors considered by Millenniums board of directors in evaluating the agreement and
plan of merger and the proposed transaction and the complexity of these matters, Millenniums board of directors did not find it practicable to, and did not attempt to, quantify, rank or otherwise assign relative weight to those factors. In
addition, individual directors may have given different weight to different factors. 

Millenniums board of directors has unanimously determined that the agreement and plan of merger is advisable and in the best interests of Millenniums shareholders. Accordingly, Millenniums board
of 



directors unanimously recommends that Millenniums shareholders vote FOR the adoption of the agreement and plan of merger and thereby
approve the transactions contemplated therein. 

In
considering the recommendation of Millenniums board of directors with respect to the agreement and plan of merger, you should be aware that the directors and officers of Millennium have interests in the proposed transaction that are different
from, or are in addition to, the interests of Millenniums shareholders generally. Among other things, Mr. Lee, Millenniums president and chief executive officer and a member of Millenniums board of directors who voted to approve
the proposed transaction, will be entitled to receive, as a result of the proposed transaction, an estimated $9 million in cash, distribution of ELTIP Shares, accelerated vesting of his restricted shares and stock options and reimbursement for all
excise taxes on such distributions on a fully grossed-up basis. Please see Interests of Certain Persons in the Proposed Transaction beginning on page 91. 

Certain Financial Forecasts 

In the course of discussions between Lyondell and Millennium, selected,
non-public financial forecasts prepared by the companies respective managements as part of their internal, year-end 2003 long range planning processes for the fiscal years 2004 through 2008 were exchanged by the companies and provided to their
financial advisors. As a matter of course neither Lyondell nor Millennium makes public any forecasts as to future financial performance, and each believes that forecasts are inherently uncertain, especially those for extended periods. The forecast
amounts set forth below are included in this joint proxy statement/prospectus only because this information, as applicable, was provided to the respective financial advisors of Lyondell and Millennium in connection with the proposed transaction. Of
the forecasts provided to the financial advisors, (a) Lyondell prepared forecasts for (1) Lyondell and its consolidated subsidiaries and LCR and (2) Equistar, and (b) Millennium prepared forecasts for Millennium and its consolidated subsidiaries.
Although the forecasts prepared by Millennium did not include Millenniums share of Equistar, for ease of comparability, the Forecasts of Millennium Results set forth in the table below have been revised to include Millenniums
share of Equistar as forecasted by Lyondell. 

Lyondell
and Millennium advised each other and the financial advisors that their respective internal financial forecasts were subjective in many respects. The forecasts reflect numerous assumptions with respect to industry performance, general business,
economic, market and financial conditions and other matters, all of which are difficult to predict and beyond Lyondells and Millenniums control. The forecasts also reflect numerous estimates and assumptions related to the business of
Lyondell, Millennium, Equistar and LCR (including with respect to the growth and viability of certain segments of their respective businesses) that are inherently subject to significant economic, political, and competitive uncertainties, all of
which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond Lyondells and Millenniums control. See Risk Factors beginning on page 24. The assumptions made in preparing the forecasts may not prove accurate, and actual results
may be materially greater or less than those set forth below. See Disclosure Regarding Forward Looking Information beginning on page 41. 

The managements of Lyondell and Millennium have prepared from time to time in the past, and will continue to prepare in the future, internal financial
forecasts that reflect various estimates and assumptions that change from time to time. Accordingly, the forecasts used in conjunction with the proposed transaction may differ from these other forecasts. 

THE FORECASTS SET FORTH BELOW WERE NOT PREPARED WITH A VIEW TO PUBLIC
DISCLOSURE OR COMPLIANCE WITH PUBLISHED GUIDELINES OF THE SEC, ANY STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION OR THE AMERICAN INSTITUTE OF CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS REGARDING PREPARATION AND PRESENTATION OF PROSPECTIVE FINANCIAL INFORMATION. THE FORECASTS WERE
PREPARED BY, AND ARE THE RESPONSIBILITY OF LYONDELL AND MILLENNIUM, RESPECTIVELY. PRICEWATERHOUSECOOPERS LLP, LYONDELLS AND MILLENNIUMS INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM, HAS NEITHER 



COMPILED NOR EXAMINED THESE FORECASTS, AND, ACCORDINGLY, PRICEWATERHOUSECOOPERS LLP DOES NOT EXPRESS AN OPINION OR ANY OTHER FORM OF ASSURANCE WITH RESPECT
TO THESE FORECASTS. THE PRICEWATERHOUSECOOPERS LLP REPORTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE IN THIS JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS RELATE TO LYONDELLS AND MILLENNIUMS, AS APPLICABLE, HISTORICAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION. THEY DO NOT EXTEND TO
THIS SECTION TITLED CERTAIN FINANCIAL FORECASTS AND SHOULD NOT BE READ TO DO SO. 

THE INCLUSION OF THE FORECASTS IN THIS JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS SHOULD NOT BE REGARDED AS AN INDICATION THAT LYONDELL OR ITS OFFICERS AND
DIRECTORS, ON THE ONE HAND, OR MILLENNIUM OR ITS OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS, ON THE OTHER HAND, CONSIDER SUCH INFORMATION TO BE AN ACCURATE PREDICTION OF FUTURE EVENTS OR NECESSARILY ACHIEVABLE. IN LIGHT OF THE UNCERTAINTIES INHERENT IN FORWARD-LOOKING
INFORMATION OF ANY KIND, LYONDELL AND MILLENNIUM CAUTION YOU AGAINST RELIANCE ON SUCH INFORMATION. NEITHER LYONDELL NOR MILLENNIUM NOR THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS INTEND TO UPDATE OR REVISE THE FORECASTS TO REFLECT CIRCUMSTANCES EXISTING
AFTER THE DATE WHEN PREPARED (INCLUDING THROUGH THE DATE OF THIS JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS) OR TO REFLECT THE OCCURRENCE OF FUTURE EVENTS, EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT REQUIRED BY LAW. SEE DISCLOSURE REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS
BEGINNING ON PAGE 41. 

The major underlying
assumptions for the Lyondell forecasts were tied to Lyondells belief that U.S. and global economic conditions are turning in favor of the chemical industry, which has been in trough conditions for the past three years. The major impact of this
recovery is on the forecasted numbers for Equistar, whose leverage to an improvement in the cycle is the greatest. With demand increasing for Equistars major products, ethylene and its derivatives including polyethylene, the forecasts assumed
a significant tightening in the supply/demand balance for these products, thus providing improved pricing and profitability. The forecasts assumed these improved conditions would peak in 2006 at a per unit profitability consistent with past industry
peaks. An improvement in the cycle for chemicals also directly impacts Lyondells propylene oxide and derivatives and styrene businesses, with profits assumed in the forecasts to return to late 1990s levels over the next year or two, and
then continuing to improve as excess capacity in the industry is absorbed by demand but remaining below the peak profitability levels experienced in the mid-1990s. The forecasts assumed that either Lyondells U.S. MTBE production will
continue in its present form or that Lyondell will be able to convert the product into an alternative gasoline additive for sale in the U.S. Under either scenario, forecasted U.S. MTBE profitability is below 2003 actual and 2004 current performance.
The forecasts also assumed that Lyondells refining operation through LCR would continue to produce profits consistent with its operations at that time. 

In its forecasts, Millenniums management assumed the acetyls business would follow the ethylene cycle as
previously described. Since the TiO

business also depends on an economic recovery, as well as the supply/demand
balance for TiO

, Millennium assumed slowly improving profitability for this segment, with peak profitability
assumed to occur in 2008. This view was developed in late fall 2003 and was influenced by marketplace conditions at that time. Millenniums forecasts also assumed its terpene-based flavors and fragrances business would experience a return
towards normalized levels. 

In connection with its
analysis of Millennium, Lyondell made adjustments to Millenniums forecasts principally to reflect a different price forecast for TiO

, based on the assumption that existing capacity will be consumed more rapidly, using judgments based on then current, actual marketplace indications of improving performance. Peak TiO

 profits were assumed to occur in 2007 under this scenario. The effect of the adjustments, which were provided to Lyondells financial advisor,
was to increase the forecast of Millenniums Proportionate EBITDA as shown in the table below by approximately 9% in 2004, 8% in 2005, 1% in 2006 and 6% in 2007, and to decrease that forecast amount for 2008 by approximately 11%. 



Forecasts of Lyondell Results (Dollars in millions) 

Proportionate EBITDA

$

$

1,611

$

2,364

$

1,979

$

1,478

EBIT

$

$

$

1,653

$

1,262

$

Proportionate Capital Expenditures

$

$

$

$

$

Forecasts of Millennium Results (Dollars in millions) 

Proportionate EBITDA

$

$

$

$

$

EBIT

$

$

$

$

$

Proportionate Capital Expenditures

$

$

$

$

$

Notes:

1.

Proportionate EBITDA for Lyondell is defined as the earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) for Lyondell and its consolidated
subsidiaries, plus Lyondells pro rata share of the EBITDA for Equistar (70.5%) and LCR (58.75%). Equistar and LCR are accounted for by Lyondell using the equity method of accounting and their results are not reflected in Lyondells
consolidated EBITDA. 

2.

EBIT for Lyondell is defined as earnings before interest and taxes (EBIT) for Lyondell and its consolidated subsidiaries, which includes Lyondells equity in
earnings from its 70.5% interest in Equistar and 58.75% interest in LCR. 

3.

Proportionate Capital Expenditures for Lyondell is defined as the capital spending and deferred turnaround requirements of Lyondell and its consolidated subsidiaries, plus
Lyondells pro rata share of the capital spending and deferred turnaround expenditures for Equistar (70.5%) and LCR (58.75%). 

4.

The amounts included in this table in respect of Equistar were forecasted by Lyondell. 

5.

Proportionate EBITDA for Millennium is defined as EBITDA of Millennium and its consolidated subsidiaries, plus Millenniums pro rata share of the EBITDA for Equistar (29.5%).
Equistar is accounted for by Millennium using the equity method of accounting and its results are not reflected in Millenniums consolidated EBITDA. 

6.

EBIT for Millennium is defined as EBIT for Millennium and its consolidated subsidiaries, which includes Millenniums equity in earnings from its 29.5% interest in Equistar.

7.

Proportionate Capital Expenditures for Millennium is defined as the capital spending for Millennium and its consolidated subsidiaries, plus Millenniums pro rata share of the
capital spending and deferred turnaround expenditures for Equistar (29.5%). 

Opinion of Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Lyondells Financial Advisor 

Lyondells board of directors retained Citigroup as its exclusive financial advisor in connection with the proposed transaction. In connection with
this engagement, Lyondell requested that Citigroup evaluate the fairness, from a financial point of view, to Lyondell of the exchange ratio provided for in the proposed transaction. At the March 28, 2004 meeting of Lyondells board of
directors, Citigroup rendered to Lyondells board of directors an oral opinion, which opinion was confirmed by delivery of a written opinion dated March 28, 2004, to the effect that, as of that date and based on and subject to the matters
described in its opinion, the exchange ratio was fair, from a financial point of view, to Lyondell. 

In arriving at its opinion, Citigroup: 



reviewed the agreement and plan of merger; 





held discussions with senior officers, directors and other representatives and advisors of Lyondell and senior officers and other representatives and advisors of Millennium
concerning the businesses, operations and prospects of Lyondell, Millennium, Equistar and LCR; 



examined publicly available business and financial information relating to Lyondell, Millennium, Equistar and LCR; 



examined other information and data relating to Lyondell, Millennium, Equistar and LCR provided to or otherwise discussed with Citigroup by the managements of Lyondell and
Millennium, as the case may be, including financial forecasts and other information and data relating to Lyondell, Millennium, Equistar and LCR prepared by the managements of Lyondell and Millennium and information relating to the potential
strategic implications and operational benefits anticipated by Lyondells management to result from the proposed transaction; and examined financial forecasts and other information and data relating to Millennium, as adjusted by Lyondells
management, provided to or otherwise discussed with Citigroup by Lyondells management; 



reviewed the financial terms of the proposed transaction as described in the agreement and plan of merger in relation to, among other things, current and historical market prices
and trading volumes of Lyondell common stock and Millennium common stock, the historical and projected operating data of Lyondell, Millennium, Equistar and LCR, and the capitalization and financial condition of Lyondell, Millennium, Equistar and
LCR; 



considered, to the extent publicly available, the financial terms of other transactions effected which Citigroup considered relevant in evaluating the proposed transaction;



analyzed financial, stock market and other publicly available information relating to the businesses of other companies whose operations Citigroup considered relevant in evaluating
those of Lyondell, Millennium, Equistar and LCR; 



evaluated potential pro forma financial effects of the proposed transaction on Lyondell; and 



conducted other analyses and examinations and considered other financial, economic and market criteria as Citigroup deemed appropriate in arriving at its opinion.

In rendering its opinion, Citigroup assumed and
relied, without independent verification, on the accuracy and completeness of all financial and other information and data publicly available or provided to or otherwise reviewed by or discussed with it and upon the assurances of the managements of
Lyondell and Millennium that no relevant information was omitted or remained undisclosed to Citigroup. Citigroup was advised that the financial forecasts and other information and data provided to or otherwise discussed with Citigroup by the
managements of Lyondell and Millennium respectively (including, with respect to the advice of Lyondells management, the adjustments to the financial forecasts and other information and data relating to Millennium prepared by Lyondells
management) were reasonably prepared on bases reflecting the best currently available estimates and judgments of the managements of Lyondell and Millennium, as the case may be, as to the future financial performance of Lyondell, Millennium, Equistar
and LCR and the other matters covered by the forecasts and other information and data. Citigroup assumed, with Lyondells consent, that the financial results reflected in the forecasts and other information and data, including the potential
strategic implications and operational benefits anticipated to result from the proposed transaction, would be realized in the amounts and at the times projected. Citigroup also assumed, with Lyondells consent, that the proposed transaction and
the related transactions contemplated by the agreement and plan of merger would be consummated in accordance with their terms without waiver, modification or amendment of any material term, condition or agreement and that, in the course of obtaining
the necessary regulatory or third party approvals, consents, releases and waivers for the proposed transaction and related transactions, no delay, limitation, restriction or condition would be imposed that would have an adverse effect on Lyondell,
Millennium or the contemplated benefits of the proposed transaction. Citigroup also assumed, with Lyondells consent, that the proposed transaction would be treated as a reorganization for federal income tax purposes. Citigroup did not express
any opinion as to what the value of Lyondell common stock actually would be when issued or the price at which Lyondell common stock would trade at any time. 



Citigroup did not make, and was not provided with, an independent evaluation or appraisal of the assets
or liabilities, contingent or otherwise, of Lyondell, Millennium, Equistar or LCR, and did not make any physical inspection of properties or assets of Lyondell, Millennium, Equistar or LCR. Citigroups opinion relates to the relative values of
Lyondell and Millennium. Citigroups opinion did not address any aspect of any related transactions and did not address the relative merits of the proposed transaction as compared to any alternative business strategies that might exist for
Lyondell or the effect of any other transaction in which Lyondell might engage. Citigroups opinion was necessarily based on information available, and financial, stock market and other conditions and circumstances existing and disclosed, to
Citigroup as of the date of its opinion. Although Citigroup evaluated the exchange ratio from a financial point of view, Citigroup was not asked to and it did not recommend the specific consideration payable in the proposed transaction, which was
determined through negotiation between Lyondell and Millennium. Except as described above, Lyondell imposed no other instructions or limitations on Citigroup with respect to the investigations made or procedures followed by Citigroup in rendering
its opinion. 

The full text of Citigroups written opinion
dated March 28, 2004, which describes the assumptions made, procedures followed, matters considered and limitations on the review undertaken, is attached to this joint proxy statement/prospectus as 
Annex B
 and is incorporated into this joint
proxy statement/prospectus by reference. 
Citigroups opinion was provided to Lyondells board of directors in connection with its evaluation of the exchange ratio and relates only to the fairness of the exchange ratio from a financial
point of view to Lyondell. Citigroups opinion does not address any other aspect of the proposed transaction or any related transaction and does not constitute a recommendation to any shareholder as to how such shareholder should vote or act on
any matters relating to the proposed transaction. 

In
preparing its opinion, Citigroup performed a variety of financial and comparative analyses, including those described below. The summary of these analyses is not a complete description of the analyses underlying Citigroups opinion. The
preparation of a financial opinion is a complex analytical process involving various determinations as to the most appropriate and relevant methods of financial analysis and the application of those methods to the particular circumstances and,
therefore, a financial opinion is not readily susceptible to summary description. Citigroup arrived at its ultimate opinion based on the results of all analyses undertaken by it and assessed as a whole, and did not draw, in isolation, conclusions
from or with regard to any one factor or method of analysis for purposes of its opinion. Accordingly, Citigroup believes that its analyses must be considered as a whole and that selecting portions of its analyses and factors or focusing on
information presented in tabular format, without considering all analyses and factors or the narrative description of the analyses, could create a misleading or incomplete view of the processes underlying its analyses and opinion. 

In its analyses, Citigroup considered industry performance, general business,
economic, market and financial conditions and other matters existing as of the date of its opinion, many of which are beyond the control of Lyondell and Millennium. No company, transaction or business used in those analyses as a comparison is
identical to Lyondell, Millennium, Equistar, LCR or the proposed transaction, and an evaluation of those analyses is not entirely mathematical. Rather, the analyses involve complex considerations and judgments concerning financial and operating
characteristics and other factors that could affect the acquisition, public trading or other values of the companies, business segments or transactions analyzed. 

The estimates contained in Citigroups analyses and the valuation ranges resulting from any particular analysis are not
necessarily indicative of actual values or predictive of future results or values, which may be significantly more or less favorable than those suggested by its analyses. In addition, analyses relating to the value of businesses or securities do not
necessarily purport to be appraisals or to reflect the prices at which businesses or securities actually may be sold. Accordingly, the estimates contained in, and the results derived from, Citigroups analyses are inherently subject to
substantial uncertainty. 

Citigroups opinion and analyses
were only one of many factors considered by Lyondells board of directors in its evaluation of the proposed transaction and should not be viewed as determinative of the views of the 



Lyondell board or management with respect to the proposed transaction or the exchange ratio provided for in the agreement and plan of merger. 

The following is a summary of the material financial analyses performed by
Citigroup in connection with the rendering of its opinion to Lyondells board of directors. 
The financial analyses summarized below include information presented in tabular format. In order to fully understand Citigroups financial
analyses, the tables must be read together with the text of each summary. The tables alone do not constitute a complete description of the financial analyses. Considering the data below without considering the full narrative description of the
financial analyses, including the methodologies and assumptions underlying the analyses, could create a misleading or incomplete view of Citigroups financial analyses.

Selected Companies Analyses 

Lyondell. 
Citigroup performed a selected companies analysis of each of Equistar, LCR and Lyondell, excluding Equistar
and LCR, referred to below as the Lyondell Base Business. Using publicly available information, Citigroup reviewed the market values and trading multiples of selected publicly held companies in industries similar to those of Equistar, LCR and the
Lyondell Base Business as described below. Multiples were based on closing stock prices on March 26, 2004. Estimated financial data for the selected companies were based on publicly available consensus research analysts estimates. Estimated
financial data for Equistar, LCR and the Lyondell Base Business were based on internal estimates of Lyondells management. 

Citigroup compared firm values, calculated as equity value plus straight debt, minority interest, straight preferred stock, all out-of-the-money
convertibles, less investments in unconsolidated affiliates and cash, as a multiple of earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, referred to as EBITDA. Citigroup applied ranges of selected EBITDA multiples derived from the
selected companies to corresponding financial data of Equistar, LCR and the Lyondell Base Business in order to derive an implied enterprise reference range for each of Equistar, LCR and the Lyondell Base Business. Utilizing these implied enterprise
reference ranges (after adjustment for Lyondells proportionate interests in Equistar and LCR), Citigroup then calculated an implied aggregate enterprise reference range for Lyondell. An implied per share equity reference range was then derived
after deduction for Lyondells proportionate share of the total debt, plus minority interest, less cash and investments in unconsolidated affiliates, of Equistar, LCR and the Lyondell Base Business. This analysis yielded an implied equity
reference range for Lyondell of approximately $11.41 to $18.19 per share. 

Equistar
. In the case of Equistar, Citigroup reviewed the market values and trading multiples of the following three selected publicly held commodity petrochemical companies in the chemical industry and applied
a range of selected multiples of calendar year 2003 EBITDA and calendar years 2004 and 2005 estimated EBITDA derived from the selected companies to corresponding financial data of Equistar: 



The Dow Chemical Company 



Nova Chemicals Corporation 



Georgia Gulf Corporation 

Due to the cyclicality of the businesses and operations of petrochemical companies, including Equistar and the selected companies above, the market values
and trading multiples of these companies at any one point in a typical petrochemical cycle can vary significantly. As a result, Citigroup also reviewed the historical market values and trading multiples of the selected companies at historical peaks
in the petrochemical cycle using financial data for calendar years 1989, 1990, 1995 and 1996 and the average historical market values and trading multiples of the selected companies over the course of the petrochemical cycle, using seven-year
rolling average data from January 1, 1990 to March 26, 2004. For purposes of this portion of Citigroups analysis, Nova Chemicals Corporation was excluded from the selected companies due to the lack of available data before 1998 and Lyondell
was included in the selected companies. Citigroup applied a range of selected peak EBITDA multiples derived from the selected companies to Equistars estimated EBITDA 



for calendar year 2006, the next peak in the petrochemical cycle as estimated by Lyondells management. The present value of the resulting enterprise
reference range was calculated using a discount rate of 8%. Citigroup also applied a range of the seven-year rolling average of the latest 12 months EBITDA multiples derived from the selected companies to Equistars estimated average EBITDA for
calendar years 2004 through 2011. 

LCR.

In the case of LCR, Citigroup reviewed the market values and trading multiples of the following five selected publicly held companies in the refining and marketing industry and applied a range of selected multiples of
calendar year 2003 EBITDA and calendar years 2004 and 2005 estimated EBITDA derived from these selected companies to corresponding financial data of LCR: 



Valero Energy Corporation 



Sunoco, Inc. 



Ashland Inc. 



Premcor Inc. 



Tesoro Petroleum Corporation 

Lyondell Base Business. 
In the case of the Lyondell Base Business, Citigroup reviewed the market values and trading multiples of
the following five selected publicly held companies in the chemical industry and applied a range of selected multiples of calendar years 2004 and 2005 estimated EBITDA derived from these selected companies to corresponding financial data of the
Lyondell Base Business: 



The Dow Chemical Company 



PPG Industries, Inc. 



Rohm and Haas Company 



Eastman Chemical Company 



Nova Chemicals Corporation 

Millennium. 
Citigroup also performed a selected companies analysis of Millennium, excluding Equistar, referred to below as the Millennium Base
Business. Using publicly available information, Citigroup reviewed the market values and trading multiples of the following six selected publicly held inorganic and/or intermediate chemical companies in the chemical industry: 



NL Industries, Inc. 



Eastman Chemical Company 



PPG Industries, Inc. 



Minerals Technologies Inc. 



Cabot Corporation 



Kronos Worldwide, Inc. 

Multiples were based on closing stock prices on March 26, 2004. Estimated financial data for the selected companies were based on publicly available
consensus research analysts estimates. Estimated financial data for the Millennium Base Business were based on internal estimates of Millenniums management as adjusted by Lyondells management. Citigroup compared firm values as a
multiple of calendar year 2003 EBITDA and calendar years 2004 and 2005 estimated EBITDA. Citigroup applied a range of selected EBITDA multiples derived from the selected companies for these years to corresponding financial data of the Millennium
Base Business in order to derive an implied enterprise reference range for the Millennium Base Business. Utilizing this 



implied enterprise reference range, together with the implied enterprise reference range derived for Equistar (after adjustment for Millenniums
proportionate interest in Equistar and deduction for Millenniums proportionate share of the total debt, plus minority interest, less cash and investments in unconsolidated affiliates, of the Millennium Base Business and Equistar), Citigroup
derived an implied per share equity reference range for Millennium. This analysis yielded an implied equity reference range for Millennium of approximately $14.79 to $21.57 per share. 

Using the implied per share equity reference ranges for Lyondell and Millennium described above, Citigroup then calculated
an implied exchange ratio reference range. This analysis indicated the following implied exchange ratio reference range, as compared to the exchange ratio in the proposed transaction of 1.05x based on the closing price of Lyondell common stock on
March 26, 2004: 

Implied Exchange Ratio Range

Proposed Transaction

Exchange Ratio Based on Closing Price
of Lyondell Common Stock on March 26, 2004

0.81x  1.89x

1.05x

Precedent
Transactions Analysis 

Using publicly available
information, Citigroup reviewed the transaction value multiples in the following 20 selected transactions involving companies in the chemical industry: 

Acquiror

Target

   Arch Chemicals, Inc.

   Avecia Limiteds Biocide Business

   The Blackstone Group

   Celanese AG

   Texas Pacific Group

   Kraton Polymers LLC

   Shin-Etsu Chemical Co., Ltd.

   Clariant AGs Cellulose Ethers Business

   The Blackstone Group, Apollo Management, L.P. and Goldman Sachs Capital Partners

   Ondeo Nalco, a division of Suez S.A.

   Chemtrade Logistics Income Fund

   BC Chemicals, a unit of Canfor Corp.

   Kao Corporation

   Aroma and Fragrance Business of Cognis Deutschland GmbH & Co. KG

   Soros Private Equity Partners

   PolymerLatex GmbH & Co. KG

   UCB S.A.

   Solutia Inc.s Resin and Coatings Business

   Superior Propane Inc.

   Sterling Chemical Inc.s Pulp Chemicals

   Dor-Moplefan Group and Bain Capital LLC

   Trespaphan GmbH & Co. KG

   Bain Capital LLC

   SigmaKalon Group

   Rohm & Haas Company and Akzo Nobel

   Ferro Corporations Powder Coatings

   RAG Aktiengesellschaft

   Degussa SG

   Forbo Holdings AG

   Reichhold Danmark A/Ss Swift Adhesives Unit

   PPM Ventures

   Lonza Group Ltd.s Polymer Intermediates

   General Electric Company

   Betz Dearborn Ltd.

   Solvay S.A.

   Ausimont US Ltd.

   Schroder Ventures US/Goldman Sachs Capital Partners

   Kenkel KGaA  Cogins

   Industri Kapital

   Perstorp AB

All multiples for the
selected transactions were based on publicly available financial information at the time of announcement of the relevant transaction. Citigroup compared firm values in the selected transactions as a multiple of latest 12 months EBITDA. Citigroup
then applied a range of selected multiples of latest 12 months EBITDA derived from the selected transactions to the calendar year 2004 estimated EBITDA of the Millennium Base Business. Estimated financial data for Millennium were based on internal
estimates of Millenniums management as adjusted by Lyondells management. 



Citigroup calculated an aggregate enterprise reference range for Millennium using the implied enterprise
range derived for the Millennium Base Business and Millenniums proportionate share of the implied enterprise range derived for Equistar from the Selected Companies AnalysesLyondellEquistar described above. After
deduction for Millenniums proportionate share of the total debt, plus minority interest, less cash and investments in unconsolidated affiliates, of the Millennium Base Business and Equistar, Citigroup then derived an implied per share equity
reference range for Millennium. This analysis yielded an implied equity reference range for Millennium of approximately $14.94 to $21.88 per share. Using this implied equity reference range for Millennium and the implied equity reference range for
Lyondell of approximately $11.41 to $18.19 per share derived from the Selected Companies AnalysesLyondell described above, Citigroup then calculated an implied exchange ratio reference range. This analysis indicated the following
implied exchange ratio reference range, as compared to the exchange ratio in the proposed transaction of 1.05x based on the closing price of Lyondell common stock on March 26, 2004: 

Implied Exchange Ratio Range

Proposed Transaction

Exchange Ratio Based on Closing Price

of Lyondell Common Stock on March 26, 2004

0.82x  1.92x

1.05x

Discounted Cash
Flow Analyses 

Lyondell
. Citigroup performed a
discounted cash flow analysis of each of Equistar, LCR and the Lyondell Base Business to calculate the estimated present value of the standalone unlevered, after-tax free cash flows that Equistar, LCR and the Lyondell Base Business could each
generate from March 28, 2004 through calendar year 2008. Estimated financial data for Equistar, LCR and the Lyondell Base Business were based on internal estimates of Lyondells management. Citigroup derived an implied enterprise reference
range for each of Equistar, LCR and the Lyondell Base Business by applying a range of selected EBITDA terminal value multiples to their respective calendar year 2008 estimated EBITDA and calculating the present value of the cash flows and terminal
values using a range of selected discount rates as described below. Utilizing these implied enterprise reference ranges (after adjustment for Lyondells proportionate interests in Equistar and LCR), Citigroup then calculated an implied
aggregate enterprise reference range for Lyondell. An implied per share equity reference range was then derived after deduction for Lyondells proportionate share of the total debt, plus minority interest, less cash and investments in
unconsolidated affiliates, of Equistar, LCR and the Lyondell Base Business. This analysis yielded an implied equity reference range for Lyondell of approximately $25.13 to $33.11 per share. 

Equistar. 
In the case of Equistar, Citigroup applied
a range of EBITDA terminal value multiples of 6.0x to 7.0x to Equistars calendar year 2008 estimated EBITDA. The present value of the cash flows and terminal values were calculated using discount rates ranging from 7.5% to 8.5%. 

LCR
. In the case of LCR, Citigroup applied a range of
EBITDA terminal value multiples of 5.0x to 6.0x to LCRs calendar year 2008 estimated EBITDA. The present value of the cash flows and terminal values were calculated using discount rates ranging from 7.0% to 8.0%. 

Lyondell Base Business. 
In the case of the Lyondell
Base Business, Citigroup applied a range of EBITDA terminal value multiples of 6.0x to 7.0x to the calendar year 2008 estimated EBITDA of the Lyondell Base Business. The present value of the cash flows and terminal values were calculated using
discount rates ranging from 7.5% to 8.5%. 

Millennium
.
Citigroup also performed a discounted cash flow analysis of the Millennium Base Business to calculate the estimated present value of the standalone unlevered, after-tax free cash flows that the Millennium Base Business could generate from March 28,
2004 through calendar year 2008. Estimated financial data for the Millennium Base Business were based on internal estimates of Millenniums management as adjusted by Lyondells management. Citigroup derived an implied enterprise reference
range for the Millennium Base Business by applying a range of EBITDA terminal value multiples of 6.5x to 7.5x to the calendar year 2008 



estimated EBITDA of the Millennium Base Business. The present value of the cash flows and terminal values were calculated using discount rates ranging from
7.5% to 8.5%. Utilizing this implied enterprise reference range, together with the implied enterprise reference range derived for Equistar (after adjustment for Millenniums proportionate interest in Equistar and deduction for Millenniums
proportionate share of the total debt, plus minority interest, less cash and investments in unconsolidated affiliates, of the Millennium Base Business and Equistar), Citigroup derived an implied per share equity reference range for Millennium. This
analysis yielded an implied equity reference range for Millennium of approximately $20.63 to $27.17 per share without taking into account potential cost savings and other synergies from the proposed transaction estimated by Lyondells
management, and approximately $20.63 to $33.34 per share after taking into account, in the case of the high end of the implied equity reference range, potential cost savings and other synergies from the proposed transaction estimated by
Lyondells management. 

Using the implied per share equity
reference ranges for Lyondell and Millennium described above, Citigroup then calculated an implied exchange ratio reference range. This analysis indicated the following implied exchange ratio reference ranges, as compared to the exchange ratio in
the proposed transaction of 1.05x based on the closing price of Lyondell common stock on March 26, 2004: 

Implied Exchange

Ratio Range (Without Synergies)

Implied Exchange

Ratio Range (With Synergies)

Proposed Transaction Exchange Ratio

Based on Closing Price of Lyondell
Common Stock on March 26, 2004

0.62x  1.08x

0.62x  1.32x

1.05x

Historical
Exchange Ratio Analysis 

Citigroup reviewed the
historical ratio of the daily closing prices of Millennium common stock to the daily closing prices of Lyondell common stock on March 26, 2004 and for the 12-month, two-year, three-year and five-year periods preceding March 26, 2004. This analysis
indicated an implied exchange ratio range of 0.64x to 1.87x, as compared to the exchange ratio in the proposed transaction of 1.05x based on the closing price of Lyondell common stock on March 26, 2004, as indicated in the following table:

Specified Period:

Low

Average

High

March 26, 2004

N/A

0.80x

N/A

12-month

0.64x

0.76x

0.96x

Two-year

0.64x

0.81x

1.05x

Three-year

0.64x

0.85x

1.18x

Five-year

0.64x

1.03x

1.87x

Contribution
Analysis 

Citigroup compared the relative fully
proportionate contributions of Lyondell and Millennium to the combined companys calendar year 2003 EBITDA, earnings before interest and taxes, referred to as EBIT, net income and free cash flows before debt repayments, common stock dividends
and equity issuances, referred to as Free Cash Flows, and calendar years 2004 through 2006 estimated EBITDA, EBIT, net income and Free Cash Flows. Citigroup then calculated implied exchange ratios based on the percentage contributions of Lyondell
and Millennium to these operational metrics. Estimated financial data for Lyondell were based on internal estimates of Lyondells management, and estimated financial data for Millennium were based on internal estimates of Millenniums
management as adjusted by Lyondells management. Financial statistics that were not meaningful due to a negative contribution from either or both companies have been reflected as NM. This analysis indicated implied percentage
contribution ranges of approximately 25.6% to 82.7% for Lyondell and approximately 17.3% to 74.4% for Millennium, which implied an exchange ratio range of 0.023x to 7.978x, as 



compared to the exchange ratio in the proposed transaction of 1.05x based on the closing price of Lyondell common stock on March 26, 2004, as indicated in
the following table: 

Lyondell

Contribution

Millennium

Contribution

Implied

Exchange Ratio

EBITDA

2003A

73.3

%

26.7

%

1.174x

2004E

70.6

%

29.4

%

1.960x

2005E

71.9

%

28.1

%

1.725x

2006E

72.0

%

28.0

%

1.501x

EBIT

2003A

82.7

%

17.3

%

0.023x

2004E

69.0

%

31.0

%

2.383x

2005E

71.3

%

28.7

%

1.864x

2006E

71.5

%

28.5

%

1.586x

Net Income

2003A

NM

NM

NM

2004E

NM

NM

NM

2005E

67.2

%

32.8

%

1.340x

2006E

71.1

%

28.9

%

1.114x

Free Cash Flows

2003A

NM

NM

NM

2004E

25.6

%

74.4

%

7.978x

2005E

72.1

%

27.9

%

1.058x

2006E

80.7

%

19.3

%

0.655x

Other Factors

In rendering its opinion, Citigroup also reviewed and
considered other factors, including: 



the potential pro forma financial effect of the proposed transaction on Lyondells estimated earnings per share, estimated Free Cash Flows per share and credit statistics,
after giving effect to estimated transaction costs and potential cost savings and other synergies anticipated by Lyondells management to result from the proposed transaction; 



the collar mechanism and the implied present value of the collar based on the closing price of Lyondell common stock on March 26, 2004, assuming a closing date for the proposed
transaction of June 26, 2004 and a 49% volatility rate for Lyondell common stock during this three-month period; 



the low and high trading prices of Lyondell common stock and Millennium common stock during the 52-week period ended March 26, 2004 and the exchange ratios implied by these trading
prices; 



historical trading prices and trading volumes of Lyondell common stock and Millennium common stock during the period from January 1, 2000 through March 26, 2004, and historical
trading volumes of Millennium common stock at various price ranges during the one-year period ended March 26, 2004; 



the relationship between movements in Lyondell common stock, movements in Millennium common stock, movements in the common stock of selected companies and movements in the Standard
and Poors 500 index during the period from January 1, 2000 through March 26, 2004; 



publicly available research analysts reports for Lyondell and Millennium, including earnings per share (EPS) estimates reflected in those reports, a
comparison of the EBITDA of the Lyondell Base Business, LCR and Equistar as estimated by Lyondells management relative to publicly available research 



analysts estimates, and a comparison of the EBIT of Millenniums various business segments as estimated by Lyondells management and
Millenniums management (as adjusted by Lyondells management) relative to publicly available research analysts estimates; 



the premia implied in the proposed transaction based on the exchange ratio in the proposed transaction of 1.05x and the closing price of Lyondell common stock on March 26, 2004
relative to the closing prices of Millennium common stock over various trading periods ended March 26, 2004; and 



the multiples implied in the proposed transaction based on the exchange ratio in the proposed transaction of 1.05x and the closing price of Lyondell common stock on March 26, 2004,
both with and without taking into account potential cost savings and other synergies anticipated by Lyondells management to result from the proposed transaction. 

Miscellaneous 

Under the terms of Citigroups engagement, Lyondell has agreed to pay Citigroup an aggregate fee of $8.5 million for its financial advisory services
upon completion of the proposed transaction, of which $7.5 million is contingent on the closing of the transaction. In the event the proposed transaction is not consummated and Lyondell receives a termination fee from Millennium, Lyondell has agreed
to pay Citigroup an aggregate fee of up to $7 million. Lyondell has agreed to reimburse Citigroup for reasonable travel and other expenses incurred by Citigroup in performing its services, including reasonable fees and expenses of its legal counsel,
and to indemnify Citigroup and related persons against liabilities, including liabilities under the federal securities laws, arising out of its engagement.

Citigroup and its affiliates in the past have provided investment banking and financial services to Lyondell and
Equistar unrelated to the proposed transaction and, since January 1, 2002, have received fees of approximately $14.5 million from Lyondell and approximately $7.3 million from Equistar for these services. In addition, Citigroup and its affiliates
currently are providing services to Lyondell and Equistar in connection with their respective credit facilities, including with respect to amendments contemplated in connection with the proposed transaction, for which services Citigroup and its
affiliates expect to receive compensation, which has not been quantified at this time. In the ordinary course of business, Citigroup and its affiliates may actively trade or hold the securities of Lyondell, Equistar and Millennium for their own
account or for the account of customers and, accordingly, may at any time hold a long or short position in those securities. In addition, Citigroup and its affiliates, including Citigroup Inc. and its affiliates, may maintain relationships with
Lyondell, Millennium and their respective affiliates. Dudley C. Mecum, a member of Lyondells board of directors, is also a member of Citigroup Inc.s board of directors. Mr. Mecum recused himself from the approval by Lyondells board
of directors of the engagement of Citigroup in connection with the proposed transaction. 

Lyondell selected Citigroup as its exclusive financial advisor based on Citigroups reputation, experience and familiarity with Lyondell and its business. Citigroup is an internationally recognized investment
banking firm which regularly engages in the valuation of businesses and their securities in connection with mergers and acquisitions, negotiated underwritings, competitive bids, secondary distributions of listed and unlisted securities, private
placements and valuations for estate, corporate and other purposes. 

Opinion of J.P. Morgan Securities Inc., one of Millenniums Financial Advisors 

Millenniums board of directors has retained JPMorgan as its principal financial advisor in connection with the proposed transaction. In connection
with this engagement, Millennium requested that JPMorgan evaluate the fairness, from a financial point of view, to the holders of Millennium common stock of the exchange ratio in the proposed transaction. 

At the March 28, 2004 meeting of Millenniums board of directors,
JPMorgan rendered its oral opinion, subsequently confirmed in writing, to Millenniums board of directors that, as of such date, the exchange ratio in the proposed transaction was fair, from a financial point of view, to the holders of
Millennium common stock. 



The full text of the written opinion of JPMorgan dated March 28, 2004, which sets forth the assumptions
made, matters considered and limits on the review undertaken, is attached to this joint proxy statement/ prospectus as 
Annex C
 and is incorporated in this joint proxy statement/prospectus by reference. Millenniums shareholders are urged
to read the opinion in its entirety. JPMorgans written opinion is addressed to Millenniums board of directors, is directed only to the exchange ratio in the proposed transaction and does not constitute a recommendation to any
shareholders of Millennium as to how such shareholders should vote at the Millennium special meeting. The summary of the opinion of JPMorgan set forth in this joint proxy statement/prospectus is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full
text of such opinion. 

In arriving at its opinion, JPMorgan,
among other things: 



reviewed the agreement and plan of merger; 



reviewed certain publicly available business and financial information concerning Millennium and Lyondell and the industries in which they operate; 



reviewed certain financial forecasts prepared by the managements of Millennium and Lyondell relating to their respective businesses, as well as the estimated amount and timing of
cost savings and related expenses expected to result from the proposed transaction and related transactions, such cost savings and related expenses being referred to as synergies; 



compared the proposed financial terms of the proposed transaction with the publicly available financial terms of certain transactions involving companies JPMorgan deemed relevant
and the consideration received for such companies; 



compared the financial and operating performance of Millennium and Lyondell with publicly available information concerning certain other companies JPMorgan deemed relevant and
reviewed the current and historical market prices of Millennium common stock and Lyondell common stock and certain publicly traded securities of such other companies; and 



performed such other financial studies and analyses and considered such other information as JPMorgan deemed appropriate for the purposes of its opinion. 

JPMorgan also held discussions with certain members of the management of
Millennium and Lyondell with respect to certain aspects of the proposed transaction, and the past and current business operations of Millennium and Lyondell, the financial condition and future prospects and operations of Millennium and Lyondell, the
effects of the proposed transaction on the financial condition and future prospects of Millennium and Lyondell, and certain other matters JPMorgan believed necessary or appropriate to its inquiry. 

JPMorgan relied upon and assumed, without independent verification, the
accuracy and completeness of all information that was publicly available or that was furnished to it by Millennium and Lyondell or otherwise reviewed by JPMorgan, and JPMorgan has not assumed any responsibility or liability therefor. JPMorgan did
not conduct any valuation or appraisal of any assets or liabilities, nor were any valuations or appraisals provided to JPMorgan. In relying on financial forecasts provided to it, including the synergies referred to above, JPMorgan assumed that they
were reasonably prepared based on assumptions reflecting the best currently available estimates and judgments by management as to the expected future results of operations and financial condition of the company to which such forecasts relate.
JPMorgan did not express any view as to such forecasts, including the synergies referred to above, or the assumptions on which they were based. In addition, the financial forecasts provided to JPMorgan did not take into account the possible effects
of the proposed transaction on existing and future agreements between Millennium or any of Millenniums affiliates and Lyondell or any of Lyondells affiliates and JPMorgan was not requested to and did not review these agreements or make
any adjustments for any possible effects of the proposed transaction on these agreements. JPMorgan also assumed that the proposed transaction will qualify as a tax-free reorganization for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 

In addition, JPMorgan assumed, in all respects material to its analysis, that
the proposed transaction and the other transactions contemplated by the agreement and plan of merger will be consummated as described in the 



agreement and plan of merger, that all the representations and warranties of each party contained in the agreement and plan of merger were true and correct,
that each party to the agreement and plan of merger will perform all of the covenants and agreements required to be performed by it thereunder without any consents or waivers of the other parties thereto, and that all conditions to the consummation
of the proposed transaction will be satisfied without waiver thereof. JPMorgan is not a legal, tax or regulatory expert and has relied upon, without assuming any responsibility for independent verification or liability therefor, the assessment of
Millenniums legal, tax and regulatory advisors with respect to the legal, tax and regulatory matters related to the proposed transaction. JPMorgan further assumed that all material governmental, regulatory or other consents and approvals
necessary for the consummation of the proposed transaction will be obtained without any adverse effect on Millennium or Lyondell or on the contemplated benefits of the proposed transaction in any respect material to its analysis. 

The financial forecasts furnished to JPMorgan by Millennium and Lyondell were
prepared by the respective managements of each company. These financial forecasts were based on numerous variables and assumptions that are inherently uncertain and may be beyond the control of management, including, without limitation, factors
related to general economic and competitive conditions and prevailing interest rates. Accordingly, actual results could vary significantly from those set forth in such projections. In preparing its analyses, JPMorgan used the financial projections
for Millennium prepared by the management of Millennium, the financial projections of Lyondell prepared by the management of Lyondell, and, with the consent of Millennium, the financial projections for Equistar prepared by the management of
Lyondell. 

JPMorgans opinion is based on economic, market
and other conditions as in effect on, and the information made available to JPMorgan as of, the date of its opinion. Subsequent developments may affect the written opinion dated March 28, 2004, and JPMorgan does not have any obligation to update,
revise, or reaffirm its opinion. JPMorgans opinion is limited to the fairness, from a financial point of view, to the holders of Millennium common stock of the exchange ratio in the proposed transaction, and JPMorgan has expressed no opinion
as to the underlying decision by Millennium to engage in the proposed transaction. JPMorgan expressed no opinion as to the price at which Lyondell common stock will trade at any future time, whether before or after the closing of the proposed
transaction. 

JPMorgan was not authorized to and did not
solicit any expressions of interest from any other parties with respect to the sale of all or any part of Millennium or any other alternative transaction. JPMorgan was not requested to and did not make any recommendation to Millenniums board
of directors as to the specific form or amount of the consideration to be received by Millenniums shareholders, which was determined through arms length negotiations between the parties. Consequently, JPMorgan assumed that such terms are
the most beneficial terms from Millenniums perspective that could under the circumstances be negotiated among the parties to such transactions, and JPMorgan expressed no opinion as to whether any alternative transaction might produce
consideration for Millenniums shareholders in an amount in excess of that contemplated in the proposed transaction. In rendering its opinion, JPMorgan made the assumptions described above. These assumptions were made at the direction of, and
with the consent of, Millennium. Except as described above, no other limitations were imposed by Millennium upon JPMorgan with respect to the investigations made or procedures followed by it in rendering its opinion. 

In accordance with customary investment banking practice, JPMorgan employed
generally accepted valuation methods in reaching its opinion. The following is a summary of the material financial analyses utilized by JPMorgan in connection with providing its opinion. 

Historical Exchange Ratio Analysis 

JPMorgan reviewed the historical average exchange ratio between Millennium common stock and Lyondell common stock as of
March 26, 2004 and for the one-month, six-month, one-year and two-year periods ending March 26, 2004. The historical average exchange ratios were calculated by dividing the daily closing price per 



share of Millennium common stock by the daily closing price per share of Lyondell common stock for each day in the indicated periods and then averaged for
such period. JPMorgan also reviewed the high and the low historical exchange ratio for the two-year period ending March 26, 2004. This review indicated an implied exchange ratio range of 0.64 to 1.05 Lyondell shares per Millennium share as compared
to the proposed transaction exchange ratio range of 0.95 to 1.05 Lyondell shares per Millennium share in the proposed transaction. 

Period Ended March 26, 2004

Exchange Ratio

One day

0.80

One-month average

0.79

Six-month average

0.74

One-year average

0.76

Two-year average

0.81

Two-year high

1.05

Two-year low

0.64

Public Trading
Multiples Analysis 

Using publicly available
information, JPMorgan compared selected financial data of Millennium and Lyondell with similar data for selected publicly traded companies engaged in businesses that JPMorgan judged to be reasonably comparable to Millennium or Lyondell, as the case
may be. It should be noted that no company used in the analyses below is identical in all respects to Millennium or Lyondell. In evaluating companies identified by JPMorgan as reasonably comparable to Millennium and Lyondell, JPMorgan made judgments
and assumptions with regard to industry performance, general business, economic, market and financial conditions and other matters, many of which are beyond the control of Millennium or Lyondell. 

Millennium.
 JPMorgan reviewed the market values and trading multiples
of the following five companies selected by it as reasonably comparable to Millennium: 



Eastman Chemical Company 



Georgia Gulf Corporation 



Lyondell 



NOVA Chemicals Corporation 



NL Industries, Inc. 

JPMorgan compared firm values, calculated as the equity value as of March 26, 2004, short and long-term non-convertible debt, minority interest,
non-convertible preferred stock and all out-of-the-money convertible securities, including convertible debt and convertible preferred stock, less cash as a multiple of EBITDA, defined as earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and
amortization. JPMorgan applied a range of selected multiples of estimated 2004, 2005 and 2006 EBITDA to the corresponding financial data for Millennium, including Millenniums 29.5% share of Equistars EBITDA, to derive an indicative firm
value range for Millennium. JPMorgan used this indicative firm value range to estimate an implied equity value range for Millennium common stock, including adjustments for Millenniums pro rata 29.5% share of Equistars short and long-term
debt and cash, of approximately $10.00 to $17.00 per share. 

Lyondell.
 JPMorgan reviewed the market values and trading multiples of the following five companies selected by it as reasonably comparable to Lyondell: 



The Dow Chemical Company 



Eastman Chemical Company 





Georgia Gulf Corporation 



Millennium 



NOVA Chemicals Corporation 

JPMorgan applied a range of selected multiples of estimated 2004, 2005 and 2006 EBITDA to the corresponding financial data for Lyondell, including only
Lyondells 58.75% share of LCRs EBITDA and only Lyondells 70.5% share of Equistars EBITDA, to derive an indicative firm value range for Lyondell. JPMorgan used this indicative firm value range to estimate an implied equity
value range for Lyondell common stock, including adjustments for Lyondells pro rata 58.75% share of LCRs short and long-term debt and cash and Lyondells pro rata 70.5% share of Equistars short and long-term debt and cash, of
approximately $11.50 to $20.00 per share. 

Using the range of
implied equity values for Millennium and Lyondell described above, JPMorgan then calculated a range of implied exchange ratios. The high and the low implied exchange ratio were calculated by dividing the highest per share value for Millennium with
the lowest per share value for Lyondell and the lowest per share value for Millennium with the highest per share value for Lyondell, respectively. A middle range of implied exchange ratios was calculated by dividing the highest per share value for
Millennium by the highest per share value for Lyondell and the lowest per share value for Millennium by the lowest per share value for Lyondell. This analysis indicated a low implied exchange ratio of 0.50 Lyondell shares per Millennium share, a
high implied exchange ratio of 1.48 Lyondell shares per Millennium share and a middle range of implied exchange ratios of 0.85 to 0.87 Lyondell shares per Millennium share, as compared to the proposed transaction exchange ratio of 0.95 to 1.05
Lyondell shares per Millennium share. 

Sum-of-the-Parts
Public Trading Multiples Analysis 

Using publicly
available information, JPMorgan also compared selected financial data of Millenniums titanium dioxide, acetyls and specialty chemicals divisions, Lyondells intermediate chemicals and derivatives division, LCR and Equistar with similar
data for selected publicly traded companies engaged in businesses that JPMorgan judged to be reasonably comparable to Millenniums titanium dioxide, acetyls and specialty chemicals divisions, Lyondells intermediate chemicals and
derivatives division, LCR or Equistar, as the case may be. It should be noted that no company used in the analyses below is identical in all respects to Millenniums titanium dioxide, acetyls or specialty chemicals divisions, Lyondells
intermediate chemicals and derivatives division, LCR or Equistar, as the case may be. In evaluating companies identified by JPMorgan as reasonably comparable to Millenniums and Lyondells divisions, LCR and Equistar, JPMorgan made
judgments and assumptions with regard to industry performance, general business, economic, market and financial conditions and other matters, many of which are beyond the control of Millennium or Lyondell. 

Millennium 

Titanium Dioxide Division
. JPMorgan reviewed the market values and
trading multiples of the following five companies selected by it as reasonably comparable to Millenniums titanium dioxide division: 



Cabot Corporation 



Ferro Corporation 



Ishihara Sangyo Kaisha 



Minerals Technologies Inc. 



NL Industries, Inc. 

JPMorgan applied a range of selected multiples of estimated 2004 and 2005 EBITDA to the corresponding financial data for Millenniums titanium
dioxide division to derive an indicative firm value range for such division. 



Acetyls Division
.
 JPMorgan reviewed the market values and trading multiples of the
following four companies selected by it as reasonably comparable to Millenniums acetyls division: 



Acetex Corporation 



Eastman Chemical Company 



Methanex Corporation 



NOVA Chemicals Corporation 

JPMorgan applied a range of selected multiples of estimated 2004, 2005 and 2006 EBITDA to the corresponding financial data for Millenniums acetyls
division to derive an indicative firm value range for such division. 

Specialty Chemicals Division
.
 JPMorgan reviewed the market values and trading multiples of the following four companies selected by it as reasonably comparable to Millenniums specialty chemicals division: 



International Flavors & Fragrances Inc. 



Givaudan SA 



Penford Corporation 



Sensient Technologies Corporation 

JPMorgan applied a range of selected multiples of estimated 2004 and 2005 EBITDA to the corresponding financial data for Millenniums specialty
chemicals division to derive an indicative firm value range for such division. 

Equistar
.
 JPMorgan also reviewed the market values and trading multiples of the following four companies selected by it as reasonably comparable to Equistar: 



The Dow Chemical Company 



Eastman Chemical Company 



Georgia Gulf Corporation 



NOVA Chemicals Corporation 

JPMorgan applied a range of selected multiples of estimated 2004, 2005 and 2006 EBITDA to 29.5% of the corresponding financial data for Equistar to derive
an indicative firm value range for Millenniums 29.5% interest in Equistar. 

JPMorgan used the indicative firm value ranges for each of Millenniums titanium dioxide, acetyls and specially chemicals divisions and Millenniums 29.5% interest in Equistar, taking into account corporate
and other expenses, to derive an implied firm value range for all of Millennium. JPMorgan used this implied firm value range for Millennium to estimate an implied equity value range for Millennium common stock, including adjustments for
Millenniums pro rata 29.5% share of Equistars short and long-term debt and cash, of approximately $10.00 to $16.50 per share. 

Lyondell 

Intermediate Chemicals and Derivatives Division
. JPMorgan also reviewed the market values and trading multiples of the following five companies
selected by it as reasonably comparable to Lyondells intermediate chemicals and derivatives division: 



The Dow Chemical Company 





Eastman Chemical Company 



Georgia Gulf Corporation 



Millennium 



NOVA Chemicals Corporation 

JPMorgan applied a range of selected multiples of estimated 2004, 2005 and 2006 EBITDA to the corresponding financial data for Lyondells
intermediate chemicals and derivatives division to derive an indicative firm value range for such division. 

LCR
.
 JPMorgan also reviewed the market values and trading multiples of the following five companies selected by it as reasonably comparable
to LCR: 



Ashland, Inc. 



Frontier Oil Corporation 



Premcor Inc. 



Tesoro Petroleum Corporation 



Valero Energy Corporation 

JPMorgan applied a range of selected multiples of estimated 2004 and 2005 and EBITDA to 58.75% of the corresponding financial data for LCR to derive an
indicative firm value range for Lyondells 58.75% interest in LCR. 

Equistar
.
 The companies selected by JPMorgan as reasonably comparable to Equistar were the same as those listed above in the description of the sum-of-the-parts analysis for Millennium. JPMorgan applied a range of selected
multiples of estimated 2004, 2005 and 2006 EBITDA to 70.5% of the corresponding financial data for Equistar division to derive an indicative firm value range for Lyondells 70.5% interest in Equistar. 

JPMorgan used the indicative firm value ranges for each of Lyondells
intermediate chemicals and derivatives division, Lyondells 58.75% interest in LCR and Lyondells 70.5% interest in Equistar to derive an implied firm value range for all of Lyondell. JPMorgan used this implied firm value range for
Lyondell to estimate an implied equity value range for Lyondell common stock, including adjustments for Lyondells pro rata 58.75% share of LCRs short and long-term debt and cash and Lyondells pro rata 70.5% share of Equistars
short and long-term debt and cash, of approximately $10.50 to $18.00 per share. 

Using the implied equity value ranges for Millennium and Lyondell described above, JPMorgan then calculated a range of implied exchange ratios. The high and the low implied exchange ratio were calculated by dividing
the highest per share value for Millennium with the lowest per share value for Lyondell and the lowest per share value for Millennium with the highest per share value for Lyondell, respectively. A middle range of implied exchange ratios was
calculated by dividing the highest per share value for Millennium by the highest per share value for Lyondell and the lowest per share value for Millennium by the lowest per share value for Lyondell. This analysis indicated a low implied exchange
ratio of 0.56 Lyondell shares per Millennium share, a high implied exchange ratio of 1.57 Lyondell shares per Millennium share and a middle range of implied exchange ratios of 0.92 to 0.95 Lyondell shares per Millennium share, as compared to the
proposed transaction exchange ratio of 0.95 to 1.05 Lyondell shares per Millennium share. 

Sum-of-the-Parts Selected Transactions Analysis 

Using publicly available information, JPMorgan examined selected transactions with respect to Millenniums titanium dioxide, acetyls and specialty chemicals divisions as well as Millenniums 29.5% interest
in Equistar. All 



multiples for the selected transactions were based on the publicly available financial information at the time of announcement of the relevant transaction.
Specifically, JPMorgan reviewed the following transactions: 

Acquiror

Target

Titanium Dioxide Transactions

   Kerr-McGee Corporation

   Certain assets of Kemira Oyj

   Huntsman LLC

   Certain assets of Imperial Chemical Industries, plc

   Kerr-McGee Corporation

   Bayer AGs titanium dioxide business

   Millennium

   Certain assets of Rhone-Poulenc

   E.I. duPont de Nemours and Company

   Certain assets of Imperial Chemical Industries, plc (terminated)

   NL Industries, Inc.

   Certain assets of Imperial Chemical Industries, plc (terminated)

Specialty Chemicals Transactions

   EQT Northern Europe Private Equity Funds

   Haarmann & Reimer (a unit of Bayer AG)

   Givaudan AG

   Nestle SAs food ingredients specialties unit

   Kerry Group plc

   San Giorgio Flavors

   International Flavors & Fragrances Inc.

   Bush Boake Allen Ltd.

   Lehman Brothers/Hercules joint venture

   Hercules food gums business

   Lehman Brothers/Hercules joint venture

   Kelco biogums business (a unit of Pharmacia Corporation)

   Broomco Limited

   CPL Aromas plc

   Cultor Corp.

   Pierre Chauvet SA

Diversified Commodity Transactions

   The Blackstone Group

   Celenese AG

   LG Chem Ltd. and Honam Petrochemical Corp.

   Hyundai Petrochemical Co.

   Atofina Chemicals, Inc.

   50% interest in Samsung General Chemicals Co.

   Saudi Basic Industries Corp.

   DSM Petrochemicals

   Lyondell

   Occidental Petroleum Corporations 29.5% interest in Equistar

   Sunoco, Inc.

   Aristech Chemical Corporation

   Bayer AG

   Lyondell Polyols

   The Dow Chemical Company

   Union Carbide Corporation

   Huntsman Corp.

   Certain assets of Imperial Chemical Industries, plc

   Lyondell

   ARCO Chemical Company

   OMV AG

   25% stake in Borealis A/S

   Huntsman Corp.

   Rexene Corporation

   ATX

   Sterling Chemicals, Inc.

Titanium Dioxide
Division
.
 JPMorgan applied ranges of relevant multiples derived from its review of selected transactions to the operating capacity (expressed in tons per annum) of Millenniums titanium dioxide division to derive an indicative firm
value range for such division. 

Acetyls Division
.
JPMorgan applied ranges of relevant multiples derived from its review of selected transactions to the average of 1999 through 2003 EBITDA of Millenniums acetyls division to derive an indicative firm value range for such division. 



Specialty Chemicals Division
.
 JPMorgan applied ranges of relevant multiples derived from
its review of selected transactions to the 2003 EBITDA of Millenniums specialty chemicals division to derive an indicative firm value range for such division. 

Equistar
.
 JPMorgan applied ranges of relevant multiples derived from its review of selected transactions to
29.5% of the normalized EBITDA of Equistar to derive an indicative firm value range for Millenniums 29.5% interest in Equistar. EBITDA was estimated based on an average of Equistars EBITDA for 1995 to 2001, as discussed with
Millenniums management. 

JPMorgan used the indicative
firm value ranges for each of Millenniums titanium dioxide, acetyls, specialty chemicals divisions and Millenniums 29.5% interest in Equistar, taking into account corporate and other expenses, to derive an implied firm value range for
all of Millennium. JPMorgan used this implied firm value range for Millennium to estimate an implied equity value range for Millennium common stock, including adjustments for Millenniums pro rata 29.5% share of Equistars short and
long-term debt and cash, of approximately $7.00 to $16.50 per share. 

Discounted Cash Flow Analysis 

Millennium Sum-of-the-Parts.
 JPMorgan conducted a discounted cash flow analysis to determine a range of estimated equity values per share for Millennium common stock. JPMorgan calculated the present value of the unlevered free cash
flows that Millennium and Equistar are expected to generate from 2004 through 2008. These financial projections did not include the effect of any synergies expected to result from the transaction and related transactions. JPMorgan also calculated
the present value of a range of terminal values for Millennium at the end of 2008 by applying a perpetuity growth rate range of 1.5% to 2.5% for Millenniums titanium dioxide, acetyls and specialty chemicals divisions and Millenniums
corporate and other expenses and a perpetuity growth rate range of 1.0% to 2.0% for Equistar. The unlevered free cash flows and the range of terminal values were discounted to present values using a range of discount rates from 9.0% to 10.0%. The
present value of the unlevered free cash flows and the present value of the range of terminal values for Millenniums titanium dioxide, acetyls and specialty chemicals divisions, Millenniums 29.5% stake in Equistar and Millenniums
corporate and other expenses plus the present value of the expected tax savings from Millenniums net operating losses was used to estimate an indicative firm value range for Millennium. JPMorgan used this indicative firm value range to
estimate an implied equity value range for Millennium common stock, including adjustments for Millenniums pro rata 29.5% share of Equistars short and long-term debt and cash, of approximately $15.00 to $24.50 per share. 

Lyondell Sum-of-the-Parts.
 JPMorgan also conducted a discounted cash
flow analysis to determine a range of equity values per share for Lyondell common stock. JPMorgan calculated the present value of the unlevered free cash flows that Lyondell and Equistar are expected to generate from 2004 through 2008. These
financial projections did not include the effect of any synergies expected to result from the transaction and related transactions. JPMorgan also calculated the present value of a range of terminal values for Lyondell at the end of 2008 by applying
a perpetuity growth rate range of 1.5% to 2.5% for Lyondells intermediate chemicals and derivatives division and a perpetuity growth rate range of 1.0% to 2.0% for Equistar. The unlevered free cash flows and the range of terminal values were
discounted to present values using a range of discount rates from 9.0% to 10.0%. The present value of the unlevered free cash flows and the present value of the range of terminal values for Lyondells intermediate chemicals and derivatives
division, Lyondells 58.75% interest in LCR and Lyondells 70.5% interest in Equistar plus the present value of the expected tax savings from Lyondells net operating losses was used to estimate an indicative firm value range for
Lyondell. JPMorgan used this indicative firm value range to estimate an implied equity value range for Lyondell common stock, including adjustments for Lyondells pro rata 58.75% share of LCRs short and long-term debt and cash and
Lyondells pro rata 70.5% share of Equistars short and long-term debt and cash, of approximately $20.00 to $30.50 per share. 

Using the range of implied equity values for Millennium and Lyondell described above, JPMorgan then calculated a range of implied exchange ratios. The
high and the low implied exchange ratio were calculated by 



dividing the highest per share value for Millennium with the lowest per share value for Lyondell and the lowest per share value for Millennium with the
highest per share value for Lyondell, respectively. A middle range of implied exchange ratios was calculated by dividing the highest per share value for Millennium by the highest per share value for Lyondell and the lowest per share value for
Millennium by the lowest per share value for Lyondell. This analysis indicated a low implied exchange ratio of 0.49 Lyondell shares per Millennium share, a high implied exchange ratio of 1.23 Lyondell shares per Millennium share and a middle range
of implied exchange ratios of 0.75 to 0.80 Lyondell shares per Millennium share, as compared to the transaction exchange ratio of 0.95 to 1.05 Lyondell shares per Millennium share. 

The summary set forth above does not purport to be a complete description of the analyses or data presented by JPMorgan. The
preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex process and is not necessarily susceptible to partial analysis or summary description. JPMorgan believes that the summary set forth above and its analyses must be considered as a whole and that
selecting portions thereof, without considering all of its analyses, could create an incomplete view of the processes underlying its analyses and opinion. JPMorgan based its analyses on assumptions that it deemed reasonable, including assumptions
concerning general business and economic conditions and industry-specific factors. The other principal assumptions upon which JPMorgan based its analyses are set forth above under the description of each such analysis. JPMorgans analyses are
not necessarily indicative of actual values or actual future results that might be achieved, which values may be higher or lower than those indicated. Moreover, JPMorgans analyses are not and do not purport to be appraisals or otherwise
reflective of the prices at which businesses actually could be bought or sold. As described above, the opinion of JPMorgan was among many factors taken into consideration by Millenniums board of directors in making its determination to approve
the agreement and plan of merger and the proposed transaction. 

As a part of its investment banking business, JPMorgan and its affiliates are continually engaged in the valuation of businesses and their securities in connection with mergers and acquisitions, investments for passive and control purposes,
negotiated underwritings, secondary distributions of listed and unlisted securities, private placements, and valuations for estate, corporate and other purposes. JPMorgan was selected to advise Millennium with respect to the proposed transaction on
the basis of such experience and its familiarity with Millennium. 

For services rendered in connection with the proposed transaction, including with respect to the amendment of the outstanding credit facilities discussed below, Millennium agreed to pay JPMorgan a fee of $1.25 million
upon the public announcement of the proposed transaction and a fee of $7.125 million, plus an incentive fee of $250,000 for each $1.00 per share (pro rated for incremental amounts less than $1.00) over $18.00 per share received by Millenniums
stockholders (valued at the closing price per share of Lyondell common stock on the date the proposed transaction closes) upon completion of the proposed transaction. If Millennium receives any payment from another person following or in connection
with the termination, abandonment or failure to occur of the proposed transaction, Millennium will instead pay JPMorgan a fee in an amount equal to 25% of such payment to Millennium, less the $1.25 million fee paid to JPMorgan upon public
announcement of the proposed transaction; provided that such amount does not exceed the fee that would have been payable to JPMorgan if the proposed transaction had been completed. 

JPMorgan and its affiliates have, from time to time, provided financial advisory and financing services to Millennium,
Lyondell, Equistar and their affiliates unrelated to the proposed transaction, including acting as lead or joint bookrunner on a number of financings (as recently as in November 2003), for which they have received, since January 1, 2002, fees of
$5.7 million from Millennium and fees of $8.5 million from Lyondell and $4.3 million from Equistar. One of JPMorgans commercial bank affiliates is currently providing services to Millennium and Lyondell in connection with certain outstanding
credit facilities for which it and the other lenders on the credit facilities receive customary compensation. The compensation to be paid to JPMorgan for its services in arranging the amendment is included in the transaction fee disclosed in the
prior paragraph. JPMorgan or one of its affiliates may also provide other financial advisory and financing services to Millennium, Lyondell, Equistar and/or other affiliates in the future, including acting as agent bank in connection with amendments
or replacements of certain 



credit facilities. JPMorgan writes research on Millennium and Lyondell. In the ordinary course of their businesses, JPMorgan and its affiliates may actively
trade the debt or equity securities of Millennium, Equistar or Lyondell for their own accounts or for the accounts of customers and, accordingly, they may at any time hold long or short positions in such securities. 

Opinion of UBS Securities LLC, one of Millenniums Financial Advisors 

The board of directors of Millennium also retained UBS Securities LLC to render a fairness opinion in connection with the proposed transaction.

On March 28, 2004, at a meeting of Millenniums board of
directors held to evaluate the proposed transaction, UBS delivered to Millenniums board of directors an oral opinion, which opinion was confirmed by delivery of a written opinion dated the same date, to the effect that, as of that date and
based on and subject to various assumptions made, matters considered and limitations described in the opinion, the exchange ratio provided for in the proposed transaction was fair, from a financial point of view, to the holders of Millennium common
stock. 

The full text of UBS opinion describes the
assumptions made, procedures followed, matters considered and limitations on the review undertaken by UBS. The opinion is attached as 
Annex D
 and is incorporated into this proxy statement/prospectus by reference. 
UBS opinion is
directed only to the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the exchange ratio and does not address any other aspect of the proposed transaction or any related transaction. The opinion does not address the relative merits of the proposed
transaction as compared to other business strategies or transactions that might be available to Millennium or the underlying business decision of Millennium to effect the proposed transaction. The opinion does not constitute a recommendation to any
shareholder as to how to vote or act with respect to the proposed transaction or any other matter. You are encouraged to read the opinion carefully in its entirety.
 The summary of UBS opinion below is qualified in its entirety by reference
to the full text of UBS opinion. 

In arriving at its
opinion, UBS, among other things: 



reviewed certain publicly available business and historical financial information relating to Millennium and Lyondell; 



reviewed certain internal financial information and other data relating to the business and financial prospects of Millennium and Lyondell, including estimates and financial
forecasts prepared and provided to UBS by the respective managements of Millennium and Lyondell and not publicly available; 



reviewed certain internal financial information and other data relating to the business and financial prospects of Equistar, including estimates and financial forecasts prepared and
provided to UBS by the management of Lyondell and not publicly available; 



conducted discussions with members of the senior managements of Millennium and Lyondell concerning the respective businesses and financial prospects of Millennium, Lyondell and
Equistar; 



reviewed publicly available financial and stock market data with respect to companies in lines of business that UBS believed to be generally comparable to those of Millennium and
Lyondell; 



compared the financial terms of the proposed transaction with the publicly available financial terms of certain other transactions that UBS believed to be generally relevant;



considered certain pro forma effects of the proposed transaction on the combined financial statements of Lyondell; 



reviewed drafts of the merger agreement; and 



conducted other financial studies, analyses and investigations, and considered other information, as UBS deemed necessary or appropriate. 



In connection with its review, at the direction of Millennium, UBS did not assume any responsibility for
independent verification of any of the information that was provided to or reviewed by UBS for the purpose of its opinion and, with the consent of Millennium, UBS relied on that information being complete and accurate in all material respects. With
respect to the financial forecasts and estimates that it reviewed relating to Millennium, Lyondell and Equistar, UBS assumed, at the direction of Millennium, that they have been reasonably prepared on a basis reflecting the best currently available
estimates and judgments of the management of each company as to the future performance of their respective companies. In rendering its opinion, UBS assumed, with the consent of Millennium, that the proposed transaction will qualify as a tax-free
reorganization for U.S. federal income tax purposes. UBS also assumed that all governmental, regulatory or other consents and approvals necessary for the consummation of the proposed transaction will be obtained without any material adverse effect
on any of Millennium, Lyondell and the proposed transaction. In rendering its opinion, UBS also assumed, with the consent of Millennium, that the final executed merger agreement would not differ in any material respect from the draft merger
agreement, dated March 25, 2004, that UBS examined prior to rendering its opinion, and that each of Millennium and Lyondell would comply with all material terms of the merger agreement. Subsequent to rendering its opinion, UBS reviewed the final
executed merger agreement and confirmed that it did not differ materially from the draft merger agreement UBS reviewed in a manner that would have affected its opinion. 

In connection with its engagement, UBS was not authorized to, and it did not, solicit from any party indications of interest
in a possible business combination with Millennium. UBS opinion was necessarily based on economic, monetary, market and other conditions as in effect on, and information made available to UBS as of, the date of its opinion. UBS assumed no
responsibility to update or revise its opinion based upon circumstances or events occurring after the date of its opinion. At Millenniums direction, UBS was not asked to, and it did not, offer any opinion as to any terms of the merger
agreement or the form of the proposed transaction. In addition, at the direction of Millennium, UBS did not make any independent evaluation or appraisal of any of the assets or liabilities, contingent or otherwise, of Millennium or Lyondell, and was
not furnished with any such evaluation or appraisal. UBS expressed no opinion as to what the value of Lyondell common stock would be when issued in the proposed transaction or the prices at which Lyondell common stock would trade in the future.

Summary of Financial Analysis of Millenniums
Financial Advisor-UBS Securities LLC 

In connection
with rendering its opinion, UBS performed a variety of financial and comparative analyses, which are summarized below. The following summary is not a complete description of all analyses performed and factors considered by UBS in connection with its
opinion. The preparation of a financial opinion is a complex process involving subjective judgments and is not necessarily susceptible to partial analysis or summary description. With respect to the analysis of selected public companies and the
analysis of selected precedent transactions summarized below, no company or transaction used as a comparison is either identical or directly comparable to Millennium, Lyondell or the proposed transaction. These analyses necessarily involve complex
considerations and judgments concerning financial and operating characteristics and other factors that could affect the public trading or acquisition values of the companies concerned. 

UBS believes that its analyses and the summary below must be considered as a whole and that selecting portions of its
analyses and factors or focusing on information presented in tabular format, without considering all analyses and factors or the narrative description of the analyses, could create a misleading or incomplete view of the processes underlying
UBS analyses and opinion. None of the analyses performed by UBS were assigned greater significance or reliance by UBS than any other. UBS did not form an opinion as to whether any individual analysis or factor, whether positive or negative,
considered in isolation, supported or failed to support UBS opinion. UBS arrived at its ultimate opinion based on the results of all analyses undertaken by it and assessed as a whole. 

The consensus estimates of the future performance of Millennium, Lyondell and
Equistar derived from public sources in or underlying UBS analyses are not necessarily indicative of future results or values, which may be significantly more or less favorable than those estimates. In performing its analyses, UBS considered



industry performance, general business and economic conditions and other matters, many of which are beyond the control of Millennium, Lyondell and Equistar.
Estimates of the financial value of companies do not purport to be appraisals or reflect the prices at which companies actually may be sold. 

The decision to enter into the merger agreement and to agree to the exchange ratio negotiated between Millennium and Lyondell was solely that of
Millenniums board of directors. UBS opinion and financial analyses were among many factors considered by Millenniums board of directors in its evaluation of the proposed transaction. 

The following is a brief summary of the material financial analyses performed
by UBS and reviewed with Millenniums board of directors in connection with UBS opinion relating to the proposed transaction. The financial analyses summarized below include information presented in tabular format. In order to fully
understand UBS financial analyses, the tables must be read together with the text of each summary. The tables alone do not constitute a complete description of the financial analyses. 
Considering the data below without considering the full
narrative description of the financial analyses, including the methodologies and assumptions underlying the analyses, could create a misleading or incomplete view of UBS financial analyses.

Discounted Cash Flow Analysis 

UBS performed discounted cash flow analyses of each of Millennium, Lyondell,
Equistar and LCR for the purpose of determining the implied equity value for each share of Millennium common stock and Lyondell common stock that is outstanding calculated on a fully diluted basis based on the treasury method. With respect to the
discounted cash flow analysis of Equistar, UBS allocated the implied equity value of Equistar to Millennium and Lyondell based on the percentage ownership that Millennium and Lyondell each has in Equistar prior to calculating the implied equity
value for each share of Millennium common stock and Lyondell common stock. Similarly, with respect to the discounted cash flow analysis of LCR, UBS allocated the implied equity value of LCR to Lyondell based on the percentage ownership that Lyondell
has in LCR prior to calculating the implied equity value for each share of Lyondell common stock. Utilizing the implied equity value for each share of Millennium common stock and Lyondell common stock, UBS then calculated implied exchange ratio
reference ranges. 

Millennium.
 UBS calculated the
estimated unlevered, after-tax free cash flows that Millennium is expected to generate during calendar years 2004 through 2008 on a stand-alone basis (excluding Equistar), based on financial forecasts and estimates provided by Millenniums
management. UBS calculated an implied range of terminal values for Millennium by applying a range of perpetuity growth rates of 1.5% to 2.5% to Millenniums estimated normalized unlevered, after-tax free cash flow. UBS chose a range of
perpetuity growth rates for Millennium, as well as for Lyondell, Equistar and LCR, after considering each companys long term growth prospects on a stand-alone basis. The cash flows and terminal values were then discounted to present value
using a range of discount rates of 9.0% to 10.0%, which were based on the estimated weighted average cost of capital of Millennium as well as selected publicly traded companies. The present value of the cash flows and terminal values were then
adjusted for Millenniums cash and cash equivalents and total debt outstanding as of December 31, 2003 based on Millenniums public filings. 

Lyondell.
 UBS calculated the estimated unlevered, after-tax free cash flows that Lyondell is expected to generate during calendar years 2004
through 2008 on a stand-alone basis (excluding Equistar and LCR), based on financial forecasts and estimates provided by Lyondells management. UBS calculated an implied range of terminal values for Lyondell by applying a range of perpetuity
growth rates of 2.5% to 3.5% to Lyondells estimated normalized unlevered, after-tax free cash flow. The cash flows and terminal values were then discounted to present value using a range of discount rates of 9.0% to 10.0%, which were based on
the estimated weighted average cost of capital of Lyondell as well as selected publicly traded companies. The present value of the cash flows and terminal values were then adjusted for Lyondells cash and cash equivalents and total debt
outstanding as of December 31, 2003 based on Lyondells public filings. 



Equistar.
 UBS calculated the estimated unlevered, after-tax free cash flows that Equistar is
expected to generate during calendar years 2004 through 2008 on a stand-alone basis, based on financial forecasts and estimates provided by Lyondells management. UBS calculated an implied range of terminal values for Equistar by applying a
range of perpetuity growth rates of 2.5% to 3.5% to Equistars estimated normalized unlevered, after-tax free cash flow. The cash flows and terminal values were then discounted to present value using a range of discount rates of 9.0% to 10.0%,
which were based on the estimated weighted average cost of capital of Equistar as well as selected publicly traded companies. The present value of the cash flows and terminal values were then adjusted for Equistars cash and cash equivalents
and total debt outstanding as of December 31, 2003 based on Lyondells public filings. 

LCR.
 UBS calculated the estimated unlevered, after-tax free cash flows that LCR is expected to generate during calendar years 2004 through 2008 on a stand-alone basis, based on financial forecasts and estimates
provided by Lyondells management. UBS calculated an implied range of terminal values for LCR by applying a range of perpetuity growth rates of 1.5% to 2.5% to LCRs estimated normalized unlevered, after-tax free cash flow. The cash flows
and terminal values were then discounted to present value using a range of discount rates of 9.0% to 10.0%, which were based on the estimated weighted average cost of capital of LCR as well as selected publicly traded companies. The present value of
the cash flows and terminal values were then adjusted for LCRs cash and cash equivalents and total debt outstanding as of December 31, 2003 based on Lyondells public filings. 

This analysis indicated an implied exchange ratio reference range of 0.849x to 0.856x, as compared to the exchange ratio
range of 0.95x to 1.05x provided for in the proposed transaction. 

Historical Exchange Ratio Analysis 

UBS
reviewed the historical exchange ratio of Millenniums daily closing stock prices to Lyondells daily closing stock prices on March 26, 2004 and Millenniums average daily closing stock price to Lyondells average daily closing
stock price over the three-month, one-year, two-year and three-year periods preceding March 26, 2004. This analysis indicated the following implied exchange ratios, as compared to the exchange ratio range of 0.95x to 1.05x provided for in the
proposed transaction: 

Specified Period

Exchange Ratio

March 26, 2004

0.803x

3-Month Average

0.757x

1-Year Average

0.763x

2-Year Average

0.805x

3-Year Average

0.851x

Analysis of
Selected Public Companies 

UBS reviewed the trading
and operating statistics for the following publicly traded companies: 



The Dow Chemical Company 



Eastman Chemical Company 



Georgia Gulf Corporation 



Minerals Technologies Inc. 



NL Industries, Inc. 



Nova Chemicals Corporation 

UBS chose the selected companies because they were publicly traded companies in the commodity chemicals industry that, for purposes of the analysis, UBS
considered reasonably comparable to Millennium and 



Lyondell. Although Dow Chemical was noted as a selected company on the basis of the foregoing criteria, Dow Chemical is a significantly larger company than
the peer group and Dow Chemical possesses a wider and more diversified operation and product base than the peer group. Accordingly, UBS also performed an analysis that excluded Dow Chemical from the calculations of the mean and median multiples
under the comparable companies analysis. 

UBS calculated the
ratio of enterprise value (which consists of market value of the particular companys equity, plus the particular companys debt and minority interest, less cash and cash equivalents) to calendar years 2004, 2005 and 2006 estimated
earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, which is referred to as EBITDA, and 5-year historical average EBITDA and the ratio of common stock prices to calendar years 2004, 2005 and 2006 estimated earnings per share for the
selected companies. Estimated financial data for the selected companies were based on publicly available information and the price ratios described above for the selected companies were based on closing stock prices on March 26, 2004. UBS then
compared the ratios derived from the selected companies to corresponding financial data for Millennium based on a 1.05x exchange ratio and the closing price of Lyondell common stock on March 26, 2004 and a 0.95x exchange ratio and an assumed price
of $20.50 for each share of Lyondell common stock, utilizing financial forecasts and estimates for Millennium provided by Millenniums management and set forth in selected published Wall Street analyst research reports. Price ratios for
Millennium that were not meaningful due to negative estimated earnings per share have been reflected in the following table as nm. This analysis indicated the following mean and median enterprise value and price ratios for the selected
companies, as compared to the ratios for Millennium implied in the proposed transaction based on a 1.05x exchange ratio and the closing price of Lyondell common stock on March 26, 2004, as well as to the ratios for Millennium implied in the proposed
transaction based on a 0.95x exchange ratio and an assumed price of $20.50 for each share of Lyondell common stock: 

Enterprise Value / EBITDA

Price Per Share/EPS

2004E

2005E

2006E

5-Yr Avg

2004E

2005E

2006E

Overall Mean

7.5

6.0

5.9

9.1

20.8

11.9

9.5

Overall Median

7.2

6.3

5.9

8.3

19.5

11.8

9.6

Mean (excluding Dow Chemical)

7.1

5.7

5.9

8.2

20.9

11.7

9.5

Median (excluding Dow Chemical)

7.2

6.0

5.9

8.0

19.0

10.6

9.8

Millennium Based on an 1.05x Exchange Ratio and Closing Price of Lyondell Common Stock on March 26, 2004 (Wall Street
Estimates)

8.0

5.9

4.1

8.7

nm

6.9

5.2

Millennium Based on an 1.05x Exchange Ratio and Closing Price of Lyondell Common Stock on March 26, 2004 (Management
Estimates)

8.7

5.1

3.2

8.7

nm

7.4

2.8

Millennium Based on 0.95x Exchange Ratio and a $20.50 Per Share Price of Lyondell Common Stock (Wall Street Estimates)

8.5

6.3

4.4

9.3

nm

8.2

6.2

Millennium Based on 0.95x Exchange Ratio and a $20.50 Per Share Price of Lyondell Common Stock (Management Estimates)

9.3

5.5

3.5

9.3

nm

8.8

3.4

UBS noted that none of
the selected companies is either identical or directly comparable to Millennium or Lyondell and that any analysis of selected companies necessarily involves complex considerations and judgments concerning financial and operating characteristics and
other factors that could affect the public trading of the selected companies. 



Analysis of Selected Precedent Transactions 

UBS reviewed the purchase prices paid in the following twenty selected
transactions involving target companies in the commodity chemicals industry: 

Date

Acquiror

Target

December 2003

The Blackstone Group

Celanese AG

November 2003

Texas Pacific Group

KRATON Polymers LLC

January 2003

LG Chem, Ltd. and Honam Petrochemical Corp.

Hyundai Petrochemical Co.

December 2002*

TotalFinaElf

Samsung General Chemicals Co.

May 2002*

Reliance Petroinvestments Ltd.

Indian Petrochemicals Corporation Ltd.

January 2002

Saudi Basic Industries Corporation

DSM N.V.s Petrochemicals Business

January 2002*

Lyondell Chemical Company

Equistar Chemicals, LP

July 2001*

BP plc

E.ON AGs Veba Oil Division

November 2000

Sunoco, Inc.

Aristech Chemical Corporation

February 2000

Kerr-McGee Corporation

Kemira Oyjs Titanium Dioxide Business

November 1999

Bayer AG

Lyondell Chemical Companys Polyols Unit

November 1999

BASF AG

Targor GmbH

August 1999

Georgia Gulf Corporation

CONDEA Vista Corporations Vinyls Business

August 1999

The Dow Chemical Company

Union Carbide Corporation

April 1999

Huntsman Corporation

Imperial Chemical Industries PLCs Polyurethanes, Titanium Dioxide and Selected Petrochemicals Businesses

July 1998

Nova Chemicals Corporation

Huntsman Corporations Styrene-Related Businesses

June 1998

Lyondell Chemical Company

Arco Chemical Company

July 1997*

International Petroleum Investment Company and OMV Aktiengesellschaft

Borealis A/S

June 1997

Huntsman Corporation

Rexene Corporation

April 1996

Sterling Group, LP

Sterling Chemicals, Inc.

*Transactions that involved the
acquisition of less than 100% of the target. For these transactions the enterprise values described below were adjusted to reflect an acquisition of 100% of the target. 



UBS chose the selected transactions, because for purposes of the analysis, UBS considered the target
companies to be reasonably comparable to Millennium. Financial data for the selected transactions were based on company public filings, press releases and other information publicly available at the time of announcement of the relevant transaction.
UBS then calculated the ratio of enterprise value to latest twelve-months sales, latest twelve-months EBITDA and 5-year historical average EBITDA for each selected transaction and compared the results of these calculations with corresponding
calculations for Millennium implied in the proposed transaction based on a 1.05x exchange ratio and the closing price of Lyondell common stock on March 26, 2004 and on a 0.95x exchange ratio and an assumed price of $20.50 for each share of Lyondell
common stock. This analysis indicated the following multiples for the selected transactions and Millennium: 

Total Enterprise Value /
Latest 12 Months

Total Enterprise Value /
5 Yr. Avg EBITDA

Sales

EBITDA

Selected Transactions

Mean

1.11

8.3

7.5

Median

0.94

7.5

7.1

Millennium Based on a 1.05x Exchange Ratio and Closing Price of Lyondell Common Stock on March 26, 2004

1.77

13.6

8.7

Millennium Based on a 0.95x Exchange Ratio and $20.50 Per Share Price of Lyondell Common Stock

1.89

14.8

9.3

UBS noted that none of
the selected precedent transactions is either identical or directly comparable to the proposed transaction and that any analysis of selected precedent transactions necessarily involves complex considerations and judgments concerning financial and
operating characteristics and other factors that could affect the acquisition values of the companies concerned. 

Other Factors 

In the course of preparing its opinion, UBS also reviewed and considered other information and data including: 



historical and expected financial results of Millennium and Lyondell; 



published Wall Street research analysts reports for Millennium and Lyondell, including analysts estimates as to the future earnings potential of Millennium and Lyondell;
and 



the potential pro forma impact of the proposed transaction on Lyondells estimated earnings per share, without giving effect to any potential synergies, based on financial
forecasts and estimates for Millennium and Lyondell provided by each companys management. 

Miscellaneous 

Under the terms of its engagement, Millennium paid UBS a $750,000 fee for the delivery of its opinion to Millenniums board of directors.
Accordingly, none of the fee that was paid to UBS is conditioned upon the closing of the proposed transaction. In addition, Millennium has agreed to reimburse UBS for its reasonable expenses, including fees and disbursements of counsel, and to
indemnify UBS and related parties against liabilities, including liabilities under federal securities laws, relating to, or arising out of, its engagement. 

UBS and its predecessors and affiliates have in the past provided debt and/or equity financing services to Lyondell, Equistar and their affiliates
unrelated to the proposed transaction, for which they have received, since January 1, 2002, fees of approximately $2.8 million from Lyondell and approximately $0.5 million from 



Equistar. In addition, UBS and its affiliates are currently providing services to Equistar in connection with certain outstanding credit facilities, for
which they expect to receive customary compensation, which has not been quantified at this time. In the ordinary course of business, UBS and its predecessors and affiliates may trade in the securities of Millennium, Lyondell and Equistar, for their
own accounts and the accounts of their customers and, accordingly, may at any time hold a long or short position in those securities. 

Millennium selected UBS as a financial advisor in connection with the proposed transaction because UBS is an internationally recognized investment banking
firm with substantial experience in similar transactions and is familiar with Millennium and its business. UBS is continually engaged in the valuation of businesses and their securities in connection with mergers and acquisitions, leveraged buyouts,
negotiated underwritings, competitive bids, secondary distributions of listed and unlisted securities and private placements. 

Interests of Certain Persons in the Proposed Transaction 

Lyondell 

In
considering the recommendation of Lyondells board of directors to vote for the issuance of shares of Lyondell common stock to Millennium shareholders in connection with the proposed transaction, shareholders of Lyondell should be aware that
members of Lyondells board of directors and Lyondells officers may have interests in the proposed transaction that differ from, or are in addition to, those of Lyondells shareholders generally. Lyondells board of directors
was aware of these interests during its deliberations of the merits of the proposed transaction and in deciding to recommend that Lyondells shareholders vote for the issuance of shares of Lyondell common stock to Millennium shareholders in
connection with the proposed transaction. 

Lyondells
Officers and Directors to Remain Officers and Directors 

Lyondells current officers and directors will remain officers and directors of Lyondell after the closing of the proposed transaction. For a description of the compensation of Lyondells board of directors and officers, see the
sections of Lyondells Proxy Statement relating to its 2004 annual meeting of shareholders entitled Executive Compensation and Compensation of Directors, which are incorporated herein by reference. 

Change in Control Arrangements 

Many of Lyondells executive benefit and incentive plans contain
provisions that define certain events as a change in control. Under these provisions, Lyondell believes that the approval by the Lyondell shareholders of the issuance of shares of Lyondell common stock to Millennium shareholders in the proposed
transaction will constitute a change in control event. The occurrence of a change in control event results in the triggering, accelerating or vesting of certain rights under these plans. In March 2004, Lyondells board of directors and
compensation committee amended the change in control definition in these plans (other than those plans that require both a change in control and a termination of employment to trigger a change in control benefit) to expressly provide that approval
by the Lyondell shareholders of the issuance of shares of Lyondell common stock to Millennium shareholders in the proposed transaction will not constitute a change in control under those plans. However, award agreements for previously granted awards
under the executive incentive plans may not be amended without the consent of the participant. As a result, Lyondell believes that the approval by the Lyondell shareholders of the issuance of shares of Lyondell common stock to Millennium
shareholders in the proposed transaction will constitute a change in control under these agreements, as described below. 

Officers and Senior Managers
.
 All outstanding stock options, phantom stock options, restricted stock, phantom restricted stock and
performance shares granted to Lyondells officers and senior managers pursuant to Lyondells 1995 restricted stock plan and Lyondells 1999 incentive plan (collectively, the Incentive Plans) contain such a change in
control provision. A change in control results in immediate vesting of the stock options, 



phantom stock options, restricted stock and phantom restricted stock and immediate payment of the target payment amount specified in the performance share
awards. Lyondells officers each have agreed to waive certain of their rights to change in control benefits under the Incentive Plans for these awards as described below in exchange for Lyondells agreement to pay out the outstanding
performance share awards at no less than the target payment amount stated in the awards at the end of the respective three-year performance cycle covered by the awards. All outstanding unvested Lyondell stock options and phantom stock options
granted under the Incentive Plans will vest upon shareholder approval of the issuance of shares to Millennium shareholders in the proposed transaction, as provided in the change in control provisions, but all other change in control benefits (other
than as described below regarding Lyondells Executive Severance Pay Plan) have been waived with respect to the proposed transaction by Lyondells officers. Lyondell also has obtained waivers from all but five senior managers. Accelerated
vesting of these options does not otherwise change the exercisability or other terms of the options, which have ten year terms from the date of grant. Absent the change in control, the stock options and phantom stock options would vest annually in
one-third increments, beginning on the first anniversary date of the awards. The following table sets forth, as of May 31, 2004, information regarding the number of Lyondell stock options and phantom stock options that will vest as a result of the
proposed transaction and the range of exercise prices of the options: 

Number of
Stock Options

Number of
Phantom
Stock Options

Range of

Exercise Prices

T. Kevin DeNicola

153,520

  

$

12.87  $17.55

Kerry A. Galvin

123,613

  

$

12.87  $17.55

Morris Gelb

306,206

  

$

12.87  $17.55

John A. Hollinshead

81,596

  

$

12.87  $17.55

Dan F. Smith

661,570

  

$

12.87  $17.55

Other Officers

634,096

  

$

12.87  $17.55

Senior Managers*

1,080,382

470,587

$

12.87  $17.55

Total

3,040,983

470,587

$

12.87  $17.55

*

Amounts shown for Senior Managers include 55,455 stock options and 2,361 phantom stock options held by middle manager employees. 

The following table sets forth information regarding the minimum target
payment amount Lyondell agreed to pay pursuant to the outstanding performance share awards granted in 2002, 2003 and 2004 as consideration for the waiver described above. By their terms, these awards are payable at the end of the relevant three-year
performance cycle in an amount based on Lyondells performance for the cycle, as measured against an objective formula. Absent the waiver, the awards do not have a minimum payment amount. With or without the waiver, the awards are payable at up
to two times the target amount, depending on Lyondells performance. Pursuant to the 1999 incentive plan and performance share award agreements, Lyondells compensation committee has the discretion to pay the awards in cash,
Lyondells common stock or a combination thereof. 

Aggregate Target Payment
Amount under Performance
Share Awards Granted in
2002, 2003 and

(Number of Shares)

T. Kevin DeNicola

128,256

Kerry A. Galvin

104,119

Morris Gelb

255,155

John A. Hollinshead

68,691

Dan F. Smith

557,788

Other Officers

534,676

Senior Managers*

1,472,915

Total

3,121,600

*

Amounts shown for Senior Managers include 58,275 target performance shares held by middle manager employees and 27,080 target performance shares held by terminated employees.



Lyondells Executive Severance Pay Plan (the Severance Plan) applies to all officers
of Lyondell and certain other key members of management of Lyondell or its subsidiaries that are designated by Lyondells Chief Executive Officer. The Severance Plan contains change in control provisions as described above. However, an employee
covered by the Severance Plan is not entitled to benefits under the Severance Plan unless his or her employment is terminated by the employer without cause or is terminated by the employee for good reason (which includes certain
constructive terminations) within two years following a change in control. If a termination were to trigger benefits under the Severance Plan, the employee would be entitled to receive from Lyondell a payment under the Severance Plan
equal to one times to three times annual earnings, depending on the employees position with his or her employer. The chief executive officer and each executive vice president would receive from Lyondell a payment equal to three times his
annual earnings. Each senior vice president and vice president would receive from Lyondell a payment equal to two times his or her annual earnings. Other employees covered by the Severance Plan would receive from Lyondell a payment equal to his or
her annual earnings. For this purpose, annual earnings generally are the sum of the employees base pay plus target annual bonus. Covered employees also would receive, at Lyondells expense: (1) eligibility to commence vested early
retirement benefits under Lyondells or a subsidiarys retirement plans, actuarially reduced for early commencement, and retiree medical coverage; (2) continuation of welfare benefit coverages for a period of two years following
termination; and (3) outplacement services for a period of one year, at a cost not to exceed $40,000. In addition, covered employees would receive a gross-up payment from Lyondell for the amount of the excise tax liability, if any, imposed pursuant
to Internal Revenue Code Section 4999 with respect to any benefits paid in connection with the change in control. In order to receive benefits under the Severance Plan, a covered employee must sign a general release of claims against Lyondell and
its affiliates. 

Board of Directors
.
 During
2002, Lyondells non-employee directors were granted stock options pursuant to Lyondells Stock Option Plan for Non-Employee Directors (the Stock Option Plan), which options contain change in control provisions as described
above. The Stock Option Plan was terminated as of January 1, 2003. However, stock options granted in 2002 to all non-employee directors other than Messrs. Chazen, Huff and Irani (who were not members of Lyondells board at the time), and
covering 1,667 shares in the case of each such director, remain outstanding and, as described above, will vest immediately upon shareholder approval of the issuance of shares in the proposed transaction. Accelerated vesting of these options does not
change the other terms of the options, which have an exercise price of $13.80 per share and will expire, if not exercised, in 2012. Absent the change in control event, the options would vest in February 2005. 

Millennium 

In considering the recommendation of Millenniums board of directors
with respect to the proposed transaction, Millennium shareholders should be aware that all of Millenniums directors and executive officers have interests in the proposed transaction that are different from, or in addition to, the interests of
Millennium shareholders generally. Millenniums board of directors is aware of these interests and considered them in approving the agreement and plan of merger and the proposed transactions contemplated thereby. 

Change in Control Agreements 

In September 2002, Millennium entered into change in control
agreements with the following current executive officers: Mr. Robert E. Lee, Mr. John E. Lushefski, Mr. Timothy A. Dowdle, Mr. C. William Carmean, Ms. Marie S. Dreher and Ms. Myra Perkinson (the Executive Change in Control Agreements).
The Executive Change in Control Agreements provide the executive officers certain benefits as described below if (1) a change in control (as defined in the Executive Change in Control Agreements) occurs and an executive officers employment is
terminated by Millennium or its subsidiaries without cause (as defined in the Executive Change in Control Agreement) within six months prior to or within two years after such change in control, (2) the executive officer terminates his or her
employment for good reason (as defined in the Executive Change in Control Agreements and summarized below) within six months prior to or two years after such change in control, or (3) the executive officer terminates his or her employment for any
reason within two years after such change in 



control (although, if Millennium or Lyondell provides the executive officer with a letter of credit for the full amount of the cash lump sum payment
described below, the executive officers right to terminate for any reason and still trigger his or her benefits will be inapplicable during the first six months following the change in control). In September 2002, Millennium also entered into
an Executive Change in Control Agreement with Mr. Michael B. Wimberly, Millenniums Vice President, Specialty Business. Though not an executive officer, under Mr. Wimberlys agreement, he is entitled to the same change in control benefits
as the executive officers under the Executive Change in Control Agreements. 

In addition to the Executive Change in Control Agreements, in September of 2002, Millennium entered into change in control agreements (the Officer Change in Control Agreements, and together with the
Executive Change in Control Agreements, the Change in Control Agreements) with 10 of its current officers and key management employees that provide severance protection upon a change in control substantially similar to that provided by
the Executive Change in Control Agreements, except that (1) amounts payable and benefits provided will be determined by a multiple of two rather than three, (2) the definition of good reason in certain instances affords Millennium broader rights,
and (3) the rights of the officer or key manager will be less in certain instances. These Officer Change in Control Agreements are double-trigger agreements, and thus only provide benefits to an officer or key manager upon a change in
control and the occurrence of an additional triggering event, such as the termination of the officer or key manager by Millennium without cause (as defined) or the termination by the officer or key manager for good reason (as defined). 

For purposes of the Change in Control Agreements, good
reason is defined generally to include certain material adverse changes in the duties and responsibilities of the executive officer, officer or key manager, reductions in base salary, certain reductions in incentive compensation or bonus
targets, an increase in the difficulty of achieving certain bonus targets, or certain relocations of Millenniums headquarter offices or the relocation of the executive officer, officer or key manager away from such headquarter offices.

The consummation of the proposed transaction will constitute a
change in control for purposes of the Change in Control Agreements. 

The Change in Control Agreements provide that in the event any payment or distribution to or for the benefit of the executive officer, officer or key manager under the Change in Control Agreements or otherwise is deemed to constitute an
excess parachute payment within the meaning of Section 280G of the Internal Revenue Code, and such payment causes the executive officer, officer or key manager to incur excise taxes under Section 4999 of the Internal Revenue Code, then
the executive officer, officer or key manager will be paid an additional gross-up payment such that the executive officer, officer or key manager shall be fully reimbursed for the amount of such excise tax. Millennium will not pay or reimburse the
executive officer, officer or key manager for any income tax paid by such executive officer, officer or key manager assessed upon receipt of his or her benefits under the Change in Control Agreements, except for income tax levied in respect of any
gross-up payment. Millenniums current preliminary estimate of the aggregate gross-up payments payable under the Change in Control Agreements, assuming that payments under all of the Change in Control Agreements with current executive officers
and key managers are made, is approximately $17.5 million, subject to further refinement and finalization. 

In estimating the amounts payable to or made on behalf of current executive officers, officers and key managers, it is assumed that the proposed
transaction will be completed on July 31, 2004 and the executive officer, officer or key manager will be terminated on that day. The amounts shown below exclude all gross-up payments for excise taxes that may be payable under Section 4999 of the
Internal Revenue Code. 



For each of Millenniums current executive officers and Mr. Wimberly, the benefits and estimated
aggregate payments for these benefits pursuant to each of their respective Executive Change in Control Agreements are as follows: 



a cash lump sum severance payment equal to (1) three times the executive officers highest annualized base salary in effect within 180 days prior to the change in control, (2)
three times the executive officers highest annual bonus paid or payable with respect to any of the last three completed fiscal years, and (3) an amount equal to the maximum amount which would have been contributed by Millennium to the
executive officers accounts under Millenniums qualified and nonqualified 401(k) plans based on the salary and bonus payable under (1) and (2) above, estimated at: 

Robert E. Lee

$

2,635,460

John E. Lushefski

1,898,243

Timothy A. Dowdle

1,360,434

C. William Carmean

1,290,837

Marie S. Dreher

1,166,189

Myra Perkinson

913,577

Michael B. Wimberly

1,069,164



benefits under the Millennium Chemicals Inc. 2003 Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan, together with any defined benefit type qualified pension plan applicable to the executive
officer, after adding three years of additional age, service and compensation credit, using the executive officers highest annualized base salary in effect within 180 days prior to the change in control and his or her highest annual bonus paid
or payable with respect to the last three fiscal years, based on Citigroups current prime interest rate at June 15, 2004, estimated at: 

Robert E. Lee

$

5,117,088

John E. Lushefski

2,920,275

Timothy A. Dowdle

2,426,750

C. William Carmean

1,665,314

Marie S. Dreher

702,154

Myra Perkinson

1,592,409

Michael B. Wimberly

1,483,131

Absent the Executive Change in Control Agreements, if the executive officers were terminated on the date of the change in control they would forfeit many of their accrued benefits under these plans due to age and service vesting
requirements and would only be entitled to receive payments under these plans estimated at: 

Robert E. Lee

$

2,478,280

John E. Lushefski

1,106,391

Timothy A. Dowdle

956,470

C. William Carmean

332,828

Marie S. Dreher

219,499

Myra Perkinson

595,812

Michael B. Wimberly

436,907



continued health coverage for the executive officer and their dependants for three years following termination of employment, with the value of the benefit to be determined based on
the use of the health coverage by the individual executive officer and his or her dependants over the three year period; and 



financial planning and tax preparation services (or cash in lieu of those services) for three years following termination similar to the services offered to the executive officer
prior to the change in control, at a cost of no more than $6,500 per year for each executive officer. 

The estimated maximum aggregate cash severance and pension benefit payments to be received by Millenniums current executive officers under their
Executive Change in Control Agreements is approximately $23.7 million. 



For Millenniums current officers and key managers, the benefits and estimated aggregate
payments pursuant to the Officer Change in Control Agreements range from payouts of: (y) for the cash lump sum payments as described in the first bullet above (as modified to provide for two times multipliers not three times multipliers), $539,011
minimum and $720,319 maximum and (z) under the 2003 Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan as described in the second bullet above (as modified to provide for two times multipliers not three times multipliers), $158,471 minimum and $2,064,823
maximum. Absent the Officer Change in Control Agreements, officers and key managers would only be entitled to receive payments, assuming termination on the date of the change in control, under Millenniums qualified and non-qualified defined
benefit plans estimated from a $73,515 minimum to a $832,698 maximum, due to age and service vesting requirements. Officers and key managers who terminate for any reason after two years following the change in control or who voluntarily terminate
without good reason during the two years following the change in control will not be entitled to receive any payout under the 2003 Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan. 

The estimated maximum aggregate cash severance and pension benefit payments to be received by Millenniums current
officers and key employees under their Officer Change in Control Agreements and Mr. Wimberly under his Executive Change in Control Agreement is approximately $20.1 million. 

Awards under the Omnibus Plan and LTSIP 

Millennium granted its 2004 annual bonus plan (the Annual Plan) awards and its ELTIP awards for the
three-year performance periods 2002 to 2004, 2003 to 2005 and 2004 to 2006 under Millenniums 2001 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan (the Omnibus Plan). In addition, Millennium granted options and restricted stock under the
Omnibus Plan and the Long Term Stock Incentive Plan (the LTSIP). Under the terms of the Omnibus Plan and the LTSIP and the award agreements under such plans, all awards granted under these plans vest automatically upon a change in
control (as defined). The consummation of the proposed transaction will constitute a change in control for purposes of these plans. 

Options granted under these plans that vest as a result of the proposed transaction will become exercisable for Lyondell common stock pursuant to the
terms of the original option agreements. The current exercise price for these options ranges from $11.68 to $15.9375 per option held by current officers and executive officers. Restricted stock that vests as a result of the proposed transaction will
be converted automatically into Lyondell common stock. The 2004 annual bonus awards and ELTIP awards become payable within 30 days, or as soon as practicable thereafter, of the consummation of the proposed transaction at the target bonus amount
specified in the original award agreement or at a greater level if achieved. The following is an estimate of the cash and stock value of the Annual Plan awards and ELTIP awards payable to the current executive officers and Mr. Wimberly, as well as
the number of shares of restricted stock and options that will vest, upon the consummation of the proposed transaction: 

Annual
Plan
Awards($)

ELTIP Awards

Restricted Stock

and Options

that will Vest under
the Omnibus Plan
and/or LTSIP

Accumulated
Dividends
accrued on
shares
earned
under the
Omnibus
Plan and/or
LTSIP($)

($)

Estimated
Shares

Restricted
Stock

Options

Robert E. Lee

520,000

718,905

31,978

22,830

48,667

34,788

John E. Lushefski

260,700

398,400

19,033

4,450

35,333

22,312

Timothy A. Dowdle

183,960

288,132

14,119

7,788

25,333

7,036

C. William Carmean

179,550

273,360

13,165

6,357

23,333

5,961

Marie S. Dreher

161,874

244,158

11,770

6,890

23,333

7,066

Myra Perkinson

153,000

170,400

6,400

6,000

13,333

Michael B. Wimberly

130,105

163,165

5,896

4,719

16,667

6,862

The estimated
aggregate cash payments under these annual and long term incentive plans to be received by Millenniums current executive officers is approximately $3.6 million. In addition, an estimated 96,466 ELTIP 



Shares, 54,315 Millennium restricted shares and 169,332 Millennium stock options held by Millenniums executive officers will vest, and an estimated
$77,163 will be paid to Millenniums current executive officers in accumulated dividends. 

Additionally, upon a change in control, Millenniums current officers and key managers who have Officer Change in Control Agreements will also
receive payouts under the Annual Plan and the ELTIPs or long term incentive plans, in the aggregate, that range from an estimated minimum of $125,063 and 4,731 shares, 2,300 shares of restricted stock and 4,334 options to an estimated maximum of
$251,178 and 6,906 shares, 6,000 shares of restricted stock and 20,333 options. 

The aggregate cash payments under these annual and long term incentive plans to be received by Millenniums current officers and key employees (including Mr. Wimberly) is an estimated $2.4 million. In addition,
an estimated 61,729 ELTIP Shares, 46,718 Millennium restricted shares and 135,337 Millennium stock options held by Millenniums current officers and key employees (including Mr. Wimberly) will vest and an estimated $33,301 will be paid to
Millenniums current officers and key employees (including Mr. Wimberly) in accumulated dividends. 

Additional Payments
. Under Millenniums Supplemental Savings and Investment Plan and Salary and Bonus Deferral Plan, any amounts
contributed by an executive officer, officer or key manager to these plans, together with Millenniums matching contributions under these plans, if any, will be paid promptly upon a change in control. 

Directors Interests
. Each non-employee Director of
Millennium has been granted 6,000 shares of restricted stock under Millenniums Omnibus Plan. Upon the closing of the proposed transaction, all 42,000 of these restricted shares will immediately vest and automatically be converted into Lyondell
common stock. Absent the change of control event, these restricted shares would vest annually in one-third increments, beginning on January 3, 2005. 

Payments to Former Officers
. Under the terms of the ELTIP, William M. Landuyt, Millenniums former chief executive officer and chairman, is
entitled to receive an estimated cash payment of $868,470 and an estimated 25,300 ELTIP Shares in connection with the proposed transaction. In addition, certain of Millenniums other former officers are entitled to cash payments and ELTIP
Shares in connection with the proposed transaction, and one of Millenniums former officers may be entitled, under certain circumstances, to a payment pursuant to his Officer Change in Control Agreement in connection with the proposed
transaction. 

Indemnification 

The agreement and plan of merger sets forth Lyondells agreement to
indemnify each person who has been a director or officer of Millennium or its subsidiaries, see Summary of Agreement and Plan of MergerIndemnification and Insurance beginning on page 116. Additionally, under the Change in Control
Agreements, Millennium will indemnify the covered executive officers, officers and key managers with respect to any action taken in such persons official capacity. Further, under the Executive Change in Control Agreements, for six years
following a termination of or by the executive officer, Millennium has agreed to maintain or cause to be maintained director and officer liability insurance in the same aggregate amount and under the same terms as are maintained for its active
officers and directors. 

Legal Fees
. Under
the Executive Change in Control Agreements, Millennium has agreed to pay reasonable legal, accounting and other professional fees incurred by the executive officer in connection with any dispute arising with respect to payment or benefits under the
Executive Change in Control Agreement or any other plan or agreement with Millennium if the dispute arises out of any event which occurred on or after a change in control or within the 180 days prior to a change in control. 

Continuing Directors 

The agreement and plan of merger provides that two independent members of
Millenniums current board of directors will be appointed to Lyondells board of directors to serve after completion of the proposed transaction. 



The members of Millenniums board of directors to be appointed will be determined by Lyondells board of directors after consultation with
Millenniums board of directors. 

Exchange of Millennium Common Stock Certificates for Lyondell Common Stock Certificates 

Conversion of Millennium Common Stock 

If the proposed transaction becomes effective, each outstanding share of Millennium common stock will be converted into the right to receive the number of
shares of Lyondell common stock that is equal to the exchange ratio. 

After the effective time of the proposed transaction, each certificate formerly representing an outstanding share of Millennium common stock will represent the right to receive, without interest, a certificate for the number of shares of
Lyondell common stock which is equal to the exchange ratio, plus cash for fractional shares, if any. 

No dividends or distributions declared or made after the proposed transaction becomes effective with a record date after such time will be paid to a
holder of certificates formerly representing shares of Millennium common stock until certificates reflecting such common stock have been surrendered in accordance with the agreement and plan of merger. Subject to applicable laws, upon surrender, the
record holder of each surrendered certificate will be paid, without interest, the amount of dividends or other distributions with a record date after the time when the proposed transaction becomes effective. If the payment date for any dividend or
distribution payable has not occurred prior to surrender, payment will occur at the designated payment date. 

After the effective time of the proposed transaction, upon presentation of certificates for Millennium common stock, those certificates will be cancelled
and exchanged as set forth in the agreement and plan of merger. The proposed transaction will not affect shares of Lyondell common stock that are issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the proposed transaction. The
membership interests of Millennium Subsidiary will be cancelled at the effective time of the proposed transaction. 

Surrender and Payment 

Prior to the effective time of the proposed transaction, Lyondell will deposit with American Stock Transfer & Trust, the exchange agent for the
proposed transaction, certificates representing the Lyondell common stock to be issued in the proposed transaction. Promptly after the effective time of the proposed transaction, the exchange agent will send to each holder of record of Millennium
common stock a letter of transmittal and instructions for use in effecting the exchange of their Millennium stock certificates for certificates representing Lyondell common stock. The exchange agent will exchange the certificates for Lyondell common
stock, as appropriate, for certificates for Millennium common stock pursuant to the terms of the agreement and plan of merger. 

Before any person, entity or organization that is not the record holder of surrendered Millennium common stock receives certificates for any shares of
Lyondell common stock as discussed above, (1) the surrendered stock certificates must be properly endorsed or otherwise in proper form for transfer and (2) the person, entity or organization owning the Millennium common stock must pay the exchange
agent any transfer or other taxes required as a result of the issuance of Lyondell common stock unless he, she or it establishes to the exchange agents satisfaction that the tax has been paid or is not applicable. 

Any shares of Lyondell common stock that remain unclaimed six months after
the effective time of the proposed transaction will be returned to Lyondell. Any holder of Millennium common stock who has not exchanged his, her or its Millennium stock certificates prior to that time may thereafter look only to Lyondell to
exchange their stock certificates. None of Millennium, the exchange agent, Lyondell nor Millennium Subsidiary will be liable to any holder of Millennium common stock certificates for any amount paid, or shares of Lyondell common stock delivered, to
a public official pursuant to applicable abandoned property, escheat or similar laws. 



No Appraisal Rights 

Appraisal
rights are statutory rights that enable shareholders to dissent from a merger and to demand that the corporation pay the fair value for their shares as determined by a court in a judicial proceeding instead of receiving the consideration offered to
shareholders in connection with the merger. Appraisal rights are not available in all mergers. The laws of the State of Delaware, which is the state of incorporation of Millennium as well as Lyondell, govern whether or not appraisal rights are
available in a given merger. Under Delaware law, the holders of Millennium common stock are not entitled to appraisal rights if the merger in the proposed transaction is completed. Under Delaware law, the holders of Lyondell common stock are not
entitled to appraisal rights because Lyondell is not a constituent corporation to the merger in the proposed transaction. 

Regulatory Approvals 

The
proposed transaction is subject to filing by Lyondell and Millennium of a notification and report to the Federal Trade Commission and the U.S. Department of Justice, Antitrust Division, under the HSR Act, which was filed on April 29, 2004. Pursuant
to HSR Act rules and regulations, the proposed transaction cannot close until termination or expiration of a waiting period, which waiting period terminated on May 25, 2004 without any conditions or restrictions. The European Union Commission
approved the proposed transaction in June 2004. The proposed transaction is also subject to filings with and/or approvals from other non-U.S. jurisdictions. 

Lyondell and Millennium are working to submit all non-U.S. regulatory filings and obtain the required regulatory
approvals before their respective shareholder meetings. Lyondell and Millennium have agreed to use their commercially reasonable efforts to cooperate with one another in determining which regulatory filings are required to be made prior to the
effective time of the proposed transaction and which consents, approvals, permits or authorizations are required to be obtained prior to the effective time of the proposed transaction. Lyondell and Millennium have also agreed to use their
commercially reasonable efforts to make all such filings and timely seek all such consents, approvals, permits or authorizations to the extent making such filings and seeking such consents, permits or authorizations is not reasonably likely to have
a Millennium material adverse effect or a Lyondell material adverse effect, in each case as defined below under Summary of the Agreement and Plan of MergerRepresentations and Warranties beginning on page 117. Lyondell and
Millennium can give no assurance as to when or whether the required filings and approvals and consents will be submitted and obtained or the terms and conditions that the consents and approvals may impose. 

Bank Facility Amendments 

Lyondell and Millennium have agreed to use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain any and all amendments and/or waivers under their respective bank credit agreements and the Lyondell receivables sales facility (or, in each case,
replacements thereof) as may be necessary to permit consummation of the proposed transaction without breach or violation of any such agreement or of any other debt agreement to which either of them or any subsidiary of either of them is or will be a
party. Obtaining necessary amendments and/or waivers under these facilities (or, in each case, replacements thereof) is a condition to closing the proposed transaction. 

Millennium Standby Facility 

The
indenture governing $475 million principal amount of Millenniums 9.25% senior notes due 2008 contains a provision that obligates Millennium to make an offer to the noteholders to purchase their notes at 101% of the principal amount of such
notes upon a change in control of Millennium. Completion of the proposed transaction will trigger this obligation. With the assistance of Lyondell, Millennium intends to arrange a standby facility for $475 million that could be drawn to fund the
purchase of any tendered notes. As of                     , 2004, the notes were trading at
            % of their principal amount. Although Millennium believes, based on current trading prices of the notes, that it is unlikely that a substantial amount of these notes would be
tendered in 



response to the offer, without the standby facility or alternative financing arrangements, Millennium will not have sufficient funds to purchase the notes if
a substantial amount are tendered. See Risk FactorsRisks Relating to Debt of the Combined Company Following the Proposed Transaction
Without a standby credit facility or alternative financing, Millennium may not have sufficient
funds to repurchase any of its 9.25% notes tendered pursuant to a change in control provision in the indenture governing those notes that will be triggered by the proposed transaction
 beginning on page 31. 

Stock Exchange Listings 

Lyondell common stock trades on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol LYO. Lyondell will use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the shares of Lyondell common stock to be issued in the proposed transaction to be
approved for listing on the New York Stock Exchange, subject to official notice of issuance, before the completion of the proposed transaction. There is no established public trading market for Lyondell Series B common stock, and all of the shares
of Lyondell Series B common stock outstanding on the date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus are held by Occidental Chemical Holding Corporation, a subsidiary of Occidental Petroleum Corporation. 

Millennium common stock trades on the New York Stock Exchange under the
symbol MCH. Upon completion of the proposed transaction, Millennium common stock will be delisted from the New York Stock Exchange and deregistered under the Exchange Act. 

Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Proposed Transaction 

Opinions of Counsel 

In the opinion of Weil, Gotshal & Manges LLP, counsel to Millennium, and of Baker Botts L.L.P., counsel to Lyondell, the following discussion, insofar
as it relates to questions of law, accurately summarizes the material U.S. tax consequences of the proposed transaction to Millennium shareholders and, as to non-U.S. holders, of the ownership and disposition of shares of Lyondell common stock
received in the proposed transaction. It is anticipated that Weil, Gotshal & Manges LLP and Baker Botts L.L.P. will deliver separate opinions to Millennium and to Lyondell, respectively, at closing that the proposed transaction will qualify as a
tax-free reorganization under section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code. It is assumed in this discussion that these opinions will be delivered. If one or both of these opinions are not delivered, the relevant shareholders will be so advised by
supplemental or revised solicitation materials that solicit another vote by those shareholders or the proposed transaction will not be completed. 

The opinions of counsel referred to above are and will be based upon existing U.S. tax law, including legislation, regulations, administrative rulings and
court decisions, as in effect on the dates the opinions are issued, all of which are subject to change, possibly with retroactive effect. In providing their opinions at the closing of the proposed transaction, counsel will rely upon the accuracy of
certain representations made to them by Millennium and Lyondell in officers certificates. In addition, counsel have relied and will rely upon the accuracy of other information provided to them by Millennium and Lyondell, including the
information in this joint proxy statement/prospectus and in other documents filed by Millennium and Lyondell with the SEC. Any change in present law, or the failure of factual assumptions or representations to be true, correct and complete in all
respects, could affect the continuing validity of counsels opinions. No ruling will be requested from the Internal Revenue Service on any aspect of the proposed transaction. The opinions of counsel are not binding upon the Internal Revenue
Service or a court and will not preclude the Internal Revenue Service or a court from adopting a contrary position. 

Scope of Discussion 

For purposes of this discussion: 



a U.S. holder is a beneficial owner of Millennium common stock, or of Lyondell common stock that is received in exchange for Millennium common stock,
that is (1) an individual citizen or resident of the U.S., (2) a corporation or any other entity taxable as a corporation created or organized in or under the laws of the U.S. or of a state of the U.S. or the District of Columbia, (3) a trust (i) in
respect of which a U.S. court is able to exercise primary supervision over the administration of the trust and one or more 



U.S. persons have the authority to control all substantive decisions of the trust or (ii) that was in existence on August 20, 1996 and validly elected to
continue to be treated as a domestic trust, or (4) an estate that is subject to U.S. tax on its worldwide income from all sources; 



a non-U.S. holder is any holder of common stock of Millennium, or of common stock of Lyondell that is received in exchange for Millennium common stock, other than a U.S.
holder; and 



the term U.S. tax means U.S. federal income tax under the Internal Revenue Code. 

The discussion assumes that U.S. holders hold their Millennium common stock and the Lyondell common stock which they will
receive in the proposed transaction as capital assets. Other tax consequences may apply to U.S. holders who are subject to special treatment under U.S. tax law, such as: 



tax exempt organizations; 



financial institutions, insurance companies and broker-dealers; 



holders who hold their Millennium common stock as part of a hedge, straddle, wash sale, synthetic security, conversion transaction or other integrated investment comprised of
Millennium common stock and one or more other investments; 



mutual funds; 



holders that have a functional currency other than the U.S. dollar; 



traders in securities who elect to apply a mark-to-market method of accounting; 



holders who acquired their shares in compensatory transactions; or 



non-U.S. holders who are or have previously been engaged in the conduct of a trade or business in the U.S. 

In the case of a shareholder that is a partnership, determinations as to tax
consequences will generally be made at the partner level, but other special considerations not described may apply. The discussion is generally limited to U.S. federal income tax considerations and does not address other U.S. federal tax
considerations or state, local or foreign tax considerations. This summary is not a substitute for an individual analysis of the tax consequences of the proposed transaction to a Millennium shareholder. Each Millennium shareholder is urged to
consult a tax adviser as to the U.S. federal income tax consequences of the proposed transaction, including any consequences arising from the particular facts and circumstances of the Millennium shareholder, and as to any estate, gift, state, local
or foreign tax consequences of the proposed transaction. 

Certain U.S. Tax Consequences of the Proposed Transaction to U.S. Holders 

In the proposed transaction: 



U.S. holders will recognize no gain or loss on the exchange of Millennium common stock for Lyondell common stock; 



the basis of the Lyondell common stock received by each U.S. holder will be the same as the basis of the Millennium common stock surrendered in exchange for the Lyondell common
stock; and 



the holding period of such Lyondell common stock will include the U.S. holders holding period in the Millennium common stock. 

A U.S. holder will recognize capital gain or loss on a cash payment for a
fractional share of Lyondell in an amount equal to the difference between the amount of cash received and the portion of the holders basis in the Millennium common stock surrendered that is allocable to the fractional share. The capital gain
or loss will constitute long-term capital gain or loss if the U.S. holders holding period is greater than one year as of the date of the closing of the proposed transaction. For U.S. holders who are individuals, any such long-term capital gain



generally will be taxed at a maximum U.S. federal income tax rate of 15%. The deductibility of capital losses is subject to limitations. 

U.S. Information Reporting and Backup Withholding

Payments of cash in lieu of fractional shares of
Lyondell common stock may be subject to information reporting and backup withholding at a 28% rate unless the holder (1) is a corporation or other exempt recipient or (2) provides a taxpayer identification number. Backup withholding is not an
additional tax. Amounts withheld under the backup withholding rules may be credited against a U.S. holders U.S. tax liability, and a holder may obtain a refund of any excess amounts withheld under the backup withholding rules by filing the
appropriate claim for refund with the Internal Revenue Service. 

Non-U.S. Holders 

A non-U.S. holder of
Millennium common stock will not in any case be subject to U.S. federal income or withholding tax on gain with respect to the proposed transaction and will not be subject to U.S. federal income or withholding tax on any gain recognized on a
subsequent disposition of Lyondell common stock received in the proposed transaction, as long as: 



such gain is not effectively connected with the conduct by the holder of a trade or business within the U.S. or, if a tax treaty applies, is not attributable to a permanent
establishment or fixed place of business maintained by the holder in the U.S.; 



in the case of certain capital gains, the holder either is not present in the U.S. for 183 days or more during the taxable year in which the capital gain is recognized or otherwise
qualifies for an exemption; 



the holder qualifies for an exemption from backup withholding, as discussed below; 



in the case of the proposed transaction, Millennium is not and has not been a U.S. real property holding corporation at any time within the shorter of the five-year period ending on
the date on which the proposed transaction is consummated or such non-U.S. holders holding period; and 



in the case of a disposition of shares of Lyondell common stock received in the proposed transaction, Lyondell is not and has not been a U.S. real property holding corporation at
any time within the shorter of the five-year period ending on the date of the disposition or such non-U.S. holders holding period. 

Generally, a corporation is a U.S. real property holding corporation if the fair market value of its U.S. real property interests, as defined
in the Internal Revenue Code and applicable regulations, equals or exceeds 50% of the aggregate fair market value of its worldwide real property interests and its other assets used or held for use in a trade or business. Millennium does not believe
that it is or has been a U.S. real property holding corporation within the last five years. Lyondell does not believe that it is, and does not expect to become, a U.S. real property holding corporation. If either Millennium or Lyondell nevertheless
constituted a U.S. real property holding corporation at a relevant time, a non-U.S. holder who at no time actually or constructively owned more than 5% of the common stock of Millennium or Lyondell, as the case may be, generally would not be subject
to U.S. federal income or withholding tax on the relevant gain, provided that such common stock was regularly traded on an established securities market within the meaning of the applicable regulations. 

In order to qualify for an exemption from backup withholding on cash received
for a fractional share of Lyondell common stock, or from any other disposition of Lyondell common stock, a non-U.S. holder may be required to provide a taxpayer identification number, certify the holders foreign status or otherwise establish
an exemption. 

U.S. Federal Estate Tax

Common stock of Lyondell held by an individual who at
the time of death is not a citizen or resident of the U.S. (as specially defined for U.S. federal estate tax purposes) generally will be included in such individuals estate for U.S. federal estate tax purposes, unless an applicable estate tax
treaty provides otherwise. 



Accounting Treatment 

As a
result of the proposed transaction, Lyondell will own 100% of Millenniums outstanding common stock, and will directly or indirectly own 100% of the partnership interests in Equistar. Consequently, Lyondells accounting for the purchase of
Millennium will include adjusting each asset and liability of Millennium to fair value, and consolidating Millenniums assets, liabilities and operations with those of Lyondell. In addition, Lyondell will consolidate Equistar using the
step-acquisition method of purchase accounting, under which Lyondell will account for its 41% initial investment at historical amounts and the remaining interests acquired from Occidental and through the proposed transaction at fair value.
Therefore, as a result of the proposed transaction, 59% of each asset and liability of Equistar will be adjusted to fair value in Lyondells consolidated financial statements. See Lyondell Chemical Company Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed
Combined Financial Information beginning on page 123 for more information on the accounting for the purchase of Millennium. 

Conversion of Millennium Stock Options and Assumption of Plans 

Pursuant to the agreement and plan of merger, each outstanding option to acquire Millennium common stock under the Millennium Long Term Stock Incentive
Plan and the 2001 Omnibus Incentive Plan will be converted as of the effective time of the closing of the proposed transaction into an option to acquire a number of shares of Lyondell common stock determined by multiplying the number of shares of
Millennium common stock purchasable by such option by the exchange ratio and rounding to the nearest whole share. The exercise price of the converted option will be the exercise price of the original Millennium option divided by the exchange ratio,
with the resulting price rounded to the nearest whole cent. All converted options will be immediately vested pursuant to the change in control provisions of the existing Millennium option plans and agreements. See Interests
of Certain Persons in the Proposed Transaction beginning on page 91. 

Lyondell will assume the Millennium Long Term Stock Incentive Plan and the 2001 Omnibus Incentive Plan. However, Lyondell does not intend to make additional awards under the assumed plans and intends to terminate the
assumed Millennium plans, except to the extent required to meet obligations under the converted options as described above. 

Each outstanding Lyondell stock option and each outstanding Lyondell phantom stock option will remain outstanding following the closing of the proposed
transaction, and will be unaffected except that vesting of such awards will be accelerated pursuant to the change in control provisions under the Lyondell plans. See Interests of Certain Persons in the Proposed Transaction
beginning on page 91. 

Employee Benefits Matters 

The
agreement and plan of merger provides that all Millennium employees will be employed by Lyondell, Millennium or one of their subsidiaries immediately after the effective time of the proposed transaction, but does not require that those individuals
remain employed for any period of time thereafter. Any former Millennium employee (excluding any officers and key employees covered by individual change in control agreements) whose employment is terminated within one year following the closing of
the proposed transaction will be entitled to severance benefits in accordance with Millenniums severance plans or policies in effect as of March 28, 2004. 

Millenniums benefit plans will remain in effect following the closing of the proposed transaction until otherwise determined. Lyondell has agreed
that during the first year following the closing of the proposed transaction, to the extent Millenniums plans are not continued, Lyondell or one of its affiliates will provide to former Millennium employees benefits that, in the aggregate, are
no less favorable than those benefits provided to Millennium employees prior to the effective time of the closing of the proposed transaction. 

Addition of Two Millennium Directors to Lyondells Board of Directors 

The agreement and plan of merger provides that, prior to the effective time of the proposed transaction, Lyondells board of directors will take all
necessary action to appoint two independent members of Millenniums 



current board of directors as additional members of Lyondells board of directors, to be effective as of the closing of the proposed transaction. The
members of the Millennium board of directors to be appointed to the Lyondell board of directors will be determined by Lyondells board of directors after consultation with Millenniums board of directors. This will increase the size of
Lyondells board of directors from 11 members to 13 members. 

Required Vote and Recommendation of Lyondells Board of Directors 

Approval of the issuance of Lyondell common stock to Millennium shareholders in the proposed transaction requires the affirmative vote of at least a
majority of the votes cast thereon, provided the total votes cast represent at least 50% of Lyondell shares outstanding on the close of business on the record date. You are entitled to one vote for each Lyondell share you held as of the close of
business on the record date. Because abstentions from voting will count against satisfaction of the requirement that the votes cast represent at least 50% of the outstanding Lyondell shares, abstentions may have the effect of a vote against the
proposal to approve the issuance of Lyondell common stock to Millennium shareholders in the proposed transaction. However, if the 50% requirement is satisfied, abstentions from voting will not be included in the voting tally and will not have an
effect on the outcome of the proposal. Because of the nature of this matter there will be no broker non-votes. If your shares are held in the Lyondell, Equistar, LCR or Millennium 401(k) plan, please see The Special MeetingsEffect of
Abstentions and Broker Non-Votes beginning on page 46. 
If you hold your shares in street name (
i.e
., through a bank, broker or other nominee), you must provide specific voting instructions to your bank, broker or other
nominee for your shares to be voted at the special meeting.

Lyondells board of directors unanimously recommends that Lyondell shareholders vote FOR approval of the issuance of Lyondell common stock to Millennium shareholders in the proposed transaction. Properly dated and signed
proxies, and proxies properly submitted over the Internet and by telephone, will be so voted unless Lyondell shareholders specify otherwise. 

Lyondells board of directors also unanimously recommends that Lyondell shareholders vote FOR the amendment and restatement of
Lyondells certificate of incorporation to increase the number of authorized Lyondell shares, approval of which is also a condition to closing the proposed transaction. For additional information about this proposal, please see Proposal
to Approve the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Lyondell beginning on page 106. 

In considering the recommendation of Lyondells board of directors, you should be aware that the directors and officers of Lyondell have interests
in the proposed transaction that are different from, or in addition to, the interests of Lyondell shareholders generally, and that Lyondells directors and officers will directly benefit if the proposed transaction is completed. Please see
Proposals to Approve the Proposed TransactionInterests of Certain Persons in the Proposed Transaction beginning on page 91. Lyondells board of directors was aware of these interests and considered them in approving the
agreement and plan of merger and the amendment and restatement of Lyondells certificate of incorporation. 

Required Vote and Recommendation of Millenniums Board of Directors 

Adoption of the agreement and plan of merger requires the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the outstanding shares of Millennium common stock
entitled to vote thereon. You are entitled to one vote for each share of Millennium common stock you held as of the close of business on the record date. Your failure to vote your Millennium shares, including abstentions, will have the same effect
as a vote against the proposal to adopt the agreement and plan of merger. Because of the nature of this matter there will be no broker non-votes. If your shares are held in the Lyondell, Equistar, LCR or Millennium 401(k) plan, please see The
Special MeetingsEffect of Abstentions and Broker Non-Votes beginning on page 46. 
If you hold your shares in street name (
i.e
., through a bank, broker or other nominee), you must provide specific voting
instructions to your bank, broker or other nominee for your shares to be voted at the special meeting.



Millenniums board of directors unanimously recommends that Millennium shareholders vote
FOR adoption of the agreement and plan of merger. Properly dated and signed proxies, and proxies properly submitted over the Internet and by telephone, will be so voted unless Millennium shareholders specify otherwise. 

In considering the recommendation of Millenniums board of
directors, you should be aware that the directors and officers of Millennium have interests in the proposed transaction that are different from, or in addition to, the interests of Millennium shareholders generally, and that Millenniums
directors and officers will directly benefit if the proposed transaction is completed. Among other things, Mr. Lee, Millenniums president and chief executive officer and a member of Millenniums board of directors who voted to approve the
proposed transaction, will be entitled to receive, as a result of the proposed transaction, an estimated $9 million in cash, distribution of ELTIP Shares, accelerated vesting of his restricted shares and stock options and reimbursement for all
excise taxes on such distributions on a fully grossed-up basis. Please see Proposals to Approve the Proposed TransactionInterests of Certain Persons in the Proposed Transaction beginning on page 91. Millenniums board of
directors was aware of these interests and considered them in approving the agreement and plan of merger. 



PROPOSAL TO APPROVE THE 

AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION OF LYONDELL 

Item 2 on Lyondell Proxy Card 

Description of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 

Lyondells board of directors unanimously recommends that Lyondells shareholders approve an amended and restated certificate of incorporation
of Lyondell that increases the number of authorized Lyondell shares from 420 million shares to 500 million shares. The proposed amendment and restatement was approved by Lyondells board of directors at a meeting on March 28, 2004. A copy of
the form of proposed amended and restated certificate of incorporation is attached hereto as 
Annex E
. 

Article IV of Lyondells certificate of incorporation currently authorizes 500 million shares of capital stock divided into two classes as follows:



420 million Lyondell shares issued in two series with the first consisting of 340 million shares of Lyondell common stock, par value $1.00 per share, and the second series
consisting of 80 million shares of Lyondell Series B common stock, par value $1.00 per share; and 



80 million shares of preferred stock, par value $0.01 per share. 

As of May 31, 2004, Lyondell had 140,557,881 shares of Lyondell common stock issued and outstanding and 37,347,341 shares of Lyondell Series B common
stock issued and outstanding. No shares of preferred stock were issued and outstanding. 

The proposed amended and restated certificate of incorporation of Lyondell would increase the number of authorized Lyondell shares from 420 million shares to 500 million shares, consisting of (a) 420 million shares of
Lyondell common stock and (b) 80 million shares of Lyondell Series B common stock. 

The proposed amended and restated certificate of incorporation will not change the number of authorized shares of Lyondell Series B common stock (80 million), or the number of authorized shares of preferred stock (80
million), or the provisions relating to Lyondell Series B common stock or preferred stock. Issued and outstanding shares of Lyondell common stock will not change as a result of the proposed amended and restated certificate of incorporation and
holders of Lyondell common stock will not receive new stock certificates. 

Upon approval of the proposed amended and restated certificate of incorporation, Lyondells certificate of incorporation will be amended and restated as described in this joint proxy statement/prospectus and as
set forth in the form of amended and restated certificate of incorporation attached hereto as 
Annex E
. The proposed amended and restated certificate of incorporation will become effective when it is filed with the Secretary of State of the
State of Delaware. 

Purposes and Effects of the Proposed Amendment and Restatement of the Certificate of Incorporation 

The principal purpose of amending and restating Lyondells certificate of incorporation is to increase the number of authorized Lyondell shares to
provide Lyondell with additional authorized shares for issuance of Lyondell common stock to Millenniums shareholders in connection with the proposed transaction (including shares reserved for issuance in connection with stock options and
convertible debentures), still leaving a number of shares available for issuance in potential future financings, acquisition transactions, stock dividends or splits, employee benefit plans and other transactions. 

As further described below, after the increase in authorized shares and
completion of the proposed transaction, the number of authorized but unissued and unreserved shares of Lyondell common stock will not be significantly different from what it is today. 



The terms of the agreement and plan of merger are more fully described in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus under Summary of the Agreement and Plan of Merger beginning on page 109. Although Lyondells management currently has no other definitive plans for the issuance of any additional authorized Lyondell shares, the
authorization of additional Lyondell shares would permit the issuance of shares from time to time in the future for stock dividends, stock splits, possible acquisitions, stock option plans, and other appropriate corporate purposes that
Lyondells board of directors may determine to pursue from time to time. 

Once authorized, the shares of Lyondell common stock may be issued with approval of Lyondells board of directors and without further approval of the shareholders, unless shareholder approval is required by
applicable law, rule or regulation, such as the rules of the New York Stock Exchange. 

Anticipated Issuance of Lyondell Common Stock in Connection with the Proposed Transaction with Millennium 

Lyondell currently is authorized to issue up to 340 million shares of Lyondell common stock, subject to applicable stock exchange rules. Of these shares,
approximately 43 million shares have been reserved as of May 31, 2004 for issuance to Occidental Chemical Holding Corporation, a subsidiary of Occidental, referred to as OCHC, upon conversion of its outstanding shares of Lyondell Series B common
stock (including shares of Lyondell Series B common stock that OCHC receives as additional in-kind dividends on the Lyondell Series B common stock prior to the time of conversion) to Lyondell common stock and upon exercise of OCHCs warrants to
purchase five million shares of Lyondell common stock. The foregoing assumes that the shares of Lyondell Series B common stock are converted to shares of Lyondell common stock promptly after August 21, 2004, the earliest date on which the shares may
be convertible by their terms, and a constant Lyondell common stock price of $16.52 per share, the closing price on May 28, 2004. If the Series B shares are converted at a later time and Lyondell continues to pay dividends in-kind on those shares
prior to conversion, additional in-kind dividends would accrue at a number in the range of 2.4 million shares per year, based on Lyondells current dividend rate and recent market prices for Lyondell common stock. 

The following table illustrates the number of shares of Lyondell common
stock that may be issued and reserved for issuance in connection with the proposed transaction assuming, alternatively, the maximum and minimum potential exchange ratios in connection with the proposed transaction. See Summary of the Agreement
and Plan of MergerThe Exchange Ratio beginning on page 109. 

Approximate number of
shares of Lyondell common
stock to be issued or reserved
for issuance, assuming an
exchange ratio of 

Reason for Issuance or Reservation

0.95

1.05

(in millions)

Number of shares to be issued at the closing of the proposed transaction

62.1

68.7

Number of shares to be reserved for issuance upon conversion of Millenniums 4% convertible senior debentures due 2023
(a)

13.8

16.4

Number of shares to be reserved for issuance upon exercise of stock options by holders of Millennium stock options (b)

1.9

2.1

Number of shares to be reserved for issuance pursuant to outstanding awards under the Millennium Executive Long Term Incentive Plans and Long
Term Incentive Plans (c)

0.3

0.3

Total

78.1

87.5

(a)

The numbers in the table assume that all $150 million of Millenniums 4% convertible debentures due 2023 remain outstanding at and after the closing of the
proposed transaction. The conversion price of the 



debentures will be reduced after the closing each time Lyondell pays a dividend on Lyondell common stock, under a formula in the indentures that reflects the
market price of Lyondell common stock at that time. For purposes of calculating the numbers in this row, it is assumed that Lyondell continues to pay dividends at the current rate and that the price of Lyondell common stock remains constant at
$20.50 or $16.50, respectively, between the closing date and November 15, 2010, when the debentures may be redeemed by the issuer. The numbers of shares would be lower if the dividend rate is lower or the stock price is higher than assumed, and vice
versa. 

(b)

Assumes that none of Millenniums stock options currently outstanding are exercised for shares before the closing of the proposed transaction. 

(c)

Millenniums Executive Long Term Incentive Plans and Long Term Incentive Plans provide for accelerated payment of awards pursuant to a change in control. Accelerated award
payments are made partially in shares of common stock, and the amounts in the table represent an estimated number of shares of Lyondell common stock that are issuable as soon as practicable following the closing of the proposed transaction to
satisfy the stock-based payouts under these plans. 

Potential Effect of Increase in Number of Authorized Lyondell Shares 

An increase in the number of authorized Lyondell shares could have a potential anti-takeover effect. Lyondell has not proposed the increase in the number
of authorized Lyondell shares with the intention of using the additional shares for anti-takeover purposes, although Lyondell may use the additional shares in a manner that would discourage an attempt to acquire control of Lyondell or to make any
such attempt more difficult. Lyondell is not aware of any pending or threatened efforts to acquire control of Lyondell. 

Required Vote and Board of Directors Recommendation 

Approval of the amended and restated certificate of incorporation increasing the number of authorized Lyondell shares (excluding preferred stock) from 420 million to 500 million shares requires the affirmative vote of
at least a majority of the outstanding Lyondell shares outstanding on the close of business on the record date. You are entitled to one vote for each Lyondell share you held as of the close of business on the record date. Because the required vote
is based on the affirmative vote of a majority of shares outstanding, abstentions from voting will be included in the voting tally and will have the effect of a vote against the proposal to amend and restate Lyondells certificate of
incorporation to increase the number of authorized Lyondell shares. Because of the nature of this matter there will be no broker non-votes. If your shares are held in the Lyondell, Equistar, LCR or Millennium 401(k) plan, please see The
Special MeetingsEffect of Abstentions and Broker Non-Votes beginning on page 46. 
If you hold your shares in street name (i.e., through a bank, broker or other nominee), you must provide specific voting instructions to your bank,
broker or other nominee for your shares to be voted at the special meeting.

Lyondells board of directors unanimously recommends a vote FOR approval of the proposed amended and restated certificate of incorporation of Lyondell. Properly dated and signed proxies, and
proxies properly submitted over the Internet and by telephone, will be so voted unless shareholders specify otherwise. 

In considering their recommendation, you should be aware that Lyondells directors and officers have interests in the proposed transaction that
are different from, or are in addition to, the interests of Lyondell shareholders generally. Please see the section entitled Proposals to Approve the Proposed TransactionInterests of Certain Persons in the Proposed Transaction
beginning on page 91. Lyondells board of directors was aware of these interests and considered them in approving the agreement and plan of merger and the amendment and restatement of Lyondells certificate of incorporation.

Approval of the amended and restated certificate of
incorporation of Lyondell is a condition to the closing of the proposed transaction described under Proposals to Approve the Proposed Transaction beginning on page 49. 



SUMMARY OF THE AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER 

The following is a summary of material terms of the agreement and plan of merger, a copy of which is attached as 
Annex A
 to this joint proxy statement/prospectus and is incorporated in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus by reference. This summary is qualified in its entirety by reference to the agreement and plan of merger. You should read the entire agreement and plan of merger because it, and not this summ